# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 10 Feb 2022
### 1.Point-Level Region Contrast for Object Detection Pre-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04639.pdf)
>  In this work we present point-level region contrast, a self-supervised pre-training approach for the task of object detection. This approach is motivated by the two key factors in detection: localization and recognition. While accurate localization favors models that operate at the pixel- or point-level, correct recognition typically relies on a more holistic, region-level view of objects. Incorporating this perspective in pre-training, our approach performs contrastive learning by directly sampling individual point pairs from different regions. Compared to an aggregated representation per region, our approach is more robust to the change in input region quality, and further enables us to implicitly improve initial region assignments via online knowledge distillation during training. Both advantages are important when dealing with imperfect regions encountered in the unsupervised setting. Experiments show point-level region contrast improves on state-of-the-art pre-training methods for object detection and segmentation across multiple tasks and datasets, and we provide extensive ablation studies and visualizations to aid understanding. Code will be made available.      
### 2.Reducing Redundancy in the Bottleneck Representation of the Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04629.pdf)
>  Autoencoders are a type of unsupervised neural networks, which can be used to solve various tasks, e.g., dimensionality reduction, image compression, and image denoising. An AE has two goals: (i) compress the original input to a low-dimensional space at the bottleneck of the network topology using an encoder, (ii) reconstruct the input from the representation at the bottleneck using a decoder. Both encoder and decoder are optimized jointly by minimizing a distortion-based loss which implicitly forces the model to keep only those variations of input data that are required to reconstruct the and to reduce redundancies. In this paper, we propose a scheme to explicitly penalize feature redundancies in the bottleneck representation. To this end, we propose an additional loss term, based on the pair-wise correlation of the neurons, which complements the standard reconstruction loss forcing the encoder to learn a more diverse and richer representation of the input. We tested our approach across different tasks: dimensionality reduction using three different dataset, image compression using the MNIST dataset, and image denoising using fashion MNIST. The experimental results show that the proposed loss leads consistently to superior performance compared to the standard AE loss.      
### 3.Distance Estimation and Animal Tracking for Wildlife Camera Trapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04613.pdf)
>  The ongoing biodiversity crysis calls for accurate estimation of animal density and abundance to identify, for example, sources of biodiversity decline and effectiveness of conservation interventions. Camera traps together with abundance estimation methods are often employed for this purpose. The necessary distances between camera and observed animal are traditionally derived in a laborious, fully manual or semi-automatic process. Both approaches require reference image material, which is both difficult to acquire and not available for existing datasets. In this study, we propose a fully automatic approach to estimate camera-to-animal distances, based on monocular depth estimation (MDE), and without the need of reference image material. We leverage state-of-the-art relative MDE and a novel alignment procedure to estimate metric distances. We evaluate the approach on a zoo scenario dataset unseen during training. We achieve a mean absolute distance estimation error of only 0.9864 meters at a precision of 90.3% and recall of 63.8%, while completely eliminating the previously required manual effort for biodiversity researchers. The code will be made available.      
### 4.NIMBLE: A Non-rigid Hand Model with Bones and Muscles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04533.pdf)
>  Emerging Metaverse applications demand reliable, accurate, and photorealistic reproductions of human hands to perform sophisticated operations as if in the physical world. While real human hand represents one of the most intricate coordination between bones, muscle, tendon, and skin, state-of-the-art techniques unanimously focus on modeling only the skeleton of the hand. In this paper, we present NIMBLE, a novel parametric hand model that includes the missing key components, bringing 3D hand model to a new level of realism. We first annotate muscles, bones and skins on the recent Magnetic Resonance Imaging hand (MRI-Hand) dataset and then register a volumetric template hand onto individual poses and subjects within the dataset. NIMBLE consists of 20 bones as triangular meshes, 7 muscle groups as tetrahedral meshes, and a skin mesh. Via iterative shape registration and parameter learning, it further produces shape blend shapes, pose blend shapes, and a joint regressor. We demonstrate applying NIMBLE to modeling, rendering, and visual inference tasks. By enforcing the inner bones and muscles to match anatomic and kinematic rules, NIMBLE can animate 3D hands to new poses at unprecedented realism. To model the appearance of skin, we further construct a photometric HandStage to acquire high-quality textures and normal maps to model wrinkles and palm print. Finally, NIMBLE also benefits learning-based hand pose and shape estimation by either synthesizing rich data or acting directly as a differentiable layer in the inference network.      
### 5.CRAT-Pred: Vehicle Trajectory Prediction with Crystal Graph Convolutional Neural Networks and Multi-Head Self-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04488.pdf)
>  Predicting the motion of surrounding vehicles is essential for autonomous vehicles, as it governs their own motion plan. Current state-of-the-art vehicle prediction models heavily rely on map information. In reality, however, this information is not always available. We therefore propose CRAT-Pred, a multi-modal and non-rasterization-based trajectory prediction model, specifically designed to effectively model social interactions between vehicles, without relying on map information. CRAT-Pred applies a graph convolution method originating from the field of material science to vehicle prediction, allowing to efficiently leverage edge features, and combines it with multi-head self-attention. Compared to other map-free approaches, the model achieves state-of-the-art performance with a significantly lower number of model parameters. In addition to that, we quantitatively show that the self-attention mechanism is able to learn social interactions between vehicles, with the weights representing a measurable interaction score. The source code is publicly available.      
### 6.Object-Guided Day-Night Visual Localization in Urban Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04445.pdf)
>  We introduce Object-Guided Localization (OGuL) based on a novel method of local-feature matching. Direct matching of local features is sensitive to significant changes in illumination. In contrast, object detection often survives severe changes in lighting conditions. The proposed method first detects semantic objects and establishes correspondences of those objects between images. Object correspondences provide local coarse alignment of the images in the form of a planar homography. These homographies are consequently used to guide the matching of local features. Experiments on standard urban localization datasets (Aachen, Extended-CMU-Season, RobotCar-Season) show that OGuL significantly improves localization results with as simple local features as SIFT, and its performance competes with the state-of-the-art CNN-based methods trained for day-to-night localization.      
### 7.Deep Feature Rotation for Multimodal Image Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04426.pdf)
>  Recently, style transfer is a research area that attracts a lot of attention, which transfers the style of an image onto a content target. Extensive research on style transfer has aimed at speeding up processing or generating high-quality stylized images. Most approaches only produce an output from a content and style image pair, while a few others use complex architectures and can only produce a certain number of outputs. In this paper, we propose a simple method for representing style features in many ways called Deep Feature Rotation (DFR), while not only producing diverse outputs but also still achieving effective stylization compared to more complex methods. Our approach is representative of the many ways of augmentation for intermediate feature embedding without consuming too much computational expense. We also analyze our method by visualizing output in different rotation weights. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sonnguyen129/deep-feature-rotation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.Anchor Graph Structure Fusion Hashing for Cross-Modal Similarity Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04327.pdf)
>  Cross-modal hashing still has some challenges needed to address: (1) most existing CMH methods take graphs as input to model data distribution. These methods omit to consider the correlation of graph structure among multiple modalities; (2) most existing CMH methods ignores considering the fusion affinity among multi-modalities data; (3) most existing CMH methods relax the discrete constraints to solve the optimization objective, significantly degrading the retrieval performance. To solve the above limitations, we propose a novel Anchor Graph Structure Fusion Hashing (AGSFH). AGSFH constructs the anchor graph structure fusion matrix from different anchor graphs of multiple modalities with the Hadamard product, which can fully exploit the geometric property of underlying data structure. Based on the anchor graph structure fusion matrix, AGSFH attempts to directly learn an intrinsic anchor graph, where the structure of the intrinsic anchor graph is adaptively tuned so that the number of components of the intrinsic graph is exactly equal to the number of clusters. Besides, AGSFH preserves the anchor fusion affinity into the common binary Hamming space. Furthermore, a discrete optimization framework is designed to learn the unified binary codes. Extensive experimental results on three public social datasets demonstrate the superiority of AGSFH.      
### 9.Conditional Motion In-betweening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04307.pdf)
>  Motion in-betweening (MIB) is a process of generating intermediate skeletal movement between the given start and target poses while preserving the naturalness of the motion, such as periodic footstep motion while walking. Although state-of-the-art MIB methods are capable of producing plausible motions given sparse key-poses, they often lack the controllability to generate motions satisfying the semantic contexts required in practical applications. We focus on the method that can handle pose or semantic conditioned MIB tasks using a unified model. We also present a motion augmentation method to improve the quality of pose-conditioned motion generation via defining a distribution over smooth trajectories. Our proposed method outperforms the existing state-of-the-art MIB method in pose prediction errors while providing additional controllability.      
### 10.Learning to Bootstrap for Combating Label Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04291.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are powerful tools for representation learning, but can easily overfit to noisy labels which are prevalent in many real-world scenarios. Generally, noisy supervision could stem from variation among labelers, label corruption by adversaries, etc. To combat such label noises, one popular line of approach is to apply customized weights to the training instances, so that the corrupted examples contribute less to the model learning. However, such learning mechanisms potentially erase important information about the data distribution and therefore yield suboptimal results. To leverage useful information from the corrupted instances, an alternative is the bootstrapping loss, which reconstructs new training targets on-the-fly by incorporating the network's own predictions (i.e., pseudo-labels). <br>In this paper, we propose a more generic learnable loss objective which enables a joint reweighting of instances and labels at once. Specifically, our method dynamically adjusts the per-sample importance weight between the real observed labels and pseudo-labels, where the weights are efficiently determined in a meta process. Compared to the previous instance reweighting methods, our approach concurrently conducts implicit relabeling, and thereby yield substantial improvements with almost no extra cost. Extensive experimental results demonstrated the strengths of our approach over existing methods on multiple natural and medical image benchmark datasets, including CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, ISIC2019 and Clothing 1M. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yuyinzhou/L2B" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Amplitude Spectrum Transformation for Open Compound Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04287.pdf)
>  Open compound domain adaptation (OCDA) has emerged as a practical adaptation setting which considers a single labeled source domain against a compound of multi-modal unlabeled target data in order to generalize better on novel unseen domains. We hypothesize that an improved disentanglement of domain-related and task-related factors of dense intermediate layer features can greatly aid OCDA. Prior-arts attempt this indirectly by employing adversarial domain discriminators on the spatial CNN output. However, we find that latent features derived from the Fourier-based amplitude spectrum of deep CNN features hold a more tractable mapping with domain discrimination. Motivated by this, we propose a novel feature space Amplitude Spectrum Transformation (AST). During adaptation, we employ the AST auto-encoder for two purposes. First, carefully mined source-target instance pairs undergo a simulation of cross-domain feature stylization (AST-Sim) at a particular layer by altering the AST-latent. Second, AST operating at a later layer is tasked to normalize (AST-Norm) the domain content by fixing its latent to a mean prototype. Our simplified adaptation technique is not only clustering-free but also free from complex adversarial alignment. We achieve leading performance against the prior arts on the OCDA scene segmentation benchmarks.      
### 12.Adversarial Detection without Model Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04271.pdf)
>  Most prior state-of-the-art adversarial detection works assume that the underlying vulnerable model is accessible, i,e., the model can be trained or its outputs are visible. However, this is not a practical assumption due to factors like model encryption, model information leakage and so on. In this work, we propose a model independent adversarial detection method using a simple energy function to distinguish between adversarial and natural inputs. We train a standalone detector independent of the underlying model, with sequential layer-wise training to increase the energy separation corresponding to natural and adversarial inputs. With this, we perform energy distribution-based adversarial detection. Our method achieves state-of-the-art detection performance (ROC-AUC &gt; 0.9) across a wide range of gradient, score and decision-based adversarial attacks on CIFAR10, CIFAR100 and TinyImagenet datasets. Compared to prior approaches, our method requires ~10-100x less number of operations and parameters for adversarial detection. Further, we show that our detection method is transferable across different datasets and adversarial attacks. For reproducibility, we provide code in the supplementary material.      
### 13.GiraffeDet: A Heavy-Neck Paradigm for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04256.pdf)
>  In conventional object detection frameworks, a backbone body inherited from image recognition models extracts deep latent features and then a neck module fuses these latent features to capture information at different scales. As the resolution in object detection is much larger than in image recognition, the computational cost of the backbone often dominates the total inference cost. This heavy-backbone design paradigm is mostly due to the historical legacy when transferring image recognition models to object detection rather than an end-to-end optimized design for object detection. In this work, we show that such paradigm indeed leads to sub-optimal object detection models. To this end, we propose a novel heavy-neck paradigm, GiraffeDet, a giraffe-like network for efficient object detection. The GiraffeDet uses an extremely lightweight backbone and a very deep and large neck module which encourages dense information exchange among different spatial scales as well as different levels of latent semantics simultaneously. This design paradigm allows detectors to process the high-level semantic information and low-level spatial information at the same priority even in the early stage of the network, making it more effective in detection tasks. Numerical evaluations on multiple popular object detection benchmarks show that GiraffeDet consistently outperforms previous SOTA models across a wide spectrum of resource constraints.      
### 14.Motion-Aware Transformer For Occluded Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04243.pdf)
>  Recently, occluded person re-identification(Re-ID) remains a challenging task that people are frequently obscured by other people or obstacles, especially in a crowd massing situation. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised deep learning method to improve the location performance for human parts through occluded person Re-ID. Unlike previous works, we find that motion information derived from the photos of various human postures can help identify major human body components. Firstly, a motion-aware transformer encoder-decoder architecture is designed to obtain keypoints heatmaps and part-segmentation maps. Secondly, an affine transformation module is utilized to acquire motion information from the keypoint detection branch. Then the motion information will support the segmentation branch to achieve refined human part segmentation maps, and effectively divide the human body into reasonable groups. Finally, several cases demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed model in distinguishing different representative parts of the human body, which can avoid the background and occlusion disturbs. Our method consistently achieves state-of-the-art results on several popular datasets, including occluded, partial, and holistic.      
### 15.Distillation with Contrast is All You Need for Self-Supervised Point Cloud Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04241.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a simple and general framework for self-supervised point cloud representation learning. Human beings understand the 3D world by extracting two levels of information and establishing the relationship between them. One is the global shape of an object, and the other is the local structures of it. However, few existing studies in point cloud representation learning explored how to learn both global shapes and local-to-global relationships without a specified network architecture. Inspired by how human beings understand the world, we utilize knowledge distillation to learn both global shape information and the relationship between global shape and local structures. At the same time, we combine contrastive learning with knowledge distillation to make the teacher network be better updated. Our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on linear classification and multiple other downstream tasks. Especially, we develop a variant of ViT for 3D point cloud feature extraction, which also achieves comparable results with existing backbones when combined with our framework, and visualization of the attention maps show that our model does understand the point cloud by combining the global shape information and multiple local structural information, which is consistent with the inspiration of our representation learning method. Our code will be released soon.      
### 16.A multiscale spatiotemporal approach for smallholder irrigation detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04239.pdf)
>  In presenting an irrigation detection methodology that leverages multiscale satellite imagery of vegetation abundance, this paper introduces a process to supplement limited ground-collected labels and ensure classifier applicability in an area of interest. Spatiotemporal analysis of MODIS 250m Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI) timeseries characterizes native vegetation phenologies at regional scale to provide the basis for a continuous phenology map that guides supplementary label collection over irrigated and non-irrigated agriculture. Subsequently, validated dry season greening and senescence cycles observed in 10m Sentinel-2 imagery are used to train a suite of classifiers for automated detection of potential smallholder irrigation. Strategies to improve model robustness are demonstrated, including a method of data augmentation that randomly shifts training samples; and an assessment of classifier types that produce the best performance in withheld target regions. The methodology is applied to detect smallholder irrigation in two states in the Ethiopian highlands, Tigray and Amhara. Results show that a transformer-based neural network architecture allows for the most robust prediction performance in withheld regions, followed closely by a CatBoost random forest model. Over withheld ground-collection survey labels, the transformer-based model achieves 96.7% accuracy over non-irrigated samples and 95.9% accuracy over irrigated samples. Over a larger set of samples independently collected via the introduced method of label supplementation, non-irrigated and irrigated labels are predicted with 98.3% and 95.5% accuracy, respectively. The detection model is then deployed over Tigray and Amhara, revealing crop rotation patterns and year-over-year irrigated area change. Predictions suggest that irrigated area in these two states has decreased by approximately 40% from 2020 to 2021.      
### 17.Learning Robust Convolutional Neural Networks with Relevant Feature Focusing via Explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04237.pdf)
>  Existing image recognition techniques based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) basically assume that the training and test datasets are sampled from i.i.d distributions. However, this assumption is easily broken in the real world because of the distribution shift that occurs when the co-occurrence relations between objects and backgrounds in input images change. Under this type of distribution shift, CNNs learn to focus on features that are not task-relevant, such as backgrounds from the training data, and degrade their accuracy on the test data. To tackle this problem, we propose relevant feature focusing (ReFF). ReFF detects task-relevant features and regularizes CNNs via explanation outputs (e.g., Grad-CAM). Since ReFF is composed of post-hoc explanation modules, it can be easily applied to off-the-shelf CNNs. Furthermore, ReFF requires no additional inference cost at test time because it is only used for regularization while training. We demonstrate that CNNs trained with ReFF focus on features relevant to the target task and that ReFF improves the test-time accuracy.      
### 18.Towards Compositional Adversarial Robustness: Generalizing Adversarial Training to Composite Semantic Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04235.pdf)
>  Model robustness against adversarial examples of single perturbation type such as the $\ell_{p}$-norm has been widely studied, yet its generalization to more realistic scenarios involving multiple semantic perturbations and their composition remains largely unexplored. In this paper, we firstly propose a novel method for generating composite adversarial examples. By utilizing component-wise projected gradient descent and automatic attack-order scheduling, our method can find the optimal attack composition. We then propose \textbf{generalized adversarial training} (\textbf{GAT}) to extend model robustness from $\ell_{p}$-norm to composite semantic perturbations, such as the combination of Hue, Saturation, Brightness, Contrast, and Rotation. The results on ImageNet and CIFAR-10 datasets show that GAT can be robust not only to any single attack but also to any combination of multiple attacks. GAT also outperforms baseline $\ell_{\infty}$-norm bounded adversarial training approaches by a significant margin.      
### 19.Real-Time Event-Based Tracking and Detection for Maritime Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04231.pdf)
>  Event cameras are ideal for object tracking applications due to their ability to capture fast-moving objects while mitigating latency and data redundancy. Existing event-based clustering and feature tracking approaches for surveillance and object detection work well in the majority of cases, but fall short in a maritime environment. Our application of maritime vessel detection and tracking requires a process that can identify features and output a confidence score representing the likelihood that the feature was produced by a vessel, which may trigger a subsequent alert or activate a classification system. However, the maritime environment presents unique challenges such as the tendency of waves to produce the majority of events, demanding the majority of computational processing and producing false positive detections. By filtering redundant events and analyzing the movement of each event cluster, we can identify and track vessels while ignoring shorter lived and erratic features such as those produced by waves.      
### 20.MaskGIT: Masked Generative Image Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04200.pdf)
>  Generative transformers have experienced rapid popularity growth in the computer vision community in synthesizing high-fidelity and high-resolution images. The best generative transformer models so far, however, still treat an image naively as a sequence of tokens, and decode an image sequentially following the raster scan ordering (i.e. line-by-line). We find this strategy neither optimal nor efficient. This paper proposes a novel image synthesis paradigm using a bidirectional transformer decoder, which we term MaskGIT. During training, MaskGIT learns to predict randomly masked tokens by attending to tokens in all directions. At inference time, the model begins with generating all tokens of an image simultaneously, and then refines the image iteratively conditioned on the previous generation. Our experiments demonstrate that MaskGIT significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art transformer model on the ImageNet dataset, and accelerates autoregressive decoding by up to 64x. Besides, we illustrate that MaskGIT can be easily extended to various image editing tasks, such as inpainting, extrapolation, and image manipulation.      
### 21.TransformNet: Self-supervised representation learning through predicting geometric transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04181.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks need a big amount of training data, while in the real world there is a scarcity of data available for training purposes. To resolve this issue unsupervised methods are used for training with limited data. In this report, we describe the unsupervised semantic feature learning approach for recognition of the geometric transformation applied to the input data. The basic concept of our approach is that if someone is unaware of the objects in the images, he/she would not be able to quantitatively predict the geometric transformation that was applied to them. This self supervised scheme is based on pretext task and the downstream task. The pretext classification task to quantify the geometric transformations should force the CNN to learn high-level salient features of objects useful for image classification. In our baseline model, we define image rotations by multiples of 90 degrees. The CNN trained on this pretext task will be used for the classification of images in the CIFAR-10 dataset as a downstream task. we run the baseline method using various models, including ResNet, DenseNet, VGG-16, and NIN with a varied number of rotations in feature extracting and fine-tuning settings. In extension of this baseline model we experiment with transformations other than rotation in pretext task. We compare performance of selected models in various settings with different transformations applied to images,various data augmentation techniques as well as using different optimizers. This series of different type of experiments will help us demonstrate the recognition accuracy of our self-supervised model when applied to a downstream task of classification.      
### 22.Untrimmed Action Anticipation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04132.pdf)
>  Egocentric action anticipation consists in predicting a future action the camera wearer will perform from egocentric video. While the task has recently attracted the attention of the research community, current approaches assume that the input videos are "trimmed", meaning that a short video sequence is sampled a fixed time before the beginning of the action. We argue that, despite the recent advances in the field, trimmed action anticipation has a limited applicability in real-world scenarios where it is important to deal with "untrimmed" video inputs and it cannot be assumed that the exact moment in which the action will begin is known at test time. To overcome such limitations, we propose an untrimmed action anticipation task, which, similarly to temporal action detection, assumes that the input video is untrimmed at test time, while still requiring predictions to be made before the actions actually take place. We design an evaluation procedure for methods designed to address this novel task, and compare several baselines on the EPIC-KITCHENS-100 dataset. Experiments show that the performance of current models designed for trimmed action anticipation is very limited and more research on this task is required.      
### 23.Disentangle Saliency Detection into Cascaded Detail Modeling and Body Filling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04112.pdf)
>  Salient object detection has been long studied to identify the most visually attractive objects in images/videos. Recently, a growing amount of approaches have been proposed all of which rely on the contour/edge information to improve detection performance. The edge labels are either put into the loss directly or used as extra supervision. The edge and body can also be learned separately and then fused afterward. Both methods either lead to high prediction errors near the edge or cannot be trained in an end-to-end manner. Another problem is that existing methods may fail to detect objects of various sizes due to the lack of efficient and effective feature fusion mechanisms. In this work, we propose to decompose the saliency detection task into two cascaded sub-tasks, \emph{i.e.}, detail modeling and body filling. Specifically, the detail modeling focuses on capturing the object edges by supervision of explicitly decomposed detail label that consists of the pixels that are nested on the edge and near the edge. Then the body filling learns the body part which will be filled into the detail map to generate more accurate saliency map. To effectively fuse the features and handle objects at different scales, we have also proposed two novel multi-scale detail attention and body attention blocks for precise detail and body modeling. Experimental results show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performances on six public datasets.      
### 24.Face2PPG: An unsupervised pipeline for blood volume pulse extraction from faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04101.pdf)
>  Photoplethysmography (PPG) signals have become a key technology in many fields such as medicine, well-being, or sports. Our work proposes a set of pipelines to extract remote PPG signals (rPPG) from the face, robustly, reliably, and in a configurable manner. We identify and evaluate the possible choices in the critical steps of unsupervised rPPG methodologies. We evaluate a state-of-the-art processing pipeline in six different datasets, incorporating important corrections in the methodology that ensure reproducible and fair comparisons. In addition, we extend the pipeline by proposing three novel ideas; 1) a new method to stabilize the detected face based on a rigid mesh normalization; 2) a new method to dynamically select the different regions in the face that provide the best raw signals, and 3) a new RGB to rPPG transformation method called Orthogonal Matrix Image Transformation (OMIT) based on QR decomposition, that increases robustness against compression artifacts. We show that all three changes introduce noticeable improvements in retrieving rPPG signals from faces, obtaining state-of-the-art results compared with unsupervised, non-learning-based methodologies, and in some databases, very close to supervised, learning-based methods. We perform a comparative study to quantify the contribution of each proposed idea. In addition, we depict a series of observations that could help in future implementations.      
### 25.Joint-bone Fusion Graph Convolutional Network for Semi-supervised Skeleton Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04075.pdf)
>  In recent years, graph convolutional networks (GCNs) play an increasingly critical role in skeleton-based human action recognition. However, most GCN-based methods still have two main limitations: 1) They only consider the motion information of the joints or process the joints and bones separately, which are unable to fully explore the latent functional correlation between joints and bones for action recognition. 2) Most of these works are performed in the supervised learning way, which heavily relies on massive labeled training data. To address these issues, we propose a semi-supervised skeleton-based action recognition method which has been rarely exploited before. We design a novel correlation-driven joint-bone fusion graph convolutional network (CD-JBF-GCN) as an encoder and use a pose prediction head as a decoder to achieve semi-supervised learning. Specifically, the CD-JBF-GC can explore the motion transmission between the joint stream and the bone stream, so that promoting both streams to learn more discriminative feature representations. The pose prediction based auto-encoder in the self-supervised training stage allows the network to learn motion representation from unlabeled data, which is essential for action recognition. Extensive experiments on two popular datasets, i.e. NTU-RGB+D and Kinetics-Skeleton, demonstrate that our model achieves the state-of-the-art performance for semi-supervised skeleton-based action recognition and is also useful for fully-supervised methods.      
### 26.Detecting and Localizing Copy-Move and Image-Splicing Forgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04069.pdf)
>  In the world of fake news and deepfakes, there have been an alarmingly large number of cases of images being tampered with and published in newspapers, used in court, and posted on social media for defamation purposes. Detecting these tampered images is an important task and one we try to tackle. In this paper, we focus on the methods to detect if an image has been tampered with using both Deep Learning and Image transformation methods and comparing the performances and robustness of each method. We then attempt to identify the tampered area of the image and predict the corresponding mask. Based on the results, suggestions and approaches are provided to achieve a more robust framework to detect and identify the forgeries.      
### 27.Exploring Structural Sparsity in Neural Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04595.pdf)
>  Neural image compression have reached or out-performed traditional methods (such as JPEG, BPG, WebP). However,their sophisticated network structures with cascaded convolution layers bring heavy computational burden for practical deployment. In this paper, we explore the structural sparsity in neural image compression network to obtain real-time acceleration without any specialized hardware design or algorithm. We propose a simple plug-in adaptive binary channel masking(ABCM) to judge the importance of each convolution channel and introduce sparsity during training. During inference, the unimportant channels are pruned to obtain slimmer network and less computation. We implement our method into three neural image compression networks with different entropy models to verify its effectiveness and generalization, the experiment results show that up to 7x computation reduction and 3x acceleration can be achieved with negligible performance drop.      
### 28.End-to-End Blind Quality Assessment for Laparoscopic Videos using Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04517.pdf)
>  Video quality assessment is a challenging problem having a critical significance in the context of medical imaging. For instance, in laparoscopic surgery, the acquired video data suffers from different kinds of distortion that not only hinder surgery performance but also affect the execution of subsequent tasks in surgical navigation and robotic surgeries. For this reason, we propose in this paper neural network-based approaches for distortion classification as well as quality prediction. More precisely, a Residual Network (ResNet) based approach is firstly developed for simultaneous ranking and classification task. Then, this architecture is extended to make it appropriate for the quality prediction task by using an additional Fully Connected Neural Network (FCNN). To train the overall architecture (ResNet and FCNN models), transfer learning and end-to-end learning approaches are investigated. Experimental results, carried out on a new laparoscopic video quality database, have shown the efficiency of the proposed methods compared to recent conventional and deep learning based approaches.      
### 29.Predicting the intended action using internal simulation of perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04466.pdf)
>  This article proposes an architecture, which allows the prediction of intention by internally simulating perceptual states represented by action pattern vectors. To this end, associative self-organising neural networks (A-SOM) is utilised to build a hierarchical cognitive architecture for recognition and simulation of the skeleton based human actions. The abilities of the proposed architecture in recognising and predicting actions is evaluated in experiments using three different datasets of 3D actions. Based on the experiments of this article, applying internally simulated perceptual states represented by action pattern vectors improves the performance of the recognition task in all experiments. Furthermore, internal simulation of perception addresses the problem of having limited access to the sensory input, and also the future prediction of the consecutive perceptual sequences. The performance of the system is compared and discussed with similar architecture using self-organizing neural networks (SOM).      
### 30.Can Open Domain Question Answering Systems Answer Visual Knowledge Questions?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04306.pdf)
>  The task of Outside Knowledge Visual Question Answering (OKVQA) requires an automatic system to answer natural language questions about pictures and images using external knowledge. We observe that many visual questions, which contain deictic referential phrases referring to entities in the image, can be rewritten as "non-grounded" questions and can be answered by existing text-based question answering systems. This allows for the reuse of existing text-based Open Domain Question Answering (QA) Systems for visual question answering. In this work, we propose a potentially data-efficient approach that reuses existing systems for (a) image analysis, (b) question rewriting, and (c) text-based question answering to answer such visual questions. Given an image and a question pertaining to that image (a visual question), we first extract the entities present in the image using pre-trained object and scene classifiers. Using these detected entities, the visual questions can be rewritten so as to be answerable by open domain QA systems. We explore two rewriting strategies: (1) an unsupervised method using BERT for masking and rewriting, and (2) a weakly supervised approach that combines adaptive rewriting and reinforcement learning techniques to use the implicit feedback from the QA system. We test our strategies on the publicly available OKVQA dataset and obtain a competitive performance with state-of-the-art models while using only 10% of the training data.      
### 31.Image Difference Captioning with Pre-training and Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04298.pdf)
>  The Image Difference Captioning (IDC) task aims to describe the visual differences between two similar images with natural language. The major challenges of this task lie in two aspects: 1) fine-grained visual differences that require learning stronger vision and language association and 2) high-cost of manual annotations that leads to limited supervised data. To address these challenges, we propose a new modeling framework following the pre-training-finetuning paradigm. Specifically, we design three self-supervised tasks and contrastive learning strategies to align visual differences and text descriptions at a fine-grained level. Moreover, we propose a data expansion strategy to utilize extra cross-task supervision information, such as data for fine-grained image classification, to alleviate the limitation of available supervised IDC data. Extensive experiments on two IDC benchmark datasets, CLEVR-Change and Birds-to-Words, demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed modeling framework. The codes and models will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yaolinli/IDC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Federated Learning of Generative Image Priors for MRI Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04175.pdf)
>  Multi-institutional efforts can facilitate training of deep MRI reconstruction models, albeit privacy risks arise during cross-site sharing of imaging data. Federated learning (FL) has recently been introduced to address privacy concerns by enabling distributed training without transfer of imaging data. Existing FL methods for MRI reconstruction employ conditional models to map from undersampled to fully-sampled acquisitions via explicit knowledge of the imaging operator. Since conditional models generalize poorly across different acceleration rates or sampling densities, imaging operators must be fixed between training and testing, and they are typically matched across sites. To improve generalization and flexibility in multi-institutional collaborations, here we introduce a novel method for MRI reconstruction based on Federated learning of Generative IMage Priors (FedGIMP). FedGIMP leverages a two-stage approach: cross-site learning of a generative MRI prior, and subject-specific injection of the imaging operator. The global MRI prior is learned via an unconditional adversarial model that synthesizes high-quality MR images based on latent variables. Specificity in the prior is preserved via a mapper subnetwork that produces site-specific latents. During inference, the prior is combined with subject-specific imaging operators to enable reconstruction, and further adapted to individual test samples by minimizing data-consistency loss. Comprehensive experiments on multi-institutional datasets clearly demonstrate enhanced generalization performance of FedGIMP against site-specific and federated methods based on conditional models, as well as traditional reconstruction methods.      
### 33.Cross-level Contrastive Learning and Consistency Constraint for Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04074.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning (SSL), which aims at leveraging a few labeled images and a large number of unlabeled images for network training, is beneficial for relieving the burden of data annotation in medical image segmentation. According to the experience of medical imaging experts, local attributes such as texture, luster and smoothness are very important factors for identifying target objects like lesions and polyps in medical images. Motivated by this, we propose a cross-level constrastive learning scheme to enhance representation capacity for local features in semi-supervised medical image segmentation. Compared to existing image-wise, patch-wise and point-wise constrastive learning algorithms, our devised method is capable of exploring more complex similarity cues, namely the relational characteristics between global point-wise and local patch-wise representations. Additionally, for fully making use of cross-level semantic relations, we devise a novel consistency constraint that compares the predictions of patches against those of the full image. With the help of the cross-level contrastive learning and consistency constraint, the unlabelled data can be effectively explored to improve segmentation performance on two medical image datasets for polyp and skin lesion segmentation respectively. Code of our approach is available.      
### 34.The EMory BrEast imaging Dataset (EMBED): A Racially Diverse, Granular Dataset of 3.5M Screening and Diagnostic Mammograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04073.pdf)
>  Developing and validating artificial intelligence models in medical imaging requires datasets that are large, granular, and diverse. To date, the majority of publicly available breast imaging datasets lack in one or more of these areas. Models trained on these data may therefore underperform on patient populations or pathologies that have not previously been encountered. The EMory BrEast imaging Dataset (EMBED) addresses these gaps by providing 3650,000 2D and DBT screening and diagnostic mammograms for 116,000 women divided equally between White and African American patients. The dataset also contains 40,000 annotated lesions linked to structured imaging descriptors and 61 ground truth pathologic outcomes grouped into six severity classes. Our goal is to share this dataset with research partners to aid in development and validation of breast AI models that will serve all patients fairly and help decrease bias in medical AI.      
### 35.Latent gaze information in highly dynamic decision-tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.04072.pdf)
>  Digitization is penetrating more and more areas of life. Tasks are increasingly being completed digitally, and are therefore not only fulfilled faster, more efficiently but also more purposefully and successfully. The rapid developments in the field of artificial intelligence in recent years have played a major role in this, as they brought up many helpful approaches to build on. At the same time, the eyes, their movements, and the meaning of these movements are being progressively researched. The combination of these developments has led to exciting approaches. In this dissertation, I present some of these approaches which I worked on during my Ph.D. <br>First, I provide insight into the development of models that use artificial intelligence to connect eye movements with visual expertise. This is demonstrated for two domains or rather groups of people: athletes in decision-making actions and surgeons in arthroscopic procedures. The resulting models can be considered as digital diagnostic models for automatic expertise recognition. Furthermore, I show approaches that investigate the transferability of eye movement patterns to different expertise domains and subsequently, important aspects of techniques for generalization. Finally, I address the temporal detection of confusion based on eye movement data. The results suggest the use of the resulting model as a clock signal for possible digital assistance options in the training of young professionals. An interesting aspect of my research is that I was able to draw on very valuable data from DFB youth elite athletes as well as on long-standing experts in arthroscopy. In particular, the work with the DFB data attracted the interest of radio and print media, namely DeutschlandFunk Nova and SWR DasDing. All resulting articles presented here have been published in internationally renowned journals or at conferences.      
### 36.Graph-Relational Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03628.pdf)
>  Existing domain adaptation methods tend to treat every domain equally and align them all perfectly. Such uniform alignment ignores topological structures among different domains; therefore it may be beneficial for nearby domains, but not necessarily for distant domains. In this work, we relax such uniform alignment by using a domain graph to encode domain adjacency, e.g., a graph of states in the US with each state as a domain and each edge indicating adjacency, thereby allowing domains to align flexibly based on the graph structure. We generalize the existing adversarial learning framework with a novel graph discriminator using encoding-conditioned graph embeddings. Theoretical analysis shows that at equilibrium, our method recovers classic domain adaptation when the graph is a clique, and achieves non-trivial alignment for other types of graphs. Empirical results show that our approach successfully generalizes uniform alignment, naturally incorporates domain information represented by graphs, and improves upon existing domain adaptation methods on both synthetic and real-world datasets. Code will soon be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Wang-ML-Lab/GRDA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
