# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 7 Feb 2022
### 1.Webly Supervised Concept Expansion for General Purpose Vision Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02317.pdf)
>  General purpose vision (GPV) systems are models that are designed to solve a wide array of visual tasks without requiring architectural changes. Today, GPVs primarily learn both skills and concepts from large fully supervised datasets. Scaling GPVs to tens of thousands of concepts by acquiring data to learn each concept for every skill quickly becomes prohibitive. This work presents an effective and inexpensive alternative: learn skills from fully supervised datasets, learn concepts from web image search results, and leverage a key characteristic of GPVs -- the ability to transfer visual knowledge across skills. We use a dataset of 1M+ images spanning 10k+ visual concepts to demonstrate webly-supervised concept expansion for two existing GPVs (GPV-1 and VL-T5) on 3 benchmarks - 5 COCO based datasets (80 primary concepts), a newly curated series of 5 datasets based on the OpenImages and VisualGenome repositories (~500 concepts) and the Web-derived dataset (10k+ concepts). We also propose a new architecture, GPV-2 that supports a variety of tasks -- from vision tasks like classification and localization to vision+language tasks like QA and captioning to more niche ones like human-object interaction recognition. GPV-2 benefits hugely from web data, outperforms GPV-1 and VL-T5 across these benchmarks, and does well in a 0-shot setting at action and attribute recognition.      
### 2.Towards To-a-T Spatio-Temporal Focus for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02314.pdf)
>  Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) have been widely used to model the high-order dynamic dependencies for skeleton-based action recognition. Most existing approaches do not explicitly embed the high-order spatio-temporal importance to joints' spatial connection topology and intensity, and they do not have direct objectives on their attention module to jointly learn when and where to focus on in the action sequence. To address these problems, we propose the To-a-T Spatio-Temporal Focus (STF), a skeleton-based action recognition framework that utilizes the spatio-temporal gradient to focus on relevant spatio-temporal features. We first propose the STF modules with learnable gradient-enforced and instance-dependent adjacency matrices to model the high-order spatio-temporal dynamics. Second, we propose three loss terms defined on the gradient-based spatio-temporal focus to explicitly guide the classifier when and where to look at, distinguish confusing classes, and optimize the stacked STF modules. STF outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on the NTU RGB+D 60, NTU RGB+D 120, and Kinetics Skeleton 400 datasets in all 15 settings over different views, subjects, setups, and input modalities, and STF also shows better accuracy on scarce data and dataset shifting settings.      
### 3.Multi-task head pose estimation in-the-wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02299.pdf)
>  We present a deep learning-based multi-task approach for head pose estimation in images. We contribute with a network architecture and training strategy that harness the strong dependencies among face pose, alignment and visibility, to produce a top performing model for all three tasks. Our architecture is an encoder-decoder CNN with residual blocks and lateral skip connections. We show that the combination of head pose estimation and landmark-based face alignment significantly improve the performance of the former task. Further, the location of the pose task at the bottleneck layer, at the end of the encoder, and that of tasks depending on spatial information, such as visibility and alignment, in the final decoder layer, also contribute to increase the final performance. In the experiments conducted the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art in the face pose and visibility tasks. By including a final landmark regression step it also produces face alignment results on par with the state-of-the-art.      
### 4.Iterative Self Knowledge Distillation -- From Pothole Classification to Fine-Grained and COVID Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02265.pdf)
>  Pothole classification has become an important task for road inspection vehicles to save drivers from potential car accidents and repair bills. Given the limited computational power and fixed number of training epochs, we propose iterative self knowledge distillation (ISKD) to train lightweight pothole classifiers. Designed to improve both the teacher and student models over time in knowledge distillation, ISKD outperforms the state-of-the-art self knowledge distillation method on three pothole classification datasets across four lightweight network architectures, which supports that self knowledge distillation should be done iteratively instead of just once. The accuracy relation between the teacher and student models shows that the student model can still benefit from a moderately trained teacher model. Implying that better teacher models generally produce better student models, our results justify the design of ISKD. In addition to pothole classification, we also demonstrate the efficacy of ISKD on six additional datasets associated with generic classification, fine-grained classification, and medical imaging application, which supports that ISKD can serve as a general-purpose performance booster without the need of a given teacher model and extra trainable parameters.      
### 5.Bootstrapped Representation Learning for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02232.pdf)
>  In this work, we study self-supervised representation learning for 3D skeleton-based action recognition. We extend Bootstrap Your Own Latent (BYOL) for representation learning on skeleton sequence data and propose a new data augmentation strategy including two asymmetric transformation pipelines. We also introduce a multi-viewpoint sampling method that leverages multiple viewing angles of the same action captured by different cameras. In the semi-supervised setting, we show that the performance can be further improved by knowledge distillation from wider networks, leveraging once more the unlabeled samples. We conduct extensive experiments on the NTU-60 and NTU-120 datasets to demonstrate the performance of our proposed method. Our method consistently outperforms the current state of the art on both linear evaluation and semi-supervised benchmarks.      
### 6.Video Violence Recognition and Localization using a Semi-Supervised Hard-Attention Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02212.pdf)
>  Empowering automated violence monitoring and surveillance systems amid the growing social violence and extremist activities worldwide could keep communities safe and save lives. The questionable reliability of human monitoring personnel and the increasing number of surveillance cameras makes automated artificial intelligence-based solutions compelling. Improving the current state-of-the-art deep learning approaches to video violence recognition to higher levels of accuracy and performance could enable surveillance systems to be more reliable and scalable. The main contribution of the proposed deep reinforcement learning method is to achieve state-of-the-art accuracy on RWF, Hockey, and Movies datasets while removing some of the computationally expensive processes and input features used in the previous solutions. The implementation of hard attention using a semi-supervised learning method made the proposed method capable of rough violence localization and added increased agent interpretability to the violence detection system.      
### 7.Learning with Neighbor Consistency for Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02200.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning have relied on large, labelled datasets to train high-capacity models. However, collecting large datasets in a time- and cost-efficient manner often results in label noise. We present a method for learning from noisy labels that leverages similarities between training examples in feature space, encouraging the prediction of each example to be similar to its nearest neighbours. Compared to training algorithms that use multiple models or distinct stages, our approach takes the form of a simple, additional regularization term. It can be interpreted as an inductive version of the classical, transductive label propagation algorithm. We thoroughly evaluate our method on datasets evaluating both synthetic (CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100) and realistic (mini-WebVision, Clothing1M, mini-ImageNet-Red) noise, and achieve competitive or state-of-the-art accuracies across all of them.      
### 8.Feature-Style Encoder for Style-Based GAN Inversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02183.pdf)
>  We propose a novel architecture for GAN inversion, which we call Feature-Style encoder. The style encoder is key for the manipulation of the obtained latent codes, while the feature encoder is crucial for optimal image reconstruction. Our model achieves accurate inversion of real images from the latent space of a pre-trained style-based GAN model, obtaining better perceptual quality and lower reconstruction error than existing methods. Thanks to its encoder structure, the model allows fast and accurate image editing. Additionally, we demonstrate that the proposed encoder is especially well-suited for inversion and editing on videos. We conduct extensive experiments for several style-based generators pre-trained on different data domains. Our proposed method yields state-of-the-art results for style-based GAN inversion, significantly outperforming competing approaches. Source codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/InterDigitalInc/FeatureStyleEncoder" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 9.NeAT: Neural Adaptive Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02171.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present Neural Adaptive Tomography (NeAT), the first adaptive, hierarchical neural rendering pipeline for multi-view inverse rendering. Through a combination of neural features with an adaptive explicit representation, we achieve reconstruction times far superior to existing neural inverse rendering methods. The adaptive explicit representation improves efficiency by facilitating empty space culling and concentrating samples in complex regions, while the neural features act as a neural regularizer for the 3D reconstruction. The NeAT framework is designed specifically for the tomographic setting, which consists only of semi-transparent volumetric scenes instead of opaque objects. In this setting, NeAT outperforms the quality of existing optimization-based tomography solvers while being substantially faster.      
### 10.Edge-Selective Feature Weaving for Point Cloud Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02149.pdf)
>  This paper tackles the problem of accurately matching the points of two 3D point clouds. Most conventional methods improve their performance by extracting representative features from each point via deep-learning-based algorithms. On the other hand, the correspondence calculation between the extracted features has not been examined in depth, and non-trainable algorithms (e.g. the Sinkhorn algorithm) are frequently applied. As a result, the extracted features may be forcibly fitted to a non-trainable algorithm. Furthermore, the extracted features frequently contain stochastically unavoidable errors, which degrades the matching accuracy. In this paper, instead of using a non-trainable algorithm, we propose a differentiable matching network that can be jointly optimized with the feature extraction procedure. Our network first constructs graphs with edges connecting the points of each point cloud and then extracts discriminative edge features by using two main components: a shared set-encoder and an edge-selective cross-concatenation. These components enable us to symmetrically consider two point clouds and to extract discriminative edge features, respectively. By using the extracted discriminative edge features, our network can accurately calculate the correspondence between points. Our experimental results show that the proposed network can significantly improve the performance of point cloud matching. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yanarin/ESFW" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 11.CGS-Net: Aggregating Colour, Geometry and Semantic Features for Large-Scale Indoor Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02070.pdf)
>  We describe an approach to large-scale indoor place recognition that aggregates low-level colour and geometric features with high-level semantic features. We use a deep learning network that takes in RGB point clouds and extracts local features with five 3-D kernel point convolutional (KPConv) layers. We specifically train the KPConv layers on the semantic segmentation task to ensure that the extracted local features are semantically meaningful. Then, feature maps from all the five KPConv layers are concatenated together and fed into the NetVLAD layer to generate the global descriptors. The approach is trained and evaluated using a large-scale indoor place recognition dataset derived from the ScanNet dataset, with a test set comprising 3,608 point clouds generated from 100 different rooms. Comparison with a traditional feature based method and three state-of-the-art deep learning methods demonstrate that the approach significantly outperforms all four methods, achieving, for example, a top-3 average recall rate of 75% compared with 41% for the closest rival method.      
### 12.Color Image Inpainting via Robust Pure Quaternion Matrix Completion: Error Bound and Weighted Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02063.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study color image inpainting as a pure quaternion matrix completion problem. In the literature, the theoretical guarantee for quaternion matrix completion is not well-established. Our main aim is to propose a new minimization problem with an objective combining nuclear norm and a quadratic loss weighted among three channels. To fill the theoretical vacancy, we obtain the error bound in both clean and corrupted regimes, which relies on some new results of quaternion matrices. A general Gaussian noise is considered in robust completion where all observations are corrupted. Motivated by the error bound, we propose to handle unbalanced or correlated noise via a cross-channel weight in the quadratic loss, with the main purpose of rebalancing noise level, or removing noise correlation. Extensive experimental results on synthetic and color image data are presented to confirm and demonstrate our theoretical findings.      
### 13.Image-to-Image MLP-mixer for Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02018.pdf)
>  Neural networks are highly effective tools for image reconstruction problems such as denoising and compressive sensing. To date, neural networks for image reconstruction are almost exclusively convolutional. The most popular architecture is the U-Net, a convolutional network with a multi-resolution architecture. In this work, we show that a simple network based on the multi-layer perceptron (MLP)-mixer enables state-of-the art image reconstruction performance without convolutions and without a multi-resolution architecture, provided that the training set and the size of the network are moderately large. Similar to the original MLP-mixer, the image-to-image MLP-mixer is based exclusively on MLPs operating on linearly-transformed image patches. Contrary to the original MLP-mixer, we incorporate structure by retaining the relative positions of the image patches. This imposes an inductive bias towards natural images which enables the image-to-image MLP-mixer to learn to denoise images based on fewer examples than the original MLP-mixer. Moreover, the image-to-image MLP-mixer requires fewer parameters to achieve the same denoising performance than the U-Net and its parameters scale linearly in the image resolution instead of quadratically as for the original MLP-mixer. If trained on a moderate amount of examples for denoising, the image-to-image MLP-mixer outperforms the U-Net by a slight margin. It also outperforms the vision transformer tailored for image reconstruction and classical un-trained methods such as BM3D, making it a very effective tool for image reconstruction problems.      
### 14.The devil is in the labels: Semantic segmentation from sentences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02002.pdf)
>  We propose an approach to semantic segmentation that achieves state-of-the-art supervised performance when applied in a zero-shot setting. It thus achieves results equivalent to those of the supervised methods, on each of the major semantic segmentation datasets, without training on those datasets. This is achieved by replacing each class label with a vector-valued embedding of a short paragraph that describes the class. The generality and simplicity of this approach enables merging multiple datasets from different domains, each with varying class labels and semantics. The resulting merged semantic segmentation dataset of over 2 Million images enables training a model that achieves performance equal to that of state-of-the-art supervised methods on 7 benchmark datasets, despite not using any images therefrom. By fine-tuning the model on standard semantic segmentation datasets, we also achieve a significant improvement over the state-of-the-art supervised segmentation on NYUD-V2 and PASCAL-context at 60% and 65% mIoU, respectively. Based on the closeness of language embeddings, our method can even segment unseen labels. Extensive experiments demonstrate strong generalization to unseen image domains and unseen labels, and that the method enables impressive performance improvements in downstream applications, including depth estimation and instance segmentation.      
### 15.Neural Dual Contouring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01999.pdf)
>  We introduce neural dual contouring (NDC), a new data-driven approach to mesh reconstruction based on dual contouring (DC). Like traditional DC, it produces exactly one vertex per grid cell and one quad for each grid edge intersection, a natural and efficient structure for reproducing sharp features. However, rather than computing vertex locations and edge crossings with hand-crafted functions that depend directly on difficult-to-obtain surface gradients, NDC uses a neural network to predict them. As a result, NDC can be trained to produce meshes from signed or unsigned distance fields, binary voxel grids, or point clouds (with or without normals); and it can produce open surfaces in cases where the input represents a sheet or partial surface. During experiments with five prominent datasets, we find that NDC, when trained on one of the datasets, generalizes well to the others. Furthermore, NDC provides better surface reconstruction accuracy, feature preservation, output complexity, triangle quality, and inference time in comparison to previous learned (e.g., neural marching cubes, convolutional occupancy networks) and traditional (e.g., Poisson) methods.      
### 16.Grounding Answers for Visual Questions Asked by Visually Impaired People  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01993.pdf)
>  Visual question answering is the task of answering questions about images. We introduce the VizWiz-VQA-Grounding dataset, the first dataset that visually grounds answers to visual questions asked by people with visual impairments. We analyze our dataset and compare it with five VQA-Grounding datasets to demonstrate what makes it similar and different. We then evaluate the SOTA VQA and VQA-Grounding models and demonstrate that current SOTA algorithms often fail to identify the correct visual evidence where the answer is located. These models regularly struggle when the visual evidence occupies a small fraction of the image, for images that are higher quality, as well as for visual questions that require skills in text recognition. The dataset, evaluation server, and leaderboard all can be found at the following link: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vizwiz.org/tasks-and-datasets/answer-grounding-for-vqa/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.Projection-based Point Convolution for Efficient Point Cloud Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01991.pdf)
>  Understanding point cloud has recently gained huge interests following the development of 3D scanning devices and the accumulation of large-scale 3D data. Most point cloud processing algorithms can be classified as either point-based or voxel-based methods, both of which have severe limitations in processing time or memory, or both. To overcome these limitations, we propose Projection-based Point Convolution (PPConv), a point convolutional module that uses 2D convolutions and multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs) as its components. In PPConv, point features are processed through two branches: point branch and projection branch. Point branch consists of MLPs, while projection branch transforms point features into a 2D feature map and then apply 2D convolutions. As PPConv does not use point-based or voxel-based convolutions, it has advantages in fast point cloud processing. When combined with a learnable projection and effective feature fusion strategy, PPConv achieves superior efficiency compared to state-of-the-art methods, even with a simple architecture based on PointNet++. We demonstrate the efficiency of PPConv in terms of the trade-off between inference time and segmentation performance. The experimental results on S3DIS and ShapeNetPart show that PPConv is the most efficient method among the compared ones. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/pahn04/PPConv" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 18.Advances in MetaDL: AAAI 2021 challenge and workshop  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01890.pdf)
>  To stimulate advances in metalearning using deep learning techniques (MetaDL), we organized in 2021 a challenge and an associated workshop. This paper presents the design of the challenge and its results, and summarizes presentations made at the workshop. The challenge focused on few-shot learning classification tasks of small images. Participants' code submissions were run in a uniform manner, under tight computational constraints. This put pressure on solution designs to use existing architecture backbones and/or pre-trained networks. Winning methods featured various classifiers trained on top of the second last layer of popular CNN backbones, fined-tuned on the meta-training data (not necessarily in an episodic manner), then trained on the labeled support and tested on the unlabeled query sets of the meta-test data.      
### 19.Research on Patch Attentive Neural Process  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01884.pdf)
>  Attentive Neural Process (ANP) improves the fitting ability of Neural Process (NP) and improves its prediction accuracy, but the higher time complexity of the model imposes a limitation on the length of the input sequence. Inspired by models such as Vision Transformer (ViT) and Masked Auto-Encoder (MAE), we propose Patch Attentive Neural Process (PANP) using image patches as input and improve the structure of deterministic paths based on ANP, which allows the model to extract image features more accurately and efficiently reconstruction.      
### 20.HRBF-Fusion: Accurate 3D reconstruction from RGB-D data using on-the-fly implicits  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01829.pdf)
>  Reconstruction of high-fidelity 3D objects or scenes is a fundamental research problem. Recent advances in RGB-D fusion have demonstrated the potential of producing 3D models from consumer-level RGB-D cameras. However, due to the discrete nature and limited resolution of their surface representations (e.g., point- or voxel-based), existing approaches suffer from the accumulation of errors in camera tracking and distortion in the reconstruction, which leads to an unsatisfactory 3D reconstruction. In this paper, we present a method using on-the-fly implicits of Hermite Radial Basis Functions (HRBFs) as a continuous surface representation for camera tracking in an existing RGB-D fusion framework. Furthermore, curvature estimation and confidence evaluation are coherently derived from the inherent surface properties of the on-the-fly HRBF implicits, which devote to a data fusion with better quality. We argue that our continuous but on-the-fly surface representation can effectively mitigate the impact of noise with its robustness and constrain the reconstruction with inherent surface smoothness when being compared with discrete representations. Experimental results on various real-world and synthetic datasets demonstrate that our HRBF-fusion outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches in terms of tracking robustness and reconstruction accuracy.      
### 21.Danish Airs and Grounds: A Dataset for Aerial-to-Street-Level Place Recognition and Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01821.pdf)
>  Place recognition and visual localization are particularly challenging in wide baseline configurations. In this paper, we contribute with the \emph{Danish Airs and Grounds} (DAG) dataset, a large collection of street-level and aerial images targeting such cases. Its main challenge lies in the extreme viewing-angle difference between query and reference images with consequent changes in illumination and perspective. The dataset is larger and more diverse than current publicly available data, including more than 50 km of road in urban, suburban and rural areas. All images are associated with accurate 6-DoF metadata that allows the benchmarking of visual localization methods. <br>We also propose a map-to-image re-localization pipeline, that first estimates a dense 3D reconstruction from the aerial images and then matches query street-level images to street-level renderings of the 3D model. The dataset can be downloaded at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://frederikwarburg.github.io/DAG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 22.ObjectSeeker: Certifiably Robust Object Detection against Patch Hiding Attacks via Patch-agnostic Masking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01811.pdf)
>  Object detectors, which are widely deployed in security-critical systems such as autonomous vehicles, have been found vulnerable to physical-world patch hiding attacks. The attacker can use a single physically-realizable adversarial patch to make the object detector miss the detection of victim objects and completely undermines the functionality of object detection applications. In this paper, we propose ObjectSeeker as a defense framework for building certifiably robust object detectors against patch hiding attacks. The core operation of ObjectSeeker is patch-agnostic masking: we aim to mask out the entire adversarial patch without any prior knowledge of the shape, size, and location of the patch. This masking operation neutralizes the adversarial effect and allows any vanilla object detector to safely detect objects on the masked images. Remarkably, we develop a certification procedure to determine if ObjectSeeker can detect certain objects with a provable guarantee against any adaptive attacker within the threat model. Our evaluation with two object detectors and three datasets demonstrates a significant (~10%-40% absolute and ~2-6x relative) improvement in certified robustness over the prior work, as well as high clean performance (~1% performance drop compared with vanilla undefended models).      
### 23.Deep Surface Reconstruction from Point Clouds with Visibility Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01810.pdf)
>  Most current neural networks for reconstructing surfaces from point clouds ignore sensor poses and only operate on raw point locations. Sensor visibility, however, holds meaningful information regarding space occupancy and surface orientation. In this paper, we present two simple ways to augment raw point clouds with visibility information, so it can directly be leveraged by surface reconstruction networks with minimal adaptation. Our proposed modifications consistently improve the accuracy of generated surfaces as well as the generalization ability of the networks to unseen shape domains. Our code and data is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/raphaelsulzer/dsrv-data" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Predicting the impact of urban change in pedestrian and road safety  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01781.pdf)
>  Increased interaction between and among pedestrians and vehicles in the crowded urban environments of today gives rise to a negative side-effect: a growth in traffic accidents, with pedestrians being the most vulnerable elements. Recent work has shown that Convolutional Neural Networks are able to accurately predict accident rates exploiting Street View imagery along urban roads. The promising results point to the plausibility of aided design of safe urban landscapes, for both pedestrians and vehicles. In this paper, by considering historical accident data and Street View images, we detail how to automatically predict the impact (increase or decrease) of urban interventions on accident incidence. The results are positive, rendering an accuracies ranging from 60 to 80%. We additionally provide an interpretability analysis to unveil which specific categories of urban features impact accident rates positively or negatively. Considering the transportation network substrates (sidewalk and road networks) and their demand, we integrate these results to a complex network framework, to estimate the effective impact of urban change on the safety of pedestrians and vehicles. Results show that public authorities may leverage on machine learning tools to prioritize targeted interventions, since our analysis show that limited improvement is obtained with current tools. Further, our findings have a wider application range such as the design of safe urban routes for pedestrians or to the field of driver-assistance technologies.      
### 25.Interactive Mobile App Navigation with Uncertain or Under-specified Natural Language Commands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02312.pdf)
>  We introduce Mobile app Tasks with Iterative Feedback (MoTIF), a new dataset where the goal is to complete a natural language query in a mobile app. Current datasets for related tasks in interactive question answering, visual common sense reasoning, and question-answer plausibility prediction do not support research in resolving ambiguous natural language requests or operating in diverse digital domains. As a result, they fail to capture complexities of real question answering or interactive tasks. In contrast, MoTIF contains natural language requests that are not satisfiable, the first such work to investigate this issue for interactive vision-language tasks. MoTIF also contains follow up questions for ambiguous queries to enable research on task uncertainty resolution. We introduce task feasibility prediction and propose an initial model which obtains an F1 score of 61.1. We next benchmark task automation with our dataset and find adaptations of prior work perform poorly due to our realistic language requests, obtaining an accuracy of only 20.2% when mapping commands to grounded actions. We analyze performance and gain insight for future work that may bridge the gap between current model ability and what is needed for successful use in application.      
### 26.Quality Assessment of Low Light Restored Images: A Subjective Study and an Unsupervised Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02277.pdf)
>  The quality assessment (QA) of restored low light images is an important tool for benchmarking and improving low light restoration (LLR) algorithms. While several LLR algorithms exist, the subjective perception of the restored images has been much less studied. Challenges in capturing aligned low light and well-lit image pairs and collecting a large number of human opinion scores of quality for training, warrant the design of unsupervised (or opinion unaware) no-reference (NR) QA methods. This work studies the subjective perception of low light restored images and their unsupervised NR QA. Our contributions are two-fold. We first create a dataset of restored low light images using various LLR methods, conduct a subjective QA study and benchmark the performance of existing QA methods. We then present a self-supervised contrastive learning technique to extract distortion aware features from the restored low light images. We show that these features can be effectively used to build an opinion unaware image quality analyzer. Detailed experiments reveal that our unsupervised NR QA model achieves state-of-the-art performance among all such quality measures for low light restored images.      
### 27.Personalized visual encoding model construction with small data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02245.pdf)
>  Encoding models that predict brain response patterns to stimuli are one way to capture this relationship between variability in bottom-up neural systems and individual's behavior or pathological state. However, they generally need a large amount of training data to achieve optimal accuracy. Here, we propose and test an alternative personalized ensemble encoding model approach to utilize existing encoding models, to create encoding models for novel individuals with relatively little stimuli-response data. We show that these personalized ensemble encoding models trained with small amounts of data for a specific individual, i.e. ~400 image-response pairs, achieve accuracy not different from models trained on ~24,000 image-response pairs for the same individual. Importantly, the personalized ensemble encoding models preserve patterns of inter-individual variability in the image-response relationship. Additionally, we use our personalized ensemble encoding model within the recently developed NeuroGen framework to generate optimal stimuli designed to maximize specific regions' activations for a specific individual. We show that the inter-individual differences in face area responses to images of dog vs human faces observed previously is replicated using NeuroGen with the ensemble encoding model. Finally, and most importantly, we show the proposed approach is robust against domain shift by validating on a prospectively collected set of image-response data in novel individuals with a different scanner and experimental setup. Our approach shows the potential to use previously collected, deeply sampled data to efficiently create accurate, personalized encoding models and, subsequently, personalized optimal synthetic images for new individuals scanned under different experimental conditions.      
### 28.Heed the Noise in Performance Evaluations in Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02078.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has recently become a topic of great interest. However, there is a potentially impactful issue within NAS that remains largely unrecognized: noise. Due to stochastic factors in neural network initialization, training, and the chosen train/validation dataset split, the performance evaluation of a neural network architecture, which is often based on a single learning run, is also stochastic. This may have a particularly large impact if a dataset is small. We therefore propose to reduce the noise by having architecture evaluations comprise averaging of scores over multiple network training runs using different random seeds and cross-validation. We perform experiments for a combinatorial optimization formulation of NAS in which we vary noise reduction levels. We use the same computational budget for each noise level in terms of network training runs, i.e., we allow less architecture evaluations when averaging over more training runs. Multiple search algorithms are considered, including evolutionary algorithms which generally perform well for NAS. We use two publicly available datasets from the medical image segmentation domain where datasets are often limited and variability among samples is often high. Our results show that reducing noise in architecture evaluations enables finding better architectures by all considered search algorithms.      
### 29.Cross-Modality Multi-Atlas Segmentation Using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02000.pdf)
>  Multi-atlas segmentation (MAS) is a promising framework for medical image segmentation. Generally, MAS methods register multiple atlases, i.e., medical images with corresponding labels, to a target image; and the transformed atlas labels can be combined to generate target segmentation via label fusion schemes. Many conventional MAS methods employed the atlases from the same modality as the target image. However, the number of atlases with the same modality may be limited or even missing in many clinical applications. Besides, conventional MAS methods suffer from the computational burden of registration or label fusion procedures. In this work, we design a novel cross-modality MAS framework, which uses available atlases from a certain modality to segment a target image from another modality. To boost the computational efficiency of the framework, both the image registration and label fusion are achieved by well-designed deep neural networks. For the atlas-to-target image registration, we propose a bi-directional registration network (BiRegNet), which can efficiently align images from different modalities. For the label fusion, we design a similarity estimation network (SimNet), which estimates the fusion weight of each atlas by measuring its similarity to the target image. SimNet can learn multi-scale information for similarity estimation to improve the performance of label fusion. The proposed framework was evaluated by the left ventricle and liver segmentation tasks on the MM-WHS and CHAOS datasets, respectively. Results have shown that the framework is effective for cross-modality MAS in both registration and label fusion. The code will be released publicly on \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NanYoMy/cmmas" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} once the manuscript is accepted.      
### 30.Modified ResNet Model for MSI and MSS Classification of Gastrointestinal Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01905.pdf)
>  In this work, a modified ResNet model is proposed for the classification of Microsatellite instability(MSI) and Microsatellite stability(MSS) of gastrointestinal cancer. The performance of this model is analyzed and compared with existing models. The proposed model surpassed the existing models with an accuracy of 0.8981 and F1 score of 0.9178.      
### 31.Enhancing Organ at Risk Segmentation with Improved Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01866.pdf)
>  Organ at risk (OAR) segmentation is a crucial step for treatment planning and outcome determination in radiotherapy treatments of cancer patients. Several deep learning based segmentation algorithms have been developed in recent years, however, U-Net remains the de facto algorithm designed specifically for biomedical image segmentation and has spawned many variants with known weaknesses. In this study, our goal is to present simple architectural changes in U-Net to improve its accuracy and generalization properties. Unlike many other available studies evaluating their algorithms on single center data, we thoroughly evaluate several variations of U-Net as well as our proposed enhanced architecture on multiple data sets for an extensive and reliable study of the OAR segmentation problem. Our enhanced segmentation model includes (a)architectural changes in the loss function, (b)optimization framework, and (c)convolution type. Testing on three publicly available multi-object segmentation data sets, we achieved an average of 80% dice score compared to the baseline U-Net performance of 63%.      
### 32.Best Practices and Scoring System on Reviewing A.I. based Medical Imaging Papers: Part 1 Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01863.pdf)
>  With the recent advances in A.I. methodologies and their application to medical imaging, there has been an explosion of related research programs utilizing these techniques to produce state-of-the-art classification performance. Ultimately, these research programs culminate in submission of their work for consideration in peer reviewed journals. To date, the criteria for acceptance vs. rejection is often subjective; however, reproducible science requires reproducible review. The Machine Learning Education Sub-Committee of SIIM has identified a knowledge gap and a serious need to establish guidelines for reviewing these studies. Although there have been several recent papers with this goal, this present work is written from the machine learning practitioners standpoint. In this series, the committee will address the best practices to be followed in an A.I.-based study and present the required sections in terms of examples and discussion of what should be included to make the studies cohesive, reproducible, accurate, and self-contained. This first entry in the series focuses on the task of image classification. Elements such as dataset curation, data pre-processing steps, defining an appropriate reference standard, data partitioning, model architecture and training are discussed. The sections are presented as they would be detailed in a typical manuscript, with content describing the necessary information that should be included to make sure the study is of sufficient quality to be considered for publication. The goal of this series is to provide resources to not only help improve the review process for A.I.-based medical imaging papers, but to facilitate a standard for the information that is presented within all components of the research study. We hope to provide quantitative metrics in what otherwise may be a qualitative review process.      
### 33.Brain Cancer Survival Prediction on Treatment-na ive MRI using Deep Anchor Attention Learning with Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01857.pdf)
>  Image-based brain cancer prediction models, based on radiomics, quantify the radiologic phenotype from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). However, these features are difficult to reproduce because of variability in acquisition and preprocessing pipelines. Despite evidence of intra-tumor phenotypic heterogeneity, the spatial diversity between different slices within an MRI scan has been relatively unexplored using such methods. In this work, we propose a deep anchor attention aggregation strategy with a Vision Transformer to predict survival risk for brain cancer patients. A Deep Anchor Attention Learning (DAAL) algorithm is proposed to assign different weights to slice-level representations with trainable distance measurements. We evaluated our method on N = 326 MRIs. Our results outperformed attention multiple instance learning-based techniques. DAAL highlights the importance of critical slices and corroborates the clinical intuition that inter-slice spatial diversity can reflect disease severity and is implicated in outcome.      
### 34.SAFE-OCC: A Novelty Detection Framework for Convolutional Neural Network Sensors and its Application in Process Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01816.pdf)
>  We present a novelty detection framework for Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) sensors that we call Sensor-Activated Feature Extraction One-Class Classification (SAFE-OCC). We show that this framework enables the safe use of computer vision sensors in process control architectures. Emergent control applications use CNN models to map visual data to a state signal that can be interpreted by the controller. Incorporating such sensors introduces a significant system operation vulnerability because CNN sensors can exhibit high prediction errors when exposed to novel (abnormal) visual data. Unfortunately, identifying such novelties in real-time is nontrivial. To address this issue, the SAFE-OCC framework leverages the convolutional blocks of the CNN to create an effective feature space to conduct novelty detection using a desired one-class classification technique. This approach engenders a feature space that directly corresponds to that used by the CNN sensor and avoids the need to derive an independent latent space. We demonstrate the effectiveness of SAFE-OCC via simulated control environments.      
### 35.Oral cancer detection and interpretation: Deep multiple instance learning versus conventional deep single instance learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01783.pdf)
>  The current medical standard for setting an oral cancer (OC) diagnosis is histological examination of a tissue sample from the oral cavity. This process is time consuming and more invasive than an alternative approach of acquiring a brush sample followed by cytological analysis. Skilled cytotechnologists are able to detect changes due to malignancy, however, to introduce this approach into clinical routine is associated with challenges such as a lack of experts and labour-intensive work. To design a trustworthy OC detection system that would assist cytotechnologists, we are interested in AI-based methods that reliably can detect cancer given only per-patient labels (minimizing annotation bias), and also provide information on which cells are most relevant for the diagnosis (enabling supervision and understanding). We, therefore, perform a comparison of a conventional single instance learning (SIL) approach and a modern multiple instance learning (MIL) method suitable for OC detection and interpretation, utilizing three different neural network architectures. To facilitate systematic evaluation of the considered approaches, we introduce a synthetic PAP-QMNIST dataset, that serves as a model of OC data, while offering access to per-instance ground truth. Our study indicates that on PAP-QMNIST, the SIL performs better, on average, than the MIL approach. Performance at the bag level on real-world cytological data is similar for both methods, yet the single instance approach performs better on average. Visual examination by cytotechnologist indicates that the methods manage to identify cells which deviate from normality, including malignant cells as well as those suspicious for dysplasia. We share the code as open source at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MIDA-group/OralCancerMILvsSIL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 36.Retinal Vessel Segmentation with Pixel-wise Adaptive Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01782.pdf)
>  Accurate retinal vessel segmentation is challenging because of the complex texture of retinal vessels and low imaging contrast. Previous methods generally refine segmentation results by cascading multiple deep networks, which are time-consuming and inefficient. In this paper, we propose two novel methods to address these challenges. First, we devise a light-weight module, named multi-scale residual similarity gathering (MRSG), to generate pixel-wise adaptive filters (PA-Filters). Different from cascading multiple deep networks, only one PA-Filter layer can improve the segmentation results. Second, we introduce a response cue erasing (RCE) strategy to enhance the segmentation accuracy. Experimental results on the DRIVE, CHASE_DB1, and STARE datasets demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods while maintaining a compact structure. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Limingxing00/Retinal-Vessel-Segmentation-ISBI20222" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
