# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 25 Feb 2022
### 1.Evaluating Feature Attribution Methods in the Image Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12270.pdf)
>  Feature attribution maps are a popular approach to highlight the most important pixels in an image for a given prediction of a model. Despite a recent growth in popularity and available methods, little attention is given to the objective evaluation of such attribution maps. Building on previous work in this domain, we investigate existing metrics and propose new variants of metrics for the evaluation of attribution maps. We confirm a recent finding that different attribution metrics seem to measure different underlying concepts of attribution maps, and extend this finding to a larger selection of attribution metrics. We also find that metric results on one dataset do not necessarily generalize to other datasets, and methods with desirable theoretical properties such as DeepSHAP do not necessarily outperform computationally cheaper alternatives. Based on these findings, we propose a general benchmarking approach to identify the ideal feature attribution method for a given use case. Implementations of attribution metrics and our experiments are available online.      
### 2.Learning from the Pros: Extracting Professional Goalkeeper Technique from Broadcast Footage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12259.pdf)
>  As an amateur goalkeeper playing grassroots soccer, who better to learn from than top professional goalkeepers? In this paper, we harness computer vision and machine learning models to appraise the save technique of professionals in a way those at lower levels can learn from. We train an unsupervised machine learning model using 3D body pose data extracted from broadcast footage to learn professional goalkeeper technique. Then, an "expected saves" model is developed, from which we can identify the optimal goalkeeper technique in different match contexts.       
### 4.ISDA: Position-Aware Instance Segmentation with Deformable Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12251.pdf)
>  Most instance segmentation models are not end-to-end trainable due to either the incorporation of proposal estimation (RPN) as a pre-processing or non-maximum suppression (NMS) as a post-processing. Here we propose a novel end-to-end instance segmentation method termed ISDA. It reshapes the task into predicting a set of object masks, which are generated via traditional convolution operation with learned position-aware kernels and features of objects. Such kernels and features are learned by leveraging a deformable attention network with multi-scale representation. Thanks to the introduced set-prediction mechanism, the proposed method is NMS-free. Empirically, ISDA outperforms Mask R-CNN (the strong baseline) by 2.6 points on MS-COCO, and achieves leading performance compared with recent models. Code will be available soon.      
### 5.BLPnet: A new DNN model and Bengali OCR engine for Automatic License Plate Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12250.pdf)
>  The development of the Automatic License Plate Recognition (ALPR) system has received much attention for the English license plate. However, despite being the sixth largest population around the world, no significant progress can be tracked in the Bengali language countries or states for the ALPR system addressing their more alarming traffic management with inadequate road-safety measures. This paper reports a computationally efficient and reasonably accurate Automatic License Plate Recognition (ALPR) system for Bengali characters with a new end-to-end DNN model that we call Bengali License Plate Network(BLPnet). The cascaded architecture for detecting vehicle regions prior to vehicle license plate (VLP) in the model is proposed to eliminate false positives resulting in higher detection accuracy of VLP. Besides, a lower set of trainable parameters is considered for reducing the computational cost making the system faster and more compatible for a real-time application. With a Computational Neural Network (CNN)based new Bengali OCR engine and word-mapping process, the model is characters rotation invariant, and can readily extract, detect and output the complete license plate number of a vehicle. The model feeding with17 frames per second (fps) on real-time video footage can detect a vehicle with the Mean Squared Error (MSE) of 0.0152, and the mean license plate character recognition accuracy of 95%. While compared to the other models, an improvement of 5% and 20% were recorded for the BLPnetover the prominent YOLO-based ALPR model and the Tesseract model for the number-plate detection accuracy and time requirement, respectively.      
### 6.EMOTHAW: A novel database for emotional state recognition from handwriting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12245.pdf)
>  The detection of negative emotions through daily activities such as handwriting is useful for promoting well-being. The spread of human-machine interfaces such as tablets makes the collection of handwriting samples easier. In this context, we present a first publicly available handwriting database which relates emotional states to handwriting, that we call EMOTHAW. This database includes samples of 129 participants whose emotional states, namely anxiety, depression and stress, are assessed by the Depression Anxiety Stress Scales (DASS) questionnaire. Seven tasks are recorded through a digitizing tablet: pentagons and house drawing, words copied in handprint, circles and clock drawing, and one sentence copied in cursive writing. Records consist in pen positions, on-paper and in-air, time stamp, pressure, pen azimuth and altitude. We report our analysis on this database. From collected data, we first compute measurements related to timing and ductus. We compute separate measurements according to the position of the writing device: on paper or in-air. We analyse and classify this set of measurements (referred to as features) using a random forest approach. This latter is a machine learning method [2], based on an ensemble of decision trees, which includes a feature ranking process. We use this ranking process to identify the features which best reveal a targeted emotional state. <br>We then build random forest classifiers associated to each emotional state. Our results, obtained from cross-validation experiments, show that the targeted emotional states can be identified with accuracies ranging from 60% to 71%.      
### 7.On-line signature verification system with failure to enroll managing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12242.pdf)
>  In this paper we simulate a real biometric verification system based on on-line signatures. For this purpose we have split the MCYT signature database in three subsets: one for classifier training, another for system adjustment and a third one for system testing simulating enrollment and verification. This context corresponds to a real operation, where a new user tries to enroll an existing system and must be automatically guided by the system in order to detect the failure to enroll situations. The main contribution of this work is the management of failure to enroll situations by means of a new proposal, called intelligent enrollment, which consists of consistency checking in order to automatically reject low quality samples. This strategy lets to enhance the verification errors up to 22% when leaving out 8% of the users. In this situation 8% of the people cannot be enrolled in the system and must be verified by other biometrics or by human abilities. These people are identified with intelligent enrollment and the situation can be thus managed. In addition we also propose a DCT-based feature extractor with threshold coding and discriminability criteria.      
### 8.A comparative study of in-air trajectories at short and long distances in online handwriting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12237.pdf)
>  Introduction Existing literature about online handwriting analysis to support pathology diagnosis has taken advantage of in-air trajectories. A similar situation occurred in biometric security applications where the goal is to identify or verify an individual using his signature or handwriting. These studies do not consider the distance of the pen tip to the writing surface. This is due to the fact that current acquisition devices do not provide height formation. However, it is quite straightforward to differentiate movements at two different heights: a) short distance: height lower or equal to 1 cm above a surface of digitizer, the digitizer provides x and y coordinates. b) long distance: height exceeding 1 cm, the only information available is a time stamp that indicates the time that a specific stroke has spent at long distance. Although short distance has been used in several papers, long distances have been ignored and will be investigated in this paper. Methods In this paper, we will analyze a large set of databases (BIOSECURID, EMOTHAW, PaHaW, Oxygen-Therapy and SALT), which contain a total amount of 663 users and 17951 files. We have specifically studied: a) the percentage of time spent on-surface, in-air at short distance, and in-air at long distance for different user profiles (pathological and healthy users) and different tasks; b) The potential use of these signals to improve classification rates. Results and conclusions Our experimental results reveal that long-distance movements represent a very small portion of the total execution time (0.5 % in the case of signatures and 10.4% for uppercase words of BIOSECUR-ID, which is the largest database). In addition, significant differences have been found in the comparison of pathological versus control group for letter l in PaHaW database (p=0.0157) and crossed pentagons in SALT database (p=0.0122)      
### 9.Self-Distilled StyleGAN: Towards Generation from Internet Photos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12211.pdf)
>  StyleGAN is known to produce high-fidelity images, while also offering unprecedented semantic editing. However, these fascinating abilities have been demonstrated only on a limited set of datasets, which are usually structurally aligned and well curated. In this paper, we show how StyleGAN can be adapted to work on raw uncurated images collected from the Internet. Such image collections impose two main challenges to StyleGAN: they contain many outlier images, and are characterized by a multi-modal distribution. Training StyleGAN on such raw image collections results in degraded image synthesis quality. To meet these challenges, we proposed a StyleGAN-based self-distillation approach, which consists of two main components: (i) A generative-based self-filtering of the dataset to eliminate outlier images, in order to generate an adequate training set, and (ii) Perceptual clustering of the generated images to detect the inherent data modalities, which are then employed to improve StyleGAN's "truncation trick" in the image synthesis process. The presented technique enables the generation of high-quality images, while minimizing the loss in diversity of the data. Through qualitative and quantitative evaluation, we demonstrate the power of our approach to new challenging and diverse domains collected from the Internet. New datasets and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://self-distilled-stylegan.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 10.FreeSOLO: Learning to Segment Objects without Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12181.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation is a fundamental vision task that aims to recognize and segment each object in an image. However, it requires costly annotations such as bounding boxes and segmentation masks for learning. In this work, we propose a fully unsupervised learning method that learns class-agnostic instance segmentation without any annotations. We present FreeSOLO, a self-supervised instance segmentation framework built on top of the simple instance segmentation method SOLO. Our method also presents a novel localization-aware pre-training framework, where objects can be discovered from complicated scenes in an unsupervised manner. FreeSOLO achieves 9.8% AP_{50} on the challenging COCO dataset, which even outperforms several segmentation proposal methods that use manual annotations. For the first time, we demonstrate unsupervised class-agnostic instance segmentation successfully. FreeSOLO's box localization significantly outperforms state-of-the-art unsupervised object detection/discovery methods, with about 100% relative improvements in COCO AP. FreeSOLO further demonstrates superiority as a strong pre-training method, outperforming state-of-the-art self-supervised pre-training methods by +9.8% AP when fine-tuning instance segmentation with only 5% COCO masks.      
### 11.Transformers in Medical Image Analysis: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12165.pdf)
>  Transformers have dominated the field of natural language processing, and recently impacted the computer vision area. In the field of medical image analysis, Transformers have also been successfully applied to full-stack clinical applications, including image synthesis/reconstruction, registration, segmentation, detection, and diagnosis. Our paper presents both a position paper and a primer, promoting awareness and application of Transformers in the field of medical image analysis. Specifically, we first overview the core concepts of the attention mechanism built into Transformers and other basic components. Second, we give a new taxonomy of various Transformer architectures tailored for medical image applications and discuss their limitations. Within this review, we investigate key challenges revolving around the use of Transformers in different learning paradigms, improving the model efficiency, and their coupling with other techniques. We hope this review can give a comprehensive picture of Transformers to the readers in the field of medical image analysis.      
### 12.Slow-Fast Visual Tempo Learning for Video-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12116.pdf)
>  Action visual tempo characterizes the dynamics and the temporal scale of an action, which is helpful to distinguish human actions that share high similarities in visual dynamics and appearance. Previous methods capture the visual tempo either by sampling raw videos with multiple rates, which requires a costly multi-layer network to handle each rate, or by hierarchically sampling backbone features, which relies heavily on high-level features that miss fine-grained temporal dynamics. In this work, we propose a Temporal Correlation Module (TCM), which can be easily embedded into the current action recognition backbones in a plug-in-and-play manner, to extract action visual tempo from low-level backbone features at single-layer remarkably. Specifically, our TCM contains two main components: a Multi-scale Temporal Dynamics Module (MTDM) and a Temporal Attention Module (TAM). MTDM applies a correlation operation to learn pixel-wise fine-grained temporal dynamics for both fast-tempo and slow-tempo. TAM adaptively emphasizes expressive features and suppresses inessential ones via analyzing the global information across various tempos. Extensive experiments conducted on several action recognition benchmarks, e.g. Something-Something V1 &amp; V2, Kinetics-400, UCF-101, and HMDB-51, have demonstrated that the proposed TCM is effective to promote the performance of the existing video-based action recognition models for a large margin. The source code is publicly released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zphyix/TCM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Light Robust Monocular Depth Estimation For Outdoor Environment Via Monochrome And Color Camera Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12108.pdf)
>  Depth estimation plays a important role in SLAM, odometry, and autonomous driving. Especially, monocular depth estimation is profitable technology because of its low cost, memory, and computation. However, it is not a sufficiently predicting depth map due to a camera often failing to get a clean image because of light conditions. To solve this problem, various sensor fusion method has been proposed. Even though it is a powerful method, sensor fusion requires expensive sensors, additional memory, and high computational performance. <br>In this paper, we present color image and monochrome image pixel-level fusion and stereo matching with partially enhanced correlation coefficient maximization. Our methods not only outperform the state-of-the-art works across all metrics but also efficient in terms of cost, memory, and computation. We also validate the effectiveness of our design with an ablation study.      
### 14.DeepFusionMOT: A 3D Multi-Object Tracking Framework Based on Camera-LiDAR Fusion with Deep Association  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12100.pdf)
>  In the recent literature, on the one hand, many 3D multi-object tracking (MOT) works have focused on tracking accuracy and neglected computation speed, commonly by designing rather complex cost functions and feature extractors. On the other hand, some methods have focused too much on computation speed at the expense of tracking accuracy. In view of these issues, this paper proposes a robust and fast camera-LiDAR fusion-based MOT method that achieves a good trade-off between accuracy and speed. Relying on the characteristics of camera and LiDAR sensors, an effective deep association mechanism is designed and embedded in the proposed MOT method. This association mechanism realizes tracking of an object in a 2D domain when the object is far away and only detected by the camera, and updating of the 2D trajectory with 3D information obtained when the object appears in the LiDAR field of view to achieve a smooth fusion of 2D and 3D trajectories. Extensive experiments based on the KITTI dataset indicate that our proposed method presents obvious advantages over the state-of-the-art MOT methods in terms of both tracking accuracy and processing speed. Our code is made publicly available for the benefit of the community      
### 15.Phrase-Based Affordance Detection via Cyclic Bilateral Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12076.pdf)
>  Affordance detection, which refers to perceiving objects with potential action possibilities in images, is a challenging task since the possible affordance depends on the person's purpose in real-world application scenarios. The existing works mainly extract the inherent human-object dependencies from image/video to accommodate affordance properties that change dynamically. In this paper, we explore to perceive affordance from a vision-language perspective and consider the challenging phrase-based affordance detection problem,i.e., given a set of phrases describing the action purposes, all the object regions in a scene with the same affordance should be detected. To this end, we propose a cyclic bilateral consistency enhancement network (CBCE-Net) to align language and vision features progressively. Specifically, the presented CBCE-Net consists of a mutual guided vision-language module that updates the common features of vision and language in a progressive manner, and a cyclic interaction module (CIM) that facilitates the perception of possible interaction with objects in a cyclic manner. In addition, we extend the public Purpose-driven Affordance Dataset (PAD) by annotating affordance categories with short phrases. The contrastive experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method over nine typical methods from four relevant fields in terms of both objective metrics and visual quality. The related code and dataset will be released at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lulsheng/CBCE-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 16.AFFDEX 2.0: A Real-Time Facial Expression Analysis Toolkit  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12059.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce AFFDEX 2.0 - a toolkit for analyzing facial expressions in the wild, that is, it is intended for users aiming to; a) estimate the 3D head pose, b) detect facial Action Units (AUs), c) recognize basic emotions and 2 new emotional states (sentimentality and confusion), and d) detect high-level expressive metrics like blink and attention. AFFDEX 2.0 models are mainly based on Deep Learning, and are trained using a large-scale naturalistic dataset consisting of thousands of participants from different demographic groups. AFFDEX 2.0 is an enhanced version of our previous toolkit [1], that is capable of tracking efficiently faces at more challenging conditions, detecting more accurately facial expressions, and recognizing new emotional states (sentimentality and confusion). AFFDEX 2.0 can process multiple faces in real time, and is working across the Windows and Linux platforms.      
### 17.Assessing generalisability of deep learning-based polyp detection and segmentation methods through a computer vision challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12031.pdf)
>  Polyps are well-known cancer precursors identified by colonoscopy. However, variability in their size, location, and surface largely affect identification, localisation, and characterisation. Moreover, colonoscopic surveillance and removal of polyps (referred to as polypectomy ) are highly operator-dependent procedures. There exist a high missed detection rate and incomplete removal of colonic polyps due to their variable nature, the difficulties to delineate the abnormality, the high recurrence rates, and the anatomical topography of the colon. There have been several developments in realising automated methods for both detection and segmentation of these polyps using machine learning. However, the major drawback in most of these methods is their ability to generalise to out-of-sample unseen datasets that come from different centres, modalities and acquisition systems. To test this hypothesis rigorously we curated a multi-centre and multi-population dataset acquired from multiple colonoscopy systems and challenged teams comprising machine learning experts to develop robust automated detection and segmentation methods as part of our crowd-sourcing Endoscopic computer vision challenge (EndoCV) 2021. In this paper, we analyse the detection results of the four top (among seven) teams and the segmentation results of the five top teams (among 16). Our analyses demonstrate that the top-ranking teams concentrated on accuracy (i.e., accuracy &gt; 80% on overall Dice score on different validation sets) over real-time performance required for clinical applicability. We further dissect the methods and provide an experiment-based hypothesis that reveals the need for improved generalisability to tackle diversity present in multi-centre datasets.      
### 18.Learning to Merge Tokens in Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12015.pdf)
>  Transformers are widely applied to solve natural language understanding and computer vision tasks. While scaling up these architectures leads to improved performance, it often comes at the expense of much higher computational costs. In order for large-scale models to remain practical in real-world systems, there is a need for reducing their computational overhead. In this work, we present the PatchMerger, a simple module that reduces the number of patches or tokens the network has to process by merging them between two consecutive intermediate layers. We show that the PatchMerger achieves a significant speedup across various model sizes while matching the original performance both upstream and downstream after fine-tuning.      
### 19.Effective Actor-centric Human-object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11998.pdf)
>  While Human-Object Interaction(HOI) Detection has achieved tremendous advances in recent, it still remains challenging due to complex interactions with multiple humans and objects occurring in images, which would inevitably lead to ambiguities. Most existing methods either generate all human-object pair candidates and infer their relationships by cropped local features successively in a two-stage manner, or directly predict interaction points in a one-stage procedure. However, the lack of spatial configurations or reasoning steps of two- or one- stage methods respectively limits their performance in such complex scenes. To avoid this ambiguity, we propose a novel actor-centric framework. The main ideas are that when inferring interactions: 1) the non-local features of the entire image guided by actor position are obtained to model the relationship between the actor and context, and then 2) we use an object branch to generate pixel-wise interaction area prediction, where the interaction area denotes the object central area. Moreover, we also use an actor branch to get interaction prediction of the actor and propose a novel composition strategy based on center-point indexing to generate the final HOI prediction. Thanks to the usage of the non-local features and the partly-coupled property of the human-objects composition strategy, our proposed framework can detect HOI more accurately especially for complex images. Extensive experimental results show that our method achieves the state-of-the-art on the challenging V-COCO and HICO-DET benchmarks and is more robust especially in multiple persons and/or objects scenes.      
### 20.GIAOTracker: A comprehensive framework for MCMOT with global information and optimizing strategies in VisDrone 2021  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11983.pdf)
>  In recent years, algorithms for multiple object tracking tasks have benefited from great progresses in deep models and video quality. However, in challenging scenarios like drone videos, they still suffer from problems, such as small objects, camera movements and view changes. In this paper, we propose a new multiple object tracker, which employs Global Information And some Optimizing strategies, named GIAOTracker. It consists of three stages, i.e., online tracking, global link and post-processing. Given detections in every frame, the first stage generates reliable tracklets using information of camera motion, object motion and object appearance. Then they are associated into trajectories by exploiting global clues and refined through four post-processing methods. With the effectiveness of the three stages, GIAOTracker achieves state-of-the-art performance on the VisDrone MOT dataset and wins the 3rd place in the VisDrone2021 MOT Challenge.      
### 21.N-QGN: Navigation Map from a Monocular Camera using Quadtree Generating Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11982.pdf)
>  Monocular depth estimation has been a popular area of research for several years, especially since self-supervised networks have shown increasingly good results in bridging the gap with supervised and stereo methods. However, these approaches focus their interest on dense 3D reconstruction and sometimes on tiny details that are superfluous for autonomous navigation. In this paper, we propose to address this issue by estimating the navigation map under a quadtree representation. The objective is to create an adaptive depth map prediction that only extract details that are essential for the obstacle avoidance. Other 3D space which leaves large room for navigation will be provided with approximate distance. Experiment on KITTI dataset shows that our method can significantly reduce the number of output information without major loss of accuracy.      
### 22.Fully Self-Supervised Learning for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11981.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a fully self-supervised framework for semantic segmentation(FS^4). A fully bootstrapped strategy for semantic segmentation, which saves efforts for the huge amount of annotation, is crucial for building customized models from end-to-end for open-world domains. This application is eagerly needed in realistic scenarios. Even though recent self-supervised semantic segmentation methods have gained great progress, these works however heavily depend on the fully-supervised pretrained model and make it impossible a fully self-supervised pipeline. To solve this problem, we proposed a bootstrapped training scheme for semantic segmentation, which fully leveraged the global semantic knowledge for self-supervision with our proposed PGG strategy and CAE module. In particular, we perform pixel clustering and assignments for segmentation supervision. Preventing it from clustering a mess, we proposed 1) a pyramid-global-guided (PGG) training strategy to supervise the learning with pyramid image/patch-level pseudo labels, which are generated by grouping the unsupervised features. The stable global and pyramid semantic pseudo labels can prevent the segmentation from learning too many clutter regions or degrading to one background region; 2) in addition, we proposed context-aware embedding (CAE) module to generate global feature embedding in view of its neighbors close both in space and appearance in a non-trivial way. We evaluate our method on the large-scale COCO-Stuff dataset and achieved 7.19 mIoU improvements on both things and stuff objects      
### 23.SMILE: Sequence-to-Sequence Domain Adaption with Minimizing Latent Entropy for Text Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11949.pdf)
>  Training recognition models with synthetic images have achieved remarkable results in text recognition. However, recognizing text from real-world images still faces challenges due to the domain shift between synthetic and real-world text images. One of the strategies to eliminate the domain difference without manual annotation is unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA). Due to the characteristic of sequential labeling tasks, most popular UDA methods cannot be directly applied to text recognition. To tackle this problem, we proposed a UDA method with minimizing latent entropy on sequence-to-sequence attention-based models with classbalanced self-paced learning. Our experiments show that our proposed framework achieves better recognition results than the existing methods on most UDA text recognition benchmarks. All codes are publicly available.      
### 24.Domain Disentangled Generative Adversarial Network for Zero-Shot Sketch-Based 3D Shape Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11948.pdf)
>  Sketch-based 3D shape retrieval is a challenging task due to the large domain discrepancy between sketches and 3D shapes. Since existing methods are trained and evaluated on the same categories, they cannot effectively recognize the categories that have not been used during training. In this paper, we propose a novel domain disentangled generative adversarial network (DD-GAN) for zero-shot sketch-based 3D retrieval, which can retrieve the unseen categories that are not accessed during training. Specifically, we first generate domain-invariant features and domain-specific features by disentangling the learned features of sketches and 3D shapes, where the domain-invariant features are used to align with the corresponding word embeddings. Then, we develop a generative adversarial network that combines the domainspecific features of the seen categories with the aligned domain-invariant features to synthesize samples, where the synthesized samples of the unseen categories are generated by using the corresponding word embeddings. Finally, we use the synthesized samples of the unseen categories combined with the real samples of the seen categories to train the network for retrieval, so that the unseen categories can be recognized. In order to reduce the domain shift between the synthesized domain and the real domain, we adopt the transductive setting to reduce the gap between the distributions of the synthesized unseen categories and real unseen categories. Extensive experiments on the SHREC'13 and SHREC'14 datasets show that our method significantly improves the retrieval performance of the unseen categories.      
### 25.Computer Aided Diagnosis and Out-of-Distribution Detection in Glaucoma Screening Using Color Fundus Photography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11944.pdf)
>  Artificial Intelligence for RObust Glaucoma Screening (AIROGS) Challenge is held for developing solutions for glaucoma screening from color fundus photography that are robust to real-world scenarios. This report describes our method submitted to the AIROGS challenge. Our method employs convolutional neural networks to classify input images to "referable glaucoma" or "no referable glaucoma". In addition, we introduce an inference-time out-of-distribution (OOD) detection method to identify ungradable images. Our OOD detection is based on an energy-based method combined with activation rectification.      
### 26.Interpolation-based Contrastive Learning for Few-Label Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11915.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning (SSL) has long been proved to be an effective technique to construct powerful models with limited labels. In the existing literature, consistency regularization-based methods, which force the perturbed samples to have similar predictions with the original ones have attracted much attention for their promising accuracy. However, we observe that, the performance of such methods decreases drastically when the labels get extremely limited, e.g., 2 or 3 labels for each category. Our empirical study finds that the main problem lies with the drifting of semantic information in the procedure of data augmentation. The problem can be alleviated when enough supervision is provided. However, when little guidance is available, the incorrect regularization would mislead the network and undermine the performance of the algorithm. To tackle the problem, we (1) propose an interpolation-based method to construct more reliable positive sample pairs; (2) design a novel contrastive loss to guide the embedding of the learned network to change linearly between samples so as to improve the discriminative capability of the network by enlarging the margin decision boundaries. Since no destructive regularization is introduced, the performance of our proposed algorithm is largely improved. Specifically, the proposed algorithm outperforms the second best algorithm (Comatch) with 5.3% by achieving 88.73% classification accuracy when only two labels are available for each class on the CIFAR-10 dataset. Moreover, we further prove the generality of the proposed method by improving the performance of the existing state-of-the-art algorithms considerably with our proposed strategy.      
### 27.SLRNet: Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation Via Label Reuse for Human Decomposition Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11900.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is a challenging computer vision task demanding a significant amount of pixel-level annotated data. Producing such data is a time-consuming and costly process, especially for domains with a scarcity of experts, such as medicine or forensic anthropology. While numerous semi-supervised approaches have been developed to make the most from the limited labeled data and ample amount of unlabeled data, domain-specific real-world datasets often have characteristics that both reduce the effectiveness of off-the-shelf state-of-the-art methods and also provide opportunities to create new methods that exploit these characteristics. We propose and evaluate a semi-supervised method that reuses available labels for unlabeled images of a dataset by exploiting existing similarities, while dynamically weighting the impact of these reused labels in the training process. We evaluate our method on a large dataset of human decomposition images and find that our method, while conceptually simple, outperforms state-of-the-art consistency and pseudo-labeling-based methods for the segmentation of this dataset. This paper includes graphic content of human decomposition.      
### 28.Improving Robustness of Convolutional Neural Networks Using Element-Wise Activation Scaling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11898.pdf)
>  Recent works reveal that re-calibrating the intermediate activation of adversarial examples can improve the adversarial robustness of a CNN model. The state of the arts [Baiet al., 2021] and [Yanet al., 2021] explores this feature at the channel level, i.e. the activation of a channel is uniformly scaled by a factor. In this paper, we investigate the intermediate activation manipulation at a more fine-grained level. Instead of uniformly scaling the activation, we individually adjust each element within an activation and thus propose Element-Wise Activation Scaling, dubbed EWAS, to improve CNNs' adversarial robustness. Experimental results on ResNet-18 and WideResNet with CIFAR10 and SVHN show that EWAS significantly improves the robustness accuracy. Especially for ResNet18 on CIFAR10, EWAS increases the adversarial accuracy by 37.65% to 82.35% against C&amp;W attack. EWAS is simple yet very effective in terms of improving robustness. The codes are anonymously available at https://anonymous.4open.science/r/EWAS-DD64.      
### 29.Controlling Memorability of Face Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11896.pdf)
>  Everyday, we are bombarded with many photographs of faces, whether on social media, television, or smartphones. From an evolutionary perspective, faces are intended to be remembered, mainly due to survival and personal relevance. However, all these faces do not have the equal opportunity to stick in our minds. It has been shown that memorability is an intrinsic feature of an image but yet, it is largely unknown what attributes make an image more memorable. In this work, we aimed to address this question by proposing a fast approach to modify and control the memorability of face images. In our proposed method, we first found a hyperplane in the latent space of StyleGAN to separate high and low memorable images. We then modified the image memorability (while maintaining the identity and other facial features such as age, emotion, etc.) by moving in the positive or negative direction of this hyperplane normal vector. We further analyzed how different layers of the StyleGAN augmented latent space contribute to face memorability. These analyses showed how each individual face attribute makes an image more or less memorable. Most importantly, we evaluated our proposed method for both real and synthesized face images. The proposed method successfully modifies and controls the memorability of real human faces as well as unreal synthesized faces. Our proposed method can be employed in photograph editing applications for social media, learning aids, or advertisement purposes.      
### 30.HMD-EgoPose: Head-Mounted Display-Based Egocentric Marker-Less Tool and Hand Pose Estimation for Augmented Surgical Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11891.pdf)
>  The success or failure of modern computer-assisted surgery procedures hinges on the precise six-degree-of-freedom (6DoF) position and orientation (pose) estimation of tracked instruments and tissue. In this paper, we present HMD-EgoPose, a single-shot learning-based approach to hand and object pose estimation and demonstrate state-of-the-art performance on a benchmark dataset for monocular red-green-blue (RGB) 6DoF marker-less hand and surgical instrument pose tracking. Further, we reveal the capacity of our HMD-EgoPose framework for 6DoF near real-time pose estimation on a commercially available optical see-through head-mounted display (OST-HMD) through a low-latency streaming approach. Our framework utilized an efficient convolutional neural network (CNN) backbone for multi-scale feature extraction and a set of subnetworks to jointly learn the 6DoF pose representation of the rigid surgical drill instrument and the grasping orientation of the hand of a user. To make our approach accessible to a commercially available OST-HMD, the Microsoft HoloLens 2, we created a pipeline for low-latency video and data communication with a high-performance computing workstation capable of optimized network inference. HMD-EgoPose outperformed current state-of-the-art approaches on a benchmark dataset for surgical tool pose estimation, achieving an average tool 3D vertex error of 11.0 mm on real data and furthering the progress towards a clinically viable marker-free tracking strategy. Through our low-latency streaming approach, we achieved a round trip latency of 202.5 ms for pose estimation and augmented visualization of the tracked model when integrated with the OST-HMD. Our single-shot learned approach was robust to occlusion and complex surfaces and improved on current state-of-the-art approaches to marker-less tool and hand pose estimation.      
### 31.New Benchmark for Household Garbage Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11878.pdf)
>  Household garbage images are usually faced with complex backgrounds, variable illuminations, diverse angles, and changeable shapes, which bring a great difficulty in garbage image classification. Due to the ability to discover problem-specific features, deep learning and especially convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successfully and widely used for image representation learning. However, available and stable household garbage datasets are insufficient, which seriously limits the development of research and application. Besides, the state of the art in the field of garbage image classification is not entirely clear. To solve this problem, in this study, we built a new open benchmark dataset for household garbage image classification by simulating different lightings, backgrounds, angles, and shapes. This dataset is named 30 Classes of Household Garbage Images (HGI-30), which contains 18,000 images of 30 household garbage classes. The publicly available HGI-30 dataset allows researchers to develop accurate and robust methods for household garbage recognition. We also conducted experiments and performance analysis of the state-of-the-art deep CNN methods on HGI-30, which serves as baseline results on this benchmark.      
### 32.CG-SSD: Corner Guided Single Stage 3D Object Detection from LiDAR Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11868.pdf)
>  At present, the anchor-based or anchor-free models that use LiDAR point clouds for 3D object detection use the center assigner strategy to infer the 3D bounding boxes. However, in a real world scene, the LiDAR can only acquire a limited object surface point clouds, but the center point of the object does not exist. Obtaining the object by aggregating the incomplete surface point clouds will bring a loss of accuracy in direction and dimension estimation. To address this problem, we propose a corner-guided anchor-free single-stage 3D object detection model (CG-SSD ).Firstly, 3D sparse convolution backbone network composed of residual layers and sub-manifold sparse convolutional layers are used to construct bird's eye view (BEV) features for further deeper feature mining by a lite U-shaped network; Secondly, a novel corner-guided auxiliary module (CGAM) is proposed to incorporate corner supervision signals into the neural network. CGAM is explicitly designed and trained to detect partially visible and invisible corners to obtains a more accurate object feature representation, especially for small or partial occluded objects; Finally, the deep features from both the backbone networks and CGAM module are concatenated and fed into the head module to predict the classification and 3D bounding boxes of the objects in the scene. The experiments demonstrate CG-SSD achieves the state-of-art performance on the ONCE benchmark for supervised 3D object detection using single frame point cloud data, with 62.77%mAP. Additionally, the experiments on ONCE and Waymo Open Dataset show that CGAM can be extended to most anchor-based models which use the BEV feature to detect objects, as a plug-in and bring +1.17%-+14.27%AP improvement.      
### 33.Learning Multi-Object Dynamics with Compositional Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11855.pdf)
>  We present a method to learn compositional predictive models from image observations based on implicit object encoders, Neural Radiance Fields (NeRFs), and graph neural networks. A central question in learning dynamic models from sensor observations is on which representations predictions should be performed. NeRFs have become a popular choice for representing scenes due to their strong 3D prior. However, most NeRF approaches are trained on a single scene, representing the whole scene with a global model, making generalization to novel scenes, containing different numbers of objects, challenging. Instead, we present a compositional, object-centric auto-encoder framework that maps multiple views of the scene to a \emph{set} of latent vectors representing each object separately. The latent vectors parameterize individual NeRF models from which the scene can be reconstructed and rendered from novel viewpoints. We train a graph neural network dynamics model in the latent space to achieve compositionality for dynamics prediction. A key feature of our approach is that the learned 3D information of the scene through the NeRF model enables us to incorporate structural priors in learning the dynamics models, making long-term predictions more stable. The model can further be used to synthesize new scenes from individual object observations. For planning, we utilize RRTs in the learned latent space, where we can exploit our model and the implicit object encoder to make sampling the latent space informative and more efficient. In the experiments, we show that the model outperforms several baselines on a pushing task containing many objects. Video: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://dannydriess.github.io/compnerfdyn/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 34.Near Perfect GAN Inversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11833.pdf)
>  To edit a real photo using Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), we need a GAN inversion algorithm to identify the latent vector that perfectly reproduces it. Unfortunately, whereas existing inversion algorithms can synthesize images similar to real photos, they cannot generate the identical clones needed in most applications. Here, we derive an algorithm that achieves near perfect reconstructions of photos. Rather than relying on encoder- or optimization-based methods to find an inverse mapping on a fixed generator $G(\cdot)$, we derive an approach to locally adjust $G(\cdot)$ to more optimally represent the photos we wish to synthesize. This is done by locally tweaking the learned mapping $G(\cdot)$ s.t. $\| {\bf x} - G({\bf z}) \|&lt;\epsilon$, with ${\bf x}$ the photo we wish to reproduce, ${\bf z}$ the latent vector, $\|\cdot\|$ an appropriate metric, and $\epsilon &gt; 0$ a small scalar. We show that this approach can not only produce synthetic images that are indistinguishable from the real photos we wish to replicate, but that these images are readily editable. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the derived algorithm on a variety of datasets including human faces, animals, and cars, and discuss its importance for diversity and inclusion.      
### 35.A modification of the conjugate direction method for motion estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11831.pdf)
>  A comparative study of different block matching alternatives for motion estimation is presented. The study is focused on computational burden and objective measures on the accuracy of prediction. Together with existing algorithms several new variations have been tested. An interesting modification of the conjugate direction method previously related in literature is reported. This new algorithm shows a good trade-off between computational complexity and accuracy of motion vector estimation. Computational complexity is evaluated using a sequence of artificial images designed to incorporate a great variety of motion vectors. The performance of block matching methods has been measured in terms of the entropy in the error signal between the motion compensated and the original frames.      
### 36.RadioTransformer: A Cascaded Global-Focal Transformer for Visual Attention-guided Disease Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11781.pdf)
>  In this work, we present RadioTransformer, a novel visual attention-driven transformer framework, that leverages radiologists' gaze patterns and models their visuo-cognitive behavior for disease diagnosis on chest radiographs. Domain experts, such as radiologists, rely on visual information for medical image interpretation. On the other hand, deep neural networks have demonstrated significant promise in similar tasks even where visual interpretation is challenging. Eye-gaze tracking has been used to capture the viewing behavior of domain experts, lending insights into the complexity of visual search. However, deep learning frameworks, even those that rely on attention mechanisms, do not leverage this rich domain information. RadioTransformer fills this critical gap by learning from radiologists' visual search patterns, encoded as 'human visual attention regions' in a cascaded global-focal transformer framework. The overall 'global' image characteristics and the more detailed 'local' features are captured by the proposed global and focal modules, respectively. We experimentally validate the efficacy of our student-teacher approach for 8 datasets involving different disease classification tasks where eye-gaze data is not available during the inference phase.      
### 37.Art Creation with Multi-Conditional StyleGANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11777.pdf)
>  Creating meaningful art is often viewed as a uniquely human endeavor. A human artist needs a combination of unique skills, understanding, and genuine intention to create artworks that evoke deep feelings and emotions. In this paper, we introduce a multi-conditional Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) approach trained on large amounts of human paintings to synthesize realistic-looking paintings that emulate human art. Our approach is based on the StyleGAN neural network architecture, but incorporates a custom multi-conditional control mechanism that provides fine-granular control over characteristics of the generated paintings, e.g., with regard to the perceived emotion evoked in a spectator. For better control, we introduce the conditional truncation trick, which adapts the standard truncation trick for the conditional setting and diverse datasets. Finally, we develop a diverse set of evaluation techniques tailored to multi-conditional generation.      
### 38.Discovering Multiple and Diverse Directions for Cognitive Image Properties  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11772.pdf)
>  Recent research has shown that it is possible to find interpretable directions in the latent spaces of pre-trained GANs. These directions enable controllable generation and support a variety of semantic editing operations. While previous work has focused on discovering a single direction that performs a desired editing operation such as zoom-in, limited work has been done on the discovery of multiple and diverse directions that can achieve the desired edit. In this work, we propose a novel framework that discovers multiple and diverse directions for a given property of interest. In particular, we focus on the manipulation of cognitive properties such as Memorability, Emotional Valence and Aesthetics. We show with extensive experiments that our method successfully manipulates these properties while producing diverse outputs. Our project page and source code can be found at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://catlab-team.github.io/latentcognitive" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 39.Think Global, Act Local: Dual-scale Graph Transformer for Vision-and-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11742.pdf)
>  Following language instructions to navigate in unseen environments is a challenging problem for autonomous embodied agents. The agent not only needs to ground languages in visual scenes, but also should explore the environment to reach its target. In this work, we propose a dual-scale graph transformer (DUET) for joint long-term action planning and fine-grained cross-modal understanding. We build a topological map on-the-fly to enable efficient exploration in global action space. To balance the complexity of large action space reasoning and fine-grained language grounding, we dynamically combine a fine-scale encoding over local observations and a coarse-scale encoding on a global map via graph transformers. The proposed approach, DUET, significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on goal-oriented vision-and-language navigation (VLN) benchmarks REVERIE and SOON. It also improves the success rate on the fine-grained VLN benchmark R2R.      
### 40.Factorizer: A Scalable Interpretable Approach to Context Modeling for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12295.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) with U-shaped architectures have dominated medical image segmentation, which is crucial for various clinical purposes. However, the inherent locality of convolution makes CNNs fail to fully exploit global context, essential for better recognition of some structures, e.g., brain lesions. Transformers have recently proved promising performance on vision tasks, including semantic segmentation, mainly due to their capability of modeling long-range dependencies. Nevertheless, the quadratic complexity of attention makes existing Transformer-based models use self-attention layers only after somehow reducing the image resolution, which limits the ability to capture global contexts present at higher resolutions. Therefore, this work introduces a family of models, dubbed Factorizer, which leverages the power of low-rank matrix factorization for constructing an end-to-end segmentation model. Specifically, we propose a linearly scalable approach to context modeling, formulating Nonnegative Matrix Factorization (NMF) as a differentiable layer integrated into a U-shaped architecture. The shifted window technique is also utilized in combination with NMF to effectively aggregate local information. Factorizers compete favorably with CNNs and Transformers in terms of accuracy, scalability, and interpretability, achieving state-of-the-art results on the BraTS dataset for brain tumor segmentation, with Dice scores of 79.33%, 83.14%, and 90.16% for enhancing tumor, tumor core, and whole tumor, respectively. Highly meaningful NMF components give an additional interpretability advantage to Factorizers over CNNs and Transformers. Moreover, our ablation studies reveal a distinctive feature of Factorizers that enables a significant speed-up in inference for a trained Factorizer without any extra steps and without sacrificing much accuracy.      
### 41.Inflation of test accuracy due to data leakage in deep learning-based classification of OCT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12267.pdf)
>  In the application of deep learning on optical coherence tomography (OCT) data, it is common to train classification networks using 2D images originating from volumetric data. Given the micrometer resolution of OCT systems, consecutive images are often very similar in both visible structures and noise. Thus, an inappropriate data split can result in overlap between the training and testing sets, with a large portion of the literature overlooking this aspect. In this study, the effect of improper dataset splitting on model evaluation is demonstrated for two classification tasks using two OCT open-access datasets extensively used in the literature, Kermany's ophthalmology dataset and AIIMS breast tissue dataset. Our results show that the classification accuracy is inflated by 3.9 to 26 percentage units for models tested on a dataset with improper splitting, highlighting the considerable effect of dataset handling on model evaluation. This study intends to raise awareness on the importance of dataset splitting for research on deep learning using OCT data and volumetric data in general.      
### 42.Measuring CLEVRness: Blackbox testing of Visual Reasoning Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12162.pdf)
>  How can we measure the reasoning capabilities of intelligence systems? Visual question answering provides a convenient framework for testing the model's abilities by interrogating the model through questions about the scene. However, despite scores of various visual QA datasets and architectures, which sometimes yield even a super-human performance, the question of whether those architectures can actually reason remains open to debate. To answer this, we extend the visual question answering framework and propose the following behavioral test in the form of a two-player game. We consider black-box neural models of CLEVR. These models are trained on a diagnostic dataset benchmarking reasoning. Next, we train an adversarial player that re-configures the scene to fool the CLEVR model. We show that CLEVR models, which otherwise could perform at a human level, can easily be fooled by our agent. Our results put in doubt whether data-driven approaches can do reasoning without exploiting the numerous biases that are often present in those datasets. Finally, we also propose a controlled experiment measuring the efficiency of such models to learn and perform reasoning.      
### 43.Towards Effective and Robust Neural Trojan Defenses via Input Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12154.pdf)
>  Trojan attacks on deep neural networks are both dangerous and surreptitious. Over the past few years, Trojan attacks have advanced from using only a simple trigger and targeting only one class to using many sophisticated triggers and targeting multiple classes. However, Trojan defenses have not caught up with this development. Most defense methods still make out-of-date assumptions about Trojan triggers and target classes, thus, can be easily circumvented by modern Trojan attacks. In this paper, we advocate general defenses that are effective and robust against various Trojan attacks and propose two novel "filtering" defenses with these characteristics called Variational Input Filtering (VIF) and Adversarial Input Filtering (AIF). VIF and AIF leverage variational inference and adversarial training respectively to purify all potential Trojan triggers in the input at run time without making any assumption about their numbers and forms. We further extend "filtering" to "filtering-then-contrasting" - a new defense mechanism that helps avoid the drop in classification accuracy on clean data caused by filtering. Extensive experimental results show that our proposed defenses significantly outperform 4 well-known defenses in mitigating 5 different Trojan attacks including the two state-of-the-art which defeat many strong defenses.      
### 44.A novel unsupervised covid lung lesion segmentation based on the lung tissue identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12148.pdf)
>  This study aimed to evaluate the performance of a novel unsupervised deep learning-based framework for automated infections lesion segmentation from CT images of Covid patients. In the first step, two residual networks were independently trained to identify the lung tissue for normal and Covid patients in a supervised manner. These two models, referred to as DL-Covid and DL-Norm for Covid-19 and normal patients, respectively, generate the voxel-wise probability maps for lung tissue identification. To detect Covid lesions, the CT image of the Covid patient is processed by the DL-Covid and DL-Norm models to obtain two lung probability maps. Since the DL-Norm model is not familiar with Covid infections within the lung, this model would assign lower probabilities to the lesions than the DL-Covid. Hence, the probability maps of the Covid infections could be generated through the subtraction of the two lung probability maps obtained from the DL-Covid and DL-Norm models. Manual lesion segmentation of 50 Covid-19 CT images was used to assess the accuracy of the unsupervised lesion segmentation approach. The Dice coefficients of 0.985 and 0.978 were achieved for the lung segmentation of normal and Covid patients in the external validation dataset, respectively. Quantitative results of infection segmentation by the proposed unsupervised method showed the Dice coefficient and Jaccard index of 0.67 and 0.60, respectively. Quantitative evaluation of the proposed unsupervised approach for Covid-19 infectious lesion segmentation showed relatively satisfactory results. Since this framework does not require any annotated dataset, it could be used to generate very large training samples for the supervised machine learning algorithms dedicated to noisy and/or weakly annotated datasets.      
### 45.A Transformer-based Network for Deformable Medical Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12104.pdf)
>  Deformable medical image registration plays an important role in clinical diagnosis and treatment. Recently, the deep learning (DL) based image registration methods have been widely investigated and showed excellent performance in computational speed. However, these methods cannot provide enough registration accuracy because of insufficient ability in representing both the global and local features of the moving and fixed images. To address this issue, this paper has proposed the transformer based image registration method. This method uses the distinctive transformer to extract the global and local image features for generating the deformation fields, based on which the registered image is produced in an unsupervised way. Our method can improve the registration accuracy effectively by means of self-attention mechanism and bi-level information flow. Experimental results on such brain MR image datasets as LPBA40 and OASIS-1 demonstrate that compared with several traditional and DL based registration methods, our method provides higher registration accuracy in terms of dice values.      
### 46.Data variation-aware medical image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12099.pdf)
>  Deep learning algorithms have become the golden standard for segmentation of medical imaging data. In most works, the variability and heterogeneity of real clinical data is acknowledged to still be a problem. One way to automatically overcome this is to capture and exploit this variation explicitly. Here, we propose an approach that improves on our previous work in this area and explain how it potentially can improve clinical acceptance of (semi-)automatic segmentation methods. In contrast to a standard neural network that produces one segmentation, we propose to use a multi-pathUnet network that produces multiple segmentation variants, presumably corresponding to the variations that reside in the dataset. Different paths of the network are trained on disjoint data subsets. Because a priori it may be unclear what variations exist in the data, the subsets should be automatically determined. This is achieved by searching for the best data partitioning with an evolutionary optimization algorithm. Because each network path can become more specialized when trained on a more homogeneous data subset, better segmentation quality can be achieved. In practical usage, various automatically produced segmentations can be presented to a medical expert, from which the preferred segmentation can be selected. In experiments with a real clinical dataset of CT scans with prostate segmentations, our approach provides an improvement of several percentage points in terms of Dice and surface Dice coefficients compared to when all network paths are trained on all training data. Noticeably, the largest improvement occurs in the upper part of the prostate that is known to be most prone to inter-observer segmentation variation.      
### 47.Rare Gems: Finding Lottery Tickets at Initialization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.12002.pdf)
>  It has been widely observed that large neural networks can be pruned to a small fraction of their original size, with little loss in accuracy, by typically following a time-consuming "train, prune, re-train" approach. Frankle &amp; Carbin (2018) conjecture that we can avoid this by training lottery tickets, i.e., special sparse subnetworks found at initialization, that can be trained to high accuracy. However, a subsequent line of work presents concrete evidence that current algorithms for finding trainable networks at initialization, fail simple baseline comparisons, e.g., against training random sparse subnetworks. Finding lottery tickets that train to better accuracy compared to simple baselines remains an open problem. In this work, we partially resolve this open problem by discovering rare gems: subnetworks at initialization that attain considerable accuracy, even before training. Refining these rare gems - "by means of fine-tuning" - beats current baselines and leads to accuracy competitive or better than magnitude pruning methods.      
### 48.Auto-scaling Vision Transformers without Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11921.pdf)
>  This work targets automated designing and scaling of Vision Transformers (ViTs). The motivation comes from two pain spots: 1) the lack of efficient and principled methods for designing and scaling ViTs; 2) the tremendous computational cost of training ViT that is much heavier than its convolution counterpart. To tackle these issues, we propose As-ViT, an auto-scaling framework for ViTs without training, which automatically discovers and scales up ViTs in an efficient and principled manner. Specifically, we first design a "seed" ViT topology by leveraging a training-free search process. This extremely fast search is fulfilled by a comprehensive study of ViT's network complexity, yielding a strong Kendall-tau correlation with ground-truth accuracies. Second, starting from the "seed" topology, we automate the scaling rule for ViTs by growing widths/depths to different ViT layers. This results in a series of architectures with different numbers of parameters in a single run. Finally, based on the observation that ViTs can tolerate coarse tokenization in early training stages, we propose a progressive tokenization strategy to train ViTs faster and cheaper. As a unified framework, As-ViT achieves strong performance on classification (83.5% top1 on ImageNet-1k) and detection (52.7% mAP on COCO) without any manual crafting nor scaling of ViT architectures: the end-to-end model design and scaling process cost only 12 hours on one V100 GPU. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VITA-Group/AsViT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 49.When Transformer Meets Robotic Grasping: Exploits Context for Efficient Grasp Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11911.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a transformer-based architecture, namely TF-Grasp, for robotic grasp detection. The developed TF-Grasp framework has two elaborate designs making it well suitable for visual grasping tasks. The first key design is that we adopt the local window attention to capture local contextual information and detailed features of graspable objects. Then, we apply the cross window attention to model the long-term dependencies between distant pixels. Object knowledge, environmental configuration, and relationships between different visual entities are aggregated for subsequent grasp detection. The second key design is that we build a hierarchical encoder-decoder architecture with skip-connections, delivering shallow features from encoder to decoder to enable a multi-scale feature fusion. Due to the powerful attention mechanism, the TF-Grasp can simultaneously obtain the local information (i.e., the contours of objects), and model long-term connections such as the relationships between distinct visual concepts in clutter. Extensive computational experiments demonstrate that the TF-Grasp achieves superior results versus state-of-art grasping convolutional models and attain a higher accuracy of 97.99% and 94.6% on Cornell and Jacquard grasping datasets, respectively. Real-world experiments using a 7DoF Franka Emika Panda robot also demonstrate its capability of grasping unseen objects in a variety of scenarios. The code and pre-trained models will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/WangShaoSUN/grasp-transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 50.Uncertainty-driven Planner for Exploration and Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11907.pdf)
>  We consider the problems of exploration and point-goal navigation in previously unseen environments, where the spatial complexity of indoor scenes and partial observability constitute these tasks challenging. We argue that learning occupancy priors over indoor maps provides significant advantages towards addressing these problems. To this end, we present a novel planning framework that first learns to generate occupancy maps beyond the field-of-view of the agent, and second leverages the model uncertainty over the generated areas to formulate path selection policies for each task of interest. For point-goal navigation the policy chooses paths with an upper confidence bound policy for efficient and traversable paths, while for exploration the policy maximizes model uncertainty over candidate paths. We perform experiments in the visually realistic environments of Matterport3D using the Habitat simulator and demonstrate: 1) Improved results on exploration and map quality metrics over competitive methods, and 2) The effectiveness of our planning module when paired with the state-of-the-art DD-PPO method for the point-goal navigation task.      
### 51.A spectral-spatial fusion anomaly detection method for hyperspectral imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11889.pdf)
>  In hyperspectral, high-quality spectral signals convey subtle spectral differences to distinguish similar materials, thereby providing unique advantage for anomaly detection. Hence fine spectra of anomalous pixels can be effectively screened out from heterogeneous background pixels. Since the same materials have similar characteristics in spatial and spectral dimension, detection performance can be significantly enhanced by jointing spatial and spectral information. In this paper, a spectralspatial fusion anomaly detection (SSFAD) method is proposed for hyperspectral imagery. First, original spectral signals are mapped to a local linear background space composed of median and mean with high confidence, where saliency weight and feature enhancement strategies are implemented to obtain an initial detection map in spectral domain. Futhermore, to make full use of similarity information of local background around testing pixel, a new detector is designed to extract the local similarity spatial features of patch images in spatial domain. Finally, anomalies are detected by adaptively combining the spectral and spatial detection maps. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method has superior detection performance than traditional methods.      
### 52.M2I: From Factored Marginal Trajectory Prediction to Interactive Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11884.pdf)
>  Predicting future motions of road participants is an important task for driving autonomously in urban scenes. Existing models excel at predicting marginal trajectories for single agents, yet it remains an open question to jointly predict scene compliant trajectories over multiple agents. The challenge is due to exponentially increasing prediction space as a function of the number of agents. In this work, we exploit the underlying relations between interacting agents and decouple the joint prediction problem into marginal prediction problems. Our proposed approach M2I first classifies interacting agents as pairs of influencers and reactors, and then leverages a marginal prediction model and a conditional prediction model to predict trajectories for the influencers and reactors, respectively. The predictions from interacting agents are combined and selected according to their joint likelihoods. Experiments show that our simple but effective approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on the Waymo Open Motion Dataset interactive prediction benchmark.      
### 53.A Note on Machine Learning Approach for Computational Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11883.pdf)
>  Computational imaging has been playing a vital role in the development of natural sciences. Advances in sensory, information, and computer technologies have further extended the scope of influence of imaging, making digital images an essential component of our daily lives. For the past three decades, we have witnessed phenomenal developments of mathematical and machine learning methods in computational imaging. In this note, we will review some of the recent developments of the machine learning approach for computational imaging and discuss its differences and relations to the mathematical approach. We will demonstrate how we may combine the wisdom from both approaches, discuss the merits and potentials of such a combination and present some of the new computational and theoretical challenges it brings about.      
### 54.CAISE: Conversational Agent for Image Search and Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11847.pdf)
>  Demand for image editing has been increasing as users' desire for expression is also increasing. However, for most users, image editing tools are not easy to use since the tools require certain expertise in photo effects and have complex interfaces. Hence, users might need someone to help edit their images, but having a personal dedicated human assistant for every user is impossible to scale. For that reason, an automated assistant system for image editing is desirable. Additionally, users want more image sources for diverse image editing works, and integrating an image search functionality into the editing tool is a potential remedy for this demand. Thus, we propose a dataset of an automated Conversational Agent for Image Search and Editing (CAISE). To our knowledge, this is the first dataset that provides conversational image search and editing annotations, where the agent holds a grounded conversation with users and helps them to search and edit images according to their requests. To build such a system, we first collect image search and editing conversations between pairs of annotators. The assistant-annotators are equipped with a customized image search and editing tool to address the requests from the user-annotators. The functions that the assistant-annotators conduct with the tool are recorded as executable commands, allowing the trained system to be useful for real-world application execution. We also introduce a generator-extractor baseline model for this task, which can adaptively select the source of the next token (i.e., from the vocabulary or from textual/visual contexts) for the executable command. This serves as a strong starting point while still leaving a large human-machine performance gap for useful future work. Our code and dataset are publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hyounghk/CAISE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 55.Explanatory Paradigms in Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11838.pdf)
>  In this article, we present a leap-forward expansion to the study of explainability in neural networks by considering explanations as answers to abstract reasoning-based questions. With $P$ as the prediction from a neural network, these questions are `Why P?', `What if not P?', and `Why P, rather than Q?' for a given contrast prediction $Q$. The answers to these questions are observed correlations, observed counterfactuals, and observed contrastive explanations respectively. Together, these explanations constitute the abductive reasoning scheme. We term the three explanatory schemes as observed explanatory paradigms. The term observed refers to the specific case of post-hoc explainability, when an explanatory technique explains the decision $P$ after a trained neural network has made the decision $P$. The primary advantage of viewing explanations through the lens of abductive reasoning-based questions is that explanations can be used as reasons while making decisions. The post-hoc field of explainability, that previously only justified decisions, becomes active by being involved in the decision making process and providing limited, but relevant and contextual interventions. The contributions of this article are: ($i$) realizing explanations as reasoning paradigms, ($ii$) providing a probabilistic definition of observed explanations and their completeness, ($iii$) creating a taxonomy for evaluation of explanations, and ($iv$) positioning gradient-based complete explanainability's replicability and reproducibility across multiple applications and data modalities, ($v$) code repositories, publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/olivesgatech/Explanatory-Paradigms" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.Nuclei panoptic segmentation and composition regression with multi-task deep neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11804.pdf)
>  Nuclear segmentation, classification and quantification within Haematoxylin &amp; Eosin stained histology images enables the extraction of interpretable cell-based features that can be used in downstream explainable models in computational pathology. The Colon Nuclei Identification and Counting (CoNIC) Challenge is held to help drive forward research and innovation for automatic nuclei recognition in computational pathology. This report describes our proposed method submitted to the CoNIC challenge. Our method employs a multi-task learning framework, which performs a panoptic segmentation task and a regression task. For the panoptic segmentation task, we use encoder-decoder type deep neural networks predicting a direction map in addition to a segmentation map in order to separate neighboring nuclei into different instances      
### 57.When do GANs replicate? On the choice of dataset size  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11765.pdf)
>  Do GANs replicate training images? Previous studies have shown that GANs do not seem to replicate training data without significant change in the training procedure. This leads to a series of research on the exact condition needed for GANs to overfit to the training data. Although a number of factors has been theoretically or empirically identified, the effect of dataset size and complexity on GANs replication is still unknown. With empirical evidence from BigGAN and StyleGAN2, on datasets CelebA, Flower and LSUN-bedroom, we show that dataset size and its complexity play an important role in GANs replication and perceptual quality of the generated images. We further quantify this relationship, discovering that replication percentage decays exponentially with respect to dataset size and complexity, with a shared decaying factor across GAN-dataset combinations. Meanwhile, the perceptual image quality follows a U-shape trend w.r.t dataset size. This finding leads to a practical tool for one-shot estimation on minimal dataset size to prevent GAN replication which can be used to guide datasets construction and selection.      
### 58.Single Image Super-Resolution Methods: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11763.pdf)
>  Super-resolution (SR), the process of obtaining high-resolution images from one or more low-resolution observations of the same scene, has been a very popular topic of research in the last few decades in both signal processing and image processing areas. Due to the recent developments in Convolutional Neural Networks, the popularity of SR algorithms has skyrocketed as the barrier of entry has been lowered significantly. Recently, this popularity has spread into video processing areas to the lengths of developing SR models that work in real-time. In this paper, we compare different SR models that specialize in single image processing and will take a glance at how they evolved to take on many different objectives and shapes over the years.      
