# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 24 Feb 2022
### 1.Paying U-Attention to Textures: Multi-Stage Hourglass Vision Transformer for Universal Texture Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11703.pdf)
>  We present a novel U-Attention vision Transformer for universal texture synthesis. We exploit the natural long-range dependencies enabled by the attention mechanism to allow our approach to synthesize diverse textures while preserving their structures in a single inference. We propose a multi-stage hourglass backbone that attends to the global structure and performs patch mapping at varying scales in a coarse-to-fine-to-coarse stream. Further completed by skip connection and convolution designs that propagate and fuse information at different scales, our U-Attention architecture unifies attention to microstructures, mesostructures and macrostructures, and progressively refines synthesis results at successive stages. We show that our method achieves stronger 2$\times$ synthesis than previous work on both stochastic and structured textures while generalizing to unseen textures without fine-tuning. Ablation studies demonstrate the effectiveness of each component of our architecture.      
### 2.Human Motion Detection Using Sharpened Dimensionality Reduction and Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11667.pdf)
>  Sharpened dimensionality reduction (SDR), which belongs to the class of multidimensional projection techniques, has recently been introduced to tackle the challenges in the exploratory and visual analysis of high-dimensional data. SDR has been applied to various real-world datasets, such as human activity sensory data and astronomical datasets. However, manually labeling the samples from the generated projection are expensive. To address this problem, we propose here to use clustering methods such as k-means, Hierarchical Clustering, Density-Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise (DBSCAN), and Spectral Clustering to easily label the 2D projections of high-dimensional data. We test our pipeline of SDR and the clustering methods on a range of synthetic and real-world datasets, including two different public human activity datasets extracted from smartphone accelerometer or gyroscope recordings of various movements. We apply clustering to assess the visual cluster separation of SDR, both qualitatively and quantitatively. We conclude that clustering SDR results yields better labeling results than clustering plain DR, and that k-means is the recommended clustering method for SDR in terms of clustering accuracy, ease-of-use, and computational scalability.      
### 3.Anomaly Detection in 3D Point Clouds using Deep Geometric Descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11660.pdf)
>  We present a new method for the unsupervised detection of geometric anomalies in high-resolution 3D point clouds. In particular, we propose an adaptation of the established student-teacher anomaly detection framework to three dimensions. A student network is trained to match the output of a pretrained teacher network on anomaly-free point clouds. When applied to test data, regression errors between the teacher and the student allow reliable localization of anomalous structures. To construct an expressive teacher network that extracts dense local geometric descriptors, we introduce a novel self-supervised pretraining strategy. The teacher is trained by reconstructing local receptive fields and does not require annotations. Extensive experiments on the comprehensive MVTec 3D Anomaly Detection dataset highlight the effectiveness of our approach, which outperforms the next-best method by a large margin. Ablation studies show that our approach meets the requirements of practical applications regarding performance, runtime, and memory consumption.      
### 4.Image Classification on Small Datasets via Masked Feature Mixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11616.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks require large amounts of labeled data samples. For many real-world applications, this is a major limitation which is commonly treated by augmentation methods. In this work, we address the problem of learning deep neural networks on small datasets. Our proposed architecture called ChimeraMix learns a data augmentation by generating compositions of instances. The generative model encodes images in pairs, combines the features guided by a mask, and creates new samples. For evaluation, all methods are trained from scratch without any additional data. Several experiments on benchmark datasets, e.g. ciFAIR-10, STL-10, and ciFAIR-100, demonstrate the superior performance of ChimeraMix compared to current state-of-the-art methods for classification on small datasets.      
### 5.Amodal Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11542.pdf)
>  Humans have the remarkable ability to perceive objects as a whole, even when parts of them are occluded. This ability of amodal perception forms the basis of our perceptual and cognitive understanding of our world. To enable robots to reason with this capability, we formulate and propose a novel task that we name amodal panoptic segmentation. The goal of this task is to simultaneously predict the pixel-wise semantic segmentation labels of the visible regions of stuff classes and the instance segmentation labels of both the visible and occluded regions of thing classes. To facilitate research on this new task, we extend two established benchmark datasets with pixel-level amodal panoptic segmentation labels that we make publicly available as KITTI-360-APS and BDD100K-APS. We present several strong baselines, along with the amodal panoptic quality (APQ) and amodal parsing coverage (APC) metrics to quantify the performance in an interpretable manner. Furthermore, we propose the novel amodal panoptic segmentation network (APSNet), as a first step towards addressing this task by explicitly modeling the complex relationships between the occluders and occludes. Extensive experimental evaluations demonstrate that APSNet achieves state-of-the-art performance on both benchmarks and more importantly exemplifies the utility of amodal recognition. The benchmarks are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://amodal-panoptic.cs.uni-freiburg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 6.Self-Supervised Transformers for Unsupervised Object Discovery using Normalized Cut  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11539.pdf)
>  Transformers trained with self-supervised learning using self-distillation loss (DINO) have been shown to produce attention maps that highlight salient foreground objects. In this paper, we demonstrate a graph-based approach that uses the self-supervised transformer features to discover an object from an image. Visual tokens are viewed as nodes in a weighted graph with edges representing a connectivity score based on the similarity of tokens. Foreground objects can then be segmented using a normalized graph-cut to group self-similar regions. We solve the graph-cut problem using spectral clustering with generalized eigen-decomposition and show that the second smallest eigenvector provides a cutting solution since its absolute value indicates the likelihood that a token belongs to a foreground object. Despite its simplicity, this approach significantly boosts the performance of unsupervised object discovery: we improve over the recent state of the art LOST by a margin of 6.9%, 8.1%, and 8.1% respectively on the VOC07, VOC12, and COCO20K. The performance can be further improved by adding a second stage class-agnostic detector (CAD). Our proposed method can be easily extended to unsupervised saliency detection and weakly supervised object detection. For unsupervised saliency detection, we improve IoU for 4.9%, 5.2%, 12.9% on ECSSD, DUTS, DUT-OMRON respectively compared to previous state of the art. For weakly supervised object detection, we achieve competitive performance on CUB and ImageNet.      
### 7.Reconstruction Task Finds Universal Winning Tickets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11484.pdf)
>  Pruning well-trained neural networks is effective to achieve a promising accuracy-efficiency trade-off in computer vision regimes. However, most of existing pruning algorithms only focus on the classification task defined on the source domain. Different from the strong transferability of the original model, a pruned network is hard to transfer to complicated downstream tasks such as object detection arXiv:arch-ive/<a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="2012.04643" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.04643">2012.04643</a>. In this paper, we show that the image-level pretrain task is not capable of pruning models for diverse downstream tasks. To mitigate this problem, we introduce image reconstruction, a pixel-level task, into the traditional pruning framework. Concretely, an autoencoder is trained based on the original model, and then the pruning process is optimized with both autoencoder and classification losses. The empirical study on benchmark downstream tasks shows that the proposed method can outperform state-of-the-art results explicitly.      
### 8.Thermal hand image segmentation for biometric recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11462.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a method to identify people by means of thermal (TH) and visible (VIS) hand images acquired simultaneously with a TESTO 882-3 camera. In addition, we also present a new database specially acquired for this work. The real challenge when dealing with TH images is the cold finger areas, which can be confused with the acquisition surface. This problem is solved by taking advantage of the VIS information. We have performed different tests to show how TH and VIS images work in identification problems. Experimental results reveal that TH hand image is as suitable for biometric recognition systems as VIS hand images, and better results are obtained when combining this information. A Biometric Dispersion Matcher has been used as a feature vector dimensionality reduction technique as well as a classification task. Its selection criteria helps to reduce the length of the vectors used to perform identification up to a hundred measurements. Identification rates reach a maximum value of 98.3% under these conditions, when using a database of 104 people.      
### 9.SLOGAN: Handwriting Style Synthesis for Arbitrary-Length and Out-of-Vocabulary Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11456.pdf)
>  Large amounts of labeled data are urgently required for the training of robust text recognizers. However, collecting handwriting data of diverse styles, along with an immense lexicon, is considerably expensive. Although data synthesis is a promising way to relieve data hunger, two key issues of handwriting synthesis, namely, style representation and content embedding, remain unsolved. To this end, we propose a novel method that can synthesize parameterized and controllable handwriting Styles for arbitrary-Length and Out-of-vocabulary text based on a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN), termed SLOGAN. Specifically, we propose a style bank to parameterize the specific handwriting styles as latent vectors, which are input to a generator as style priors to achieve the corresponding handwritten styles. The training of the style bank requires only the writer identification of the source images, rather than attribute annotations. Moreover, we embed the text content by providing an easily obtainable printed style image, so that the diversity of the content can be flexibly achieved by changing the input printed image. Finally, the generator is guided by dual discriminators to handle both the handwriting characteristics that appear as separated characters and in a series of cursive joins. Our method can synthesize words that are not included in the training vocabulary and with various new styles. Extensive experiments have shown that high-quality text images with great style diversity and rich vocabulary can be synthesized using our method, thereby enhancing the robustness of the recognizer.      
### 10.A Novel Self-Supervised Cross-Modal Image Retrieval Method In Remote Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11429.pdf)
>  Due to the availability of multi-modal remote sensing (RS) image archives, one of the most important research topics is the development of cross-modal RS image retrieval (CM-RSIR) methods that search semantically similar images across different modalities. Existing CM-RSIR methods require annotated training images (which is time-consuming, costly and not feasible to gather in large-scale applications) and do not concurrently address intra- and inter-modal similarity preservation and inter-modal discrepancy elimination. In this paper, we introduce a novel self-supervised cross-modal image retrieval method that aims to: i) model mutual-information between different modalities in a self-supervised manner; ii) retain the distributions of modal-specific feature spaces similar; and iii) define most similar images within each modality without requiring any annotated training images. To this end, we propose a novel objective including three loss functions that simultaneously: i) maximize mutual information of different modalities for inter-modal similarity preservation; ii) minimize the angular distance of multi-modal image tuples for the elimination of inter-modal discrepancies; and iii) increase cosine similarity of most similar images within each modality for the characterization of intra-modal similarities. Experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed method compared to state-of-the-art methods. The code of the proposed method is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.tu-berlin.de/rsim/SS-CM-RSIR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.ProFormer: Learning Data-efficient Representations of Body Movement with Prototype-based Feature Augmentation and Visual Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11423.pdf)
>  Automatically understanding human behaviour allows household robots to identify the most critical needs and plan how to assist the human according to the current situation. However, the majority of such methods are developed under the assumption that a large amount of labelled training examples is available for all concepts-of-interest. Robots, on the other hand, operate in constantly changing unstructured environments, and need to adapt to novel action categories from very few samples. Methods for data-efficient recognition from body poses increasingly leverage skeleton sequences structured as image-like arrays and then used as input to convolutional neural networks. We look at this paradigm from the perspective of transformer networks, for the first time exploring visual transformers as data-efficient encoders of skeleton movement. In our pipeline, body pose sequences cast as image-like representations are converted into patch embeddings and then passed to a visual transformer backbone optimized with deep metric learning. Inspired by recent success of feature enhancement methods in semi-supervised learning, we further introduce ProFormer -- an improved training strategy which uses soft-attention applied on iteratively estimated action category prototypes used to augment the embeddings and compute an auxiliary consistency loss. Extensive experiments consistently demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach for one-shot recognition from body poses, achieving state-of-the-art results on multiple datasets and surpassing the best published approach on the challenging NTU-120 one-shot benchmark by 1.84%. Our code will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/KPeng9510/ProFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Deep Metric Learning-Based Semi-Supervised Regression With Alternate Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11388.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel deep metric learning-based semi-supervised regression (DML-S2R) method for parameter estimation problems. The proposed DML-S2R method aims to mitigate the problems of insufficient amount of labeled samples without collecting any additional samples with target values. To this end, the proposed DML-S2R method is made up of two main steps: i) pairwise similarity modeling with scarce labeled data; and ii) triplet-based metric learning with abundant unlabeled data. The first step aims to model pairwise sample similarities by using a small number of labeled samples. This is achieved by estimating the target value differences of labeled samples with a Siamese neural network (SNN). The second step aims to learn a triplet-based metric space (in which similar samples are close to each other and dissimilar samples are far apart from each other) when the number of labeled samples is insufficient. This is achieved by employing the SNN of the first step for triplet-based deep metric learning that exploits not only labeled samples but also unlabeled samples. For the end-to-end training of DML-S2R, we investigate an alternate learning strategy for the two steps. Due to this strategy, the encoded information in each step becomes a guidance for learning the other step. The experimental results confirm the success of DML-S2R compared to the state-of-the-art semi-supervised regression methods. The code of the proposed method is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.tu-berlin.de/rsim/DML-S2R" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Multi-Teacher Knowledge Distillation for Incremental Implicitly-Refined Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11384.pdf)
>  Incremental learning methods can learn new classes continually by distilling knowledge from the last model (as a teacher model) to the current model (as a student model) in the sequentially learning process. However, these methods cannot work for Incremental Implicitly-Refined Classification (IIRC), an incremental learning extension where the incoming classes could have two granularity levels, a superclass label and a subclass label. This is because the previously learned superclass knowledge may be occupied by the subclass knowledge learned sequentially. To solve this problem, we propose a novel Multi-Teacher Knowledge Distillation (MTKD) strategy. To preserve the subclass knowledge, we use the last model as a general teacher to distill the previous knowledge for the student model. To preserve the superclass knowledge, we use the initial model as a superclass teacher to distill the superclass knowledge as the initial model contains abundant superclass knowledge. However, distilling knowledge from two teacher models could result in the student model making some redundant predictions. We further propose a post-processing mechanism, called as Top-k prediction restriction to reduce the redundant predictions. Our experimental results on IIRC-ImageNet120 and IIRC-CIFAR100 show that the proposed method can achieve better classification accuracy compared with existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 14.Multi-scale Sparse Representation-Based Shadow Inpainting for Retinal OCT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11377.pdf)
>  Inpainting shadowed regions cast by superficial blood vessels in retinal optical coherence tomography (OCT) images is critical for accurate and robust machine analysis and clinical diagnosis. Traditional sequence-based approaches such as propagating neighboring information to gradually fill in the missing regions are cost-effective. But they generate less satisfactory outcomes when dealing with larger missing regions and texture-rich structures. Emerging deep learning-based methods such as encoder-decoder networks have shown promising results in natural image inpainting tasks. However, they typically need a long computational time for network training in addition to the high demand on the size of datasets, which makes it difficult to be applied on often small medical datasets. To address these challenges, we propose a novel multi-scale shadow inpainting framework for OCT images by synergically applying sparse representation and deep learning: sparse representation is used to extract features from a small amount of training images for further inpainting and to regularize the image after the multi-scale image fusion, while convolutional neural network (CNN) is employed to enhance the image quality. During the image inpainting, we divide preprocessed input images into different branches based on the shadow width to harvest complementary information from different scales. Finally, a sparse representation-based regularizing module is designed to refine the generated contents after multi-scale feature aggregation. Experiments are conducted to compare our proposal versus both traditional and deep learning-based techniques on synthetic and real-world shadows. Results demonstrate that our proposed method achieves favorable image inpainting in terms of visual quality and quantitative metrics, especially when wide shadows are presented.      
### 15.Skeleton Sequence and RGB Frame Based Multi-Modality Feature Fusion Network for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11374.pdf)
>  Action recognition has been a heated topic in computer vision for its wide application in vision systems. Previous approaches achieve improvement by fusing the modalities of the skeleton sequence and RGB video. However, such methods have a dilemma between the accuracy and efficiency for the high complexity of the RGB video network. To solve the problem, we propose a multi-modality feature fusion network to combine the modalities of the skeleton sequence and RGB frame instead of the RGB video, as the key information contained by the combination of skeleton sequence and RGB frame is close to that of the skeleton sequence and RGB video. In this way, the complementary information is retained while the complexity is reduced by a large margin. To better explore the correspondence of the two modalities, a two-stage fusion framework is introduced in the network. In the early fusion stage, we introduce a skeleton attention module that projects the skeleton sequence on the single RGB frame to help the RGB frame focus on the limb movement regions. In the late fusion stage, we propose a cross-attention module to fuse the skeleton feature and the RGB feature by exploiting the correlation. Experiments on two benchmarks NTU RGB+D and SYSU show that the proposed model achieves competitive performance compared with the state-of-the-art methods while reduces the complexity of the network.      
### 16.Localizing Small Apples in Complex Apple Orchard Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11372.pdf)
>  The localization of fruits is an essential first step in automated agricultural pipelines for yield estimation or fruit picking. One example of this is the localization of apples in images of entire apple trees. Since the apples are very small objects in such scenarios, we tackle this problem by adapting the object proposal generation system AttentionMask that focuses on small objects. We adapt AttentionMask by either adding a new module for very small apples or integrating it into a tiling framework. Both approaches clearly outperform standard object proposal generation systems on the MinneApple dataset covering complex apple orchard environments. Our evaluation further analyses the improvement w.r.t. the apple sizes and shows the different characteristics of our two approaches.      
### 17.Deepfake Detection for Facial Images with Facemasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11359.pdf)
>  Hyper-realistic face image generation and manipulation have givenrise to numerous unethical social issues, e.g., invasion of privacy,threat of security, and malicious political maneuvering, which re-sulted in the development of recent deepfake detection methodswith the rising demands of deepfake forensics. Proposed deepfakedetection methods to date have shown remarkable detection perfor-mance and robustness. However, none of the suggested deepfakedetection methods assessed the performance of deepfakes withthe facemask during the pandemic crisis after the outbreak of theCovid-19. In this paper, we thoroughly evaluate the performance ofstate-of-the-art deepfake detection models on the deepfakes withthe facemask. Also, we propose two approaches to enhance themasked deepfakes detection:face-patchandface-crop. The experi-mental evaluations on both methods are assessed through the base-line deepfake detection models on the various deepfake datasets.Our extensive experiments show that, among the two methods,face-cropperforms better than theface-patch, and could be a trainmethod for deepfake detection models to detect fake faces withfacemask in real world.      
### 18.EcoFusion: Energy-Aware Adaptive Sensor Fusion for Efficient Autonomous Vehicle Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11330.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles use multiple sensors, large deep-learning models, and powerful hardware platforms to perceive the environment and navigate safely. In many contexts, some sensing modalities negatively impact perception while increasing energy consumption. We propose EcoFusion: an energy-aware sensor fusion approach that uses context to adapt the fusion method and reduce energy consumption without affecting perception performance. EcoFusion performs up to 9.5% better at object detection than existing fusion methods with approximately 60% less energy and 58% lower latency on the industry-standard Nvidia Drive PX2 hardware platform. We also propose several context-identification strategies, implement a joint optimization between energy and performance, and present scenario-specific results.      
### 19.Absolute Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11319.pdf)
>  Considering the increasing concerns about data copyright and privacy issues, we present a novel Absolute Zero-Shot Learning (AZSL) paradigm, i.e., training a classifier with zero real data. The key innovation is to involve a teacher model as the data safeguard to guide the AZSL model training without data leaking. The AZSL model consists of a generator and student network, which can achieve date-free knowledge transfer while maintaining the performance of the teacher network. We investigate `black-box' and `white-box' scenarios in AZSL task as different levels of model security. Besides, we also provide discussion of teacher model in both inductive and transductive settings. Despite embarrassingly simple implementations and data-missing disadvantages, our AZSL framework can retain state-of-the-art ZSL and GZSL performance under the `white-box' scenario. Extensive qualitative and quantitative analysis also demonstrates promising results when deploying the model under `black-box' scenario.      
### 20.Reliable Inlier Evaluation for Unsupervised Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11292.pdf)
>  Unsupervised point cloud registration algorithm usually suffers from the unsatisfied registration precision in the partially overlapping problem due to the lack of effective inlier evaluation. In this paper, we propose a neighborhood consensus based reliable inlier evaluation method for robust unsupervised point cloud registration. It is expected to capture the discriminative geometric difference between the source neighborhood and the corresponding pseudo target neighborhood for effective inlier distinction. Specifically, our model consists of a matching map refinement module and an inlier evaluation module. In our matching map refinement module, we improve the point-wise matching map estimation by integrating the matching scores of neighbors into it. The aggregated neighborhood information potentially facilitates the discriminative map construction so that high-quality correspondences can be provided for generating the pseudo target point cloud. Based on the observation that the outlier has the significant structure-wise difference between its source neighborhood and corresponding pseudo target neighborhood while this difference for inlier is small, the inlier evaluation module exploits this difference to score the inlier confidence for each estimated correspondence. In particular, we construct an effective graph representation for capturing this geometric difference between the neighborhoods. Finally, with the learned correspondences and the corresponding inlier confidence, we use the weighted SVD algorithm for transformation estimation. Under the unsupervised setting, we exploit the Huber function based global alignment loss, the local neighborhood consensus loss, and spatial consistency loss for model optimization. The experimental results on extensive datasets demonstrate that our unsupervised point cloud registration method can yield comparable performance.      
### 21.LPF-Defense: 3D Adversarial Defense based on Frequency Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11287.pdf)
>  Although 3D point cloud classification has recently been widely deployed in different application scenarios, it is still very vulnerable to adversarial attacks. This increases the importance of robust training of 3D models in the face of adversarial attacks. Based on our analysis on the performance of existing adversarial attacks, more adversarial perturbations are found in the mid and high-frequency components of input data. Therefore, by suppressing the high-frequency content in the training phase, the models robustness against adversarial examples is improved. Experiments showed that the proposed defense method decreases the success rate of six attacks on PointNet, PointNet++ ,, and DGCNN models. In particular, improvements are achieved with an average increase of classification accuracy by 3.8 % on drop100 attack and 4.26 % on drop200 attack compared to the state-of-the-art methods. The method also improves models accuracy on the original dataset compared to other available methods.      
### 22.An End-to-End Cascaded Image Deraining and Object Detection Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11279.pdf)
>  While the deep learning-based image deraining methods have made great progress in recent years, there are two major shortcomings in their application in real-world situations. Firstly, the gap between the low-level vision task represented by rain removal and the high-level vision task represented by object detection is significant, and the low-level vision task can hardly contribute to the high-level vision task. Secondly, the quality of the deraining dataset needs to be improved. In fact, the rain lines in many baselines have a large gap with the real rain lines, and the resolution of the deraining dataset images is generally not ideally. Meanwhile, there are few common datasets for both the low-level vision task and the high-level vision task. In this paper, we explore the combination of the low-level vision task with the high-level vision task. Specifically, we propose an end-to-end object detection network for reducing the impact of rainfall, which consists of two cascaded networks, an improved image deraining network and an object detection network, respectively. We also design the components of the loss function to accommodate the characteristics of the different sub-networks. We then propose a dataset based on the KITTI dataset for rainfall removal and object detection, on which our network surpasses the state-of-the-art with a significant improvement in metrics. Besides, our proposed network is measured on driving videos collected by self-driving vehicles and shows positive results for rain removal and object detection.      
### 23.FUNQUE: Fusion of Unified Quality Evaluators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11241.pdf)
>  Fusion-based quality assessment has emerged as a powerful method for developing high-performance quality models from quality models that individually achieve lower performances. A prominent example of such an algorithm is VMAF, which has been widely adopted as an industry standard for video quality prediction along with SSIM. In addition to advancing the state-of-the-art, it is imperative to alleviate the computational burden presented by the use of a heterogeneous set of quality models. In this paper, we unify "atom" quality models by computing them on a common transform domain that accounts for the Human Visual System, and we propose FUNQUE, a quality model that fuses unified quality evaluators. We demonstrate that in comparison to the state-of-the-art, FUNQUE offers significant improvements in both correlation against subjective scores and efficiency, due to computation sharing.      
### 24.Retrieval Augmented Classification for Long-Tail Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11233.pdf)
>  We introduce Retrieval Augmented Classification (RAC), a generic approach to augmenting standard image classification pipelines with an explicit retrieval module. RAC consists of a standard base image encoder fused with a parallel retrieval branch that queries a non-parametric external memory of pre-encoded images and associated text snippets. We apply RAC to the problem of long-tail classification and demonstrate a significant improvement over previous state-of-the-art on Places365-LT and iNaturalist-2018 (14.5% and 6.7% respectively), despite using only the training datasets themselves as the external information source. We demonstrate that RAC's retrieval module, without prompting, learns a high level of accuracy on tail classes. This, in turn, frees the base encoder to focus on common classes, and improve its performance thereon. RAC represents an alternative approach to utilizing large, pretrained models without requiring fine-tuning, as well as a first step towards more effectively making use of external memory within common computer vision architectures.      
### 25.Enabling Efficient Deep Convolutional Neural Network-based Sensor Fusion for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11231.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving demands accurate perception and safe decision-making. To achieve this, automated vehicles are now equipped with multiple sensors (e.g., camera, Lidar, etc.), enabling them to exploit complementary environmental context by fusing data from different sensing modalities. With the success of Deep Convolutional Neural Network(DCNN), the fusion between DCNNs has been proved as a promising strategy to achieve satisfactory perception accuracy. However, mainstream existing DCNN fusion schemes conduct fusion by directly element-wisely adding feature maps extracted from different modalities together at various stages, failing to consider whether the features being fused are matched or not. Therefore, we first propose a feature disparity metric to quantitatively measure the degree of feature disparity between the feature maps being fused. We then propose Fusion-filter as a feature-matching techniques to tackle the feature-mismatching issue. We also propose a Layer-sharing technique in the deep layer that can achieve better accuracy with less computational overhead. Together with the help of the feature disparity to be an additional loss, our proposed technologies enable DCNN to learn corresponding feature maps with similar characteristics and complementary visual context from different modalities to achieve better accuracy. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed fusion technique can achieve better accuracy on KITTI dataset with less computational resources demand.      
### 26.Arbitrary Shape Text Detection using Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11221.pdf)
>  Recent text detection frameworks require several handcrafted components such as anchor generation, non-maximum suppression (NMS), or multiple processing stages (e.g. label generation) to detect arbitrarily shaped text images. In contrast, we propose an end-to-end trainable architecture based on Detection using Transformers (DETR), that outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods in arbitrary-shaped text detection. At its core, our proposed method leverages a bounding box loss function that accurately measures the arbitrary detected text regions' changes in scale and aspect ratio. This is possible due to a hybrid shape representation made from Bezier curves, that are further split into piece-wise polygons. The proposed loss function is then a combination of a generalized-split-intersection-over-union loss defined over the piece-wise polygons and regularized by a Smooth-$\ln$ regression over the Bezier curve's control points. We evaluate our proposed model using Total-Text and CTW-1500 datasets for curved text, and MSRA-TD500 and ICDAR15 datasets for multi-oriented text, and show that the proposed method outperforms the previous state-of-the-art methods in arbitrary-shape text detection tasks.      
### 27.Learning with Free Object Segments for Long-Tailed Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11124.pdf)
>  One fundamental challenge in building an instance segmentation model for a large number of classes in complex scenes is the lack of training examples, especially for rare objects. In this paper, we explore the possibility to increase the training examples without laborious data collection and annotation. We find that an abundance of instance segments can potentially be obtained freely from object-centric im-ages, according to two insights: (i) an object-centric image usually contains one salient object in a simple background; (ii) objects from the same class often share similar appearances or similar contrasts to the background. Motivated by these insights, we propose a simple and scalable framework FreeSeg for extracting and leveraging these "free" object foreground segments to facilitate model training in long-tailed instance segmentation. Concretely, we employ off-the-shelf object foreground extraction techniques (e.g., image co-segmentation) to generate instance mask candidates, followed by segments refinement and ranking. The resulting high-quality object segments can be used to augment the existing long-tailed dataset, e.g., by copying and pasting the segments onto the original training images. On the LVIS benchmark, we show that FreeSeg yields substantial improvements on top of strong baselines and achieves state-of-the-art accuracy for segmenting rare object categories.      
### 28.Deep Bayesian ICP Covariance Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11607.pdf)
>  Covariance estimation for the Iterative Closest Point (ICP) point cloud registration algorithm is essential for state estimation and sensor fusion purposes. We argue that a major source of error for ICP is in the input data itself, from the sensor noise to the scene geometry. Benefiting from recent developments in deep learning for point clouds, we propose a data-driven approach to learn an error model for ICP. We estimate covariances modeling data-dependent heteroscedastic aleatoric uncertainty, and epistemic uncertainty using a variational Bayesian approach. The system evaluation is performed on LiDAR odometry on different datasets, highlighting good results in comparison to the state of the art.      
### 29.Diffractive optical system design by cascaded propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11535.pdf)
>  Modern design of complex optical systems relies heavily on computational tools. These typically utilize geometrical optics as well as Fourier optics, which enables the use of diffractive elements to manipulate light with features on the scale of a wavelength. Fourier optics is typically used for designing thin elements, placed in the system's aperture, generating a shift-invariant Point Spread Function (PSF). A major bottleneck in applying Fourier Optics in many cases of interest, e.g. when dealing with multiple, or out-of-aperture elements, comes from numerical complexity. In this work, we propose and implement an efficient and differentiable propagation model based on the Collins integral, which enables the optimization of diffraction optical systems with unprecedented design freedom using backpropagation. We demonstrate the applicability of our method, numerically and experimentally, by engineering shift-variant PSFs via thin plate elements placed in arbitrary planes inside complex imaging systems, performing cascaded optimization of multiple planes, and designing optimal machine-vision systems by deep learning.      
### 30.Weakly-supervised learning for image-based classification of primary melanomas into genomic immune subgroups  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11524.pdf)
>  Determining early-stage prognostic markers and stratifying patients for effective treatment are two key challenges for improving outcomes for melanoma patients. Previous studies have used tumour transcriptome data to stratify patients into immune subgroups, which were associated with differential melanoma specific survival and potential treatment strategies. However, acquiring transcriptome data is a time-consuming and costly process. Moreover, it is not routinely used in the current clinical workflow. Here we attempt to overcome this by developing deep learning models to classify gigapixel H&amp;E stained pathology slides, which are well established in clinical workflows, into these immune subgroups. Previous subtyping approaches have employed supervised learning which requires fully annotated data, or have only examined single genetic mutations in melanoma patients. We leverage a multiple-instance learning approach, which only requires slide-level labels and uses an attention mechanism to highlight regions of high importance to the classification. Moreover, we show that pathology-specific self-supervised models generate better representations compared to pathology-agnostic models for improving our model performance, achieving a mean AUC of 0.76 for classifying histopathology images as high or low immune subgroups. We anticipate that this method may allow us to find new biomarkers of high importance and could act as a tool for clinicians to infer the immune landscape of tumours and stratify patients, without needing to carry out additional expensive genetic tests.      
### 31.Visual-tactile sensing for Real-time liquid Volume Estimation in Grasping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11503.pdf)
>  We propose a deep visuo-tactile model for realtime estimation of the liquid inside a deformable container in a proprioceptive way.We fuse two sensory modalities, i.e., the raw visual inputs from the RGB camera and the tactile cues from our specific tactile sensor without any extra sensor calibrations.The robotic system is well controlled and adjusted based on the estimation model in real time. The main contributions and novelties of our work are listed as follows: 1) Explore a proprioceptive way for liquid volume estimation by developing an end-to-end predictive model with multi-modal convolutional networks, which achieve a high precision with an error of around 2 ml in the experimental validation. 2) Propose a multi-task learning architecture which comprehensively considers the losses from both classification and regression tasks, and comparatively evaluate the performance of each variant on the collected data and actual robotic platform. 3) Utilize the proprioceptive robotic system to accurately serve and control the requested volume of liquid, which is continuously flowing into a deformable container in real time. 4) Adaptively adjust the grasping plan to achieve more stable grasping and manipulation according to the real-time liquid volume prediction.      
### 32.MITI: SLAM Benchmark for Laparoscopic Surgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11496.pdf)
>  We propose a new benchmark for evaluating stereoscopic visual-inertial computer vision algorithms (SLAM/ SfM/ 3D Reconstruction/ Visual-Inertial Odometry) for minimally invasive surgical (MIS) interventions in the abdomen. Our MITI Dataset available at [<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://mediatum.ub.tum.de/1621941" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>] provides all the necessary data by a complete recording of a handheld surgical intervention at Research Hospital Rechts der Isar of TUM. It contains multimodal sensor information from IMU, stereoscopic video, and infrared (IR) tracking as ground truth for evaluation. Furthermore, calibration for the stereoscope, accelerometer, magnetometer, the rigid transformations in the sensor setup, and time-offsets are available. We wisely chose a suitable intervention that contains very few cutting and tissue deformation and shows a full scan of the abdomen with a handheld camera such that it is ideal for testing SLAM algorithms. Intending to promote the progress of visual-inertial algorithms designed for MIS application, we hope that our clinical training dataset helps and enables researchers to enhance algorithms.      
### 33.Augmentation based unsupervised domain adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11486.pdf)
>  The insertion of deep learning in medical image analysis had lead to the development of state-of-the art strategies in several applications such a disease classification, as well as abnormality detection and segmentation. However, even the most advanced methods require a huge and diverse amount of data to generalize. Because in realistic clinical scenarios, data acquisition and annotation is expensive, deep learning models trained on small and unrepresentative data tend to outperform when deployed in data that differs from the one used for training (e.g data from different scanners). In this work, we proposed a domain adaptation methodology to alleviate this problem in segmentation models. Our approach takes advantage of the properties of adversarial domain adaptation and consistency training to achieve more robust adaptation. Using two datasets with white matter hyperintensities (WMH) annotations, we demonstrated that the proposed method improves model generalization even in corner cases where individual strategies tend to fail.      
### 34.On PAC-Bayesian reconstruction guarantees for VAEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11455.pdf)
>  Despite its wide use and empirical successes, the theoretical understanding and study of the behaviour and performance of the variational autoencoder (VAE) have only emerged in the past few years. We contribute to this recent line of work by analysing the VAE's reconstruction ability for unseen test data, leveraging arguments from the PAC-Bayes theory. We provide generalisation bounds on the theoretical reconstruction error, and provide insights on the regularisation effect of VAE objectives. We illustrate our theoretical results with supporting experiments on classical benchmark datasets.      
### 35.Mixed-Block Neural Architecture Search for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11401.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have the potential for making various clinical procedures more time-efficient by automating medical image segmentation. Due to their strong, in some cases human-level, performance, they have become the standard approach in this field. The design of the best possible medical image segmentation DNNs, however, is task-specific. Neural Architecture Search (NAS), i.e., the automation of neural network design, has been shown to have the capability to outperform manually designed networks for various tasks. However, the existing NAS methods for medical image segmentation have explored a quite limited range of types of DNN architectures that can be discovered. In this work, we propose a novel NAS search space for medical image segmentation networks. This search space combines the strength of a generalised encoder-decoder structure, well known from U-Net, with network blocks that have proven to have a strong performance in image classification tasks. The search is performed by looking for the best topology of multiple cells simultaneously with the configuration of each cell within, allowing for interactions between topology and cell-level attributes. From experiments on two publicly available datasets, we find that the networks discovered by our proposed NAS method have better performance than well-known handcrafted segmentation networks, and outperform networks found with other NAS approaches that perform only topology search, and topology-level search followed by cell-level search.      
### 36.Commonsense Reasoning for Identifying and Understanding the Implicit Need of Help and Synthesizing Assistive Actions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11337.pdf)
>  Human-Robot Interaction (HRI) is an emerging subfield of service robotics. While most existing approaches rely on explicit signals (i.e. voice, gesture) to engage, current literature is lacking solutions to address implicit user needs. In this paper, we present an architecture to (a) detect user implicit need of help and (b) generate a set of assistive actions without prior learning. Task (a) will be performed using state-of-the-art solutions for Scene Graph Generation coupled to the use of commonsense knowledge; whereas, task (b) will be performed using additional commonsense knowledge as well as a sentiment analysis on graph structure. Finally, we propose an evaluation of our solution using established benchmarks (e.g. ActionGenome dataset) along with human experiments. The main motivation of our approach is the embedding of the perception-decision-action loop in a single architecture.      
### 37.Are We Ready for Robust and Resilient SLAM? A Framework For Quantitative Characterization of SLAM Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11312.pdf)
>  Reliability of SLAM systems is considered one of the critical requirements in many modern autonomous systems. This directed the efforts to developing many state-of-the-art systems, creating challenging datasets, and introducing rigorous metrics to measure SLAM system performance. However, the link between datasets and performance in the robustness/resilience context has rarely been explored. In order to fill this void, characterization the operating conditions of SLAM systems is essential in order to provide an environment for quantitative measurement of robustness and resilience. In this paper, we argue that for proper evaluation of SLAM performance, the characterization of SLAM datasets serves as a critical first step. The study starts by reviewing previous efforts for quantitative characterization of SLAM datasets. Then, the problem of perturbations characterization is discussed and the linkage to SLAM robustness/resilience is established. After that, we propose a novel, generic and extendable framework for quantitative analysis and comparison of SLAM datasets. Additionally, a description of different characterization parameters is provided. Finally, we demonstrate the application of our framework by presenting the characterization results of three SLAM datasets: KITTI, EuroC-MAV, and TUM-VI highlighting the level of insights achieved by the proposed framework.      
### 38.Label-Smoothed Backdoor Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11203.pdf)
>  By injecting a small number of poisoned samples into the training set, backdoor attacks aim to make the victim model produce designed outputs on any input injected with pre-designed backdoors. In order to achieve a high attack success rate using as few poisoned training samples as possible, most existing attack methods change the labels of the poisoned samples to the target class. This practice often results in severe over-fitting of the victim model over the backdoors, making the attack quite effective in output control but easier to be identified by human inspection or automatic defense algorithms. <br>In this work, we proposed a label-smoothing strategy to overcome the over-fitting problem of these attack methods, obtaining a \textit{Label-Smoothed Backdoor Attack} (LSBA). In the LSBA, the label of the poisoned sample $\bm{x}$ will be changed to the target class with a probability of $p_n(\bm{x})$ instead of 100\%, and the value of $p_n(\bm{x})$ is specifically designed to make the prediction probability the target class be only slightly greater than those of the other classes. Empirical studies on several existing backdoor attacks show that our strategy can considerably improve the stealthiness of these attacks and, at the same time, achieve a high attack success rate. In addition, our strategy makes it able to manually control the prediction probability of the design output through manipulating the applied and activated number of LSBAs\footnote{Source code will be published at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/v-mipeng/LabelSmoothedAttack.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 39.Indiscriminate Poisoning Attacks on Unsupervised Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11202.pdf)
>  Indiscriminate data poisoning attacks are quite effective against supervised learning. However, not much is known about their impact on unsupervised contrastive learning (CL). This paper is the first to consider indiscriminate data poisoning attacks on contrastive learning, demonstrating the feasibility of such attacks, and their differences from indiscriminate poisoning of supervised learning. We also highlight differences between contrastive learning algorithms, and show that some algorithms (e.g., SimCLR) are more vulnerable than others (e.g., MoCo). We differentiate between two types of data poisoning attacks: sample-wise attacks, which add specific noise to each image, cause the largest drop in accuracy, but do not transfer well across SimCLR, MoCo, and BYOL. In contrast, attacks that use class-wise noise, though cause a smaller drop in accuracy, transfer well across different CL algorithms. Finally, we show that a new data augmentation based on matrix completion can be highly effective in countering data poisoning attacks on unsupervised contrastive learning.      
### 40.Roto-Translation Equivariant Super-Resolution of Two-Dimensional Flows Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11099.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) often process vectors as quantities having no direction like colors in images. This study investigates the effect of treating vectors as geometrical objects in terms of super-resolution of velocity on two-dimensional fluids. Vector is distinguished from scalar by the transformation law associated with a change in basis, which can be incorporated as the prior knowledge using the equivariant deep learning. We convert existing CNNs into equivariant ones by making each layer equivariant with respect to rotation and translation. The training data in the low- and high-resolution are generated with the downsampling or the spectral nudging. When the data inherit the rotational symmetry, the equivariant CNNs show comparable accuracy with the non-equivariant ones. Since the number of parameters is smaller in the equivariant CNNs, these models are trainable with a smaller size of the data. In this case, the transformation law of vector should be incorporated as the prior knowledge, where vector is explicitly treated as a quantity having direction. Two examples demonstrate that the symmetry of the data can be broken. In the first case, a downsampling method makes the correspondence between low- and high-resolution patterns dependent on the orientation. In the second case, the input data are insufficient to recognize the rotation of coordinates in the experiment with the spectral nudging. In both cases, the accuracy of the CNNs deteriorates if the equivariance is forced to be imposed, and the usage of conventional CNNs may be justified even though vector is processed as a quantity having no direction.      
