# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 3 Feb 2022
### 1.An Eye for an Eye: Defending against Gradient-based Attacks with Gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01117.pdf)
>  Deep learning models have been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks. In particular, gradient-based attacks have demonstrated high success rates recently. The gradient measures how each image pixel affects the model output, which contains critical information for generating malicious perturbations. In this paper, we show that the gradients can also be exploited as a powerful weapon to defend against adversarial attacks. By using both gradient maps and adversarial images as inputs, we propose a Two-stream Restoration Network (TRN) to restore the adversarial images. To optimally restore the perturbed images with two streams of inputs, a Gradient Map Estimation Mechanism is proposed to estimate the gradients of adversarial images, and a Fusion Block is designed in TRN to explore and fuse the information in two streams. Once trained, our TRN can defend against a wide range of attack methods without significantly degrading the performance of benign inputs. Also, our method is generalizable, scalable, and hard to bypass. Experimental results on CIFAR10, SVHN, and Fashion MNIST demonstrate that our method outperforms state-of-the-art defense methods.      
### 2.MMSys'22 Grand Challenge on AI-based Video Production for Soccer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01031.pdf)
>  Soccer has a considerable market share of the global sports industry, and the interest in viewing videos from soccer games continues to grow. In this respect, it is important to provide game summaries and highlights of the main game events. However, annotating and producing events and summaries often require expensive equipment and a lot of tedious, cumbersome, manual labor. Therefore, automating the video production pipeline providing fast game highlights at a much lower cost is seen as the "holy grail". In this context, recent developments in Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology have shown great potential. Still, state-of-the-art approaches are far from being adequate for practical scenarios that have demanding real-time requirements, as well as strict performance criteria (where at least the detection of official events such as goals and cards must be 100% accurate). In addition, event detection should be thoroughly enhanced by annotation and classification, proper clipping, generating short descriptions, selecting appropriate thumbnails for highlight clips, and finally, combining the event highlights into an overall game summary, similar to what is commonly aired during sports news. Even though the event tagging operation has by far received the most attention, an end-to-end video production pipeline also includes various other operations which serve the overall purpose of automated soccer analysis. This challenge aims to assist the automation of such a production pipeline using AI. In particular, we focus on the enhancement operations that take place after an event has been detected, namely event clipping (Task 1), thumbnail selection (Task 2), and game summarization (Task 3). Challenge website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://mmsys2022.ie/authors/grand-challenge" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.CSFlow: Learning Optical Flow via Cross Strip Correlation for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00909.pdf)
>  Optical flow estimation is an essential task in self-driving systems, which helps autonomous vehicles perceive temporal continuity information of surrounding scenes. The calculation of all-pair correlation plays an important role in many existing state-of-the-art optical flow estimation methods. However, the reliance on local knowledge often limits the model's accuracy under complex street scenes. In this paper, we propose a new deep network architecture for optical flow estimation in autonomous driving--CSFlow, which consists of two novel modules: Cross Strip Correlation module (CSC) and Correlation Regression Initialization module (CRI). CSC utilizes a striping operation across the target image and the attended image to encode global context into correlation volumes, while maintaining high efficiency. CRI is used to maximally exploit the global context for optical flow initialization. Our method has achieved state-of-the-art accuracy on the public autonomous driving dataset KITTI-2015. Code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MasterHow/CSFlow" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Image Forgery Detection with Interpretability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00908.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a learning based method focusing on the convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture to detect these forgeries. We consider the detection of both copy-move forgeries and inpainting based forgeries. For these, we synthesize our own large dataset. In addition to classification, the focus is also on interpretability of the forgery detection. As the CNN classification yields the image-level label, it is important to understand if forged region has indeed contributed to the classification. For this purpose, we demonstrate using the Grad-CAM heatmap, that in various correctly classified examples, that the forged region is indeed the region contributing to the classification. Interestingly, this is also applicable for small forged regions, as is depicted in our results. Such an analysis can also help in establishing the reliability of the classification.      
### 5.Does Video Compression Impact Tracking Accuracy?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00892.pdf)
>  Everyone "knows" that compressing a video will degrade the accuracy of object tracking. Yet, a literature search on this topic reveals that there is very little documented evidence for this presumed fact. Part of the reason is that, until recently, there were no object tracking datasets for uncompressed video, which made studying the effects of compression on tracking accuracy difficult. In this paper, using a recently published dataset that contains tracking annotations for uncompressed videos, we examined the degradation of tracking accuracy due to video compression using rigorous statistical methods. Specifically, we examined the impact of quantization parameter (QP) and motion search range (MSR) on Multiple Object Tracking Accuracy (MOTA). The results show that QP impacts MOTA at the 95% confidence level, while there is insufficient evidence to claim that MSR impacts MOTA. Moreover, regression analysis allows us to derive a quantitative relationship between MOTA and QP for the specific tracker used in the experiments.      
### 6.Automotive Parts Assessment: Applying Real-time Instance-Segmentation Models to Identify Vehicle Parts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00884.pdf)
>  The problem of automated car damage assessment presents a major challenge in the auto repair and damage assessment industry. The domain has several application areas ranging from car assessment companies such as car rentals and body shops to accidental damage assessment for car insurance companies. In vehicle assessment, the damage can take any form including scratches, minor and major dents to missing parts. More often, the assessment area has a significant level of noise such as dirt, grease, oil or rush that makes an accurate identification challenging. Moreover, the identification of a particular part is the first step in the repair industry to have an accurate labour and part assessment where the presence of different car models, shapes and sizes makes the task even more challenging for a machine-learning model to perform well. To address these challenges, this research explores and applies various instance segmentation methodologies to evaluate the best performing models. <br>The scope of this work focusses on two genres of real-time instance segmentation models due to their industrial significance, namely SipMask and Yolact. These methodologies are evaluated against a previously reported car parts dataset (DSMLR) and an internally curated dataset extracted from local car repair workshops. The Yolact-based part localization and segmentation method performed well when compared to other real-time instance mechanisms with a mAP of 66.5. For the workshop repair dataset, SipMask++ reported better accuracies for object detection with a mAP of 57.0 with outcomes for AP_IoU=.50and AP_IoU=.75 reporting 72.0 and 67.0 respectively while Yolact was found to be a better performer for AP_s with 44.0 and 2.6 for object detection and segmentation categories respectively.      
### 7.Decoupled IoU Regression for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00866.pdf)
>  Non-maximum suppression (NMS) is widely used in object detection pipelines for removing duplicated bounding boxes. The inconsistency between the confidence for NMS and the real localization confidence seriously affects detection performance. Prior works propose to predict Intersection-over-Union (IoU) between bounding boxes and corresponding ground-truths to improve NMS, while accurately predicting IoU is still a challenging problem. We argue that the complex definition of IoU and feature misalignment make it difficult to predict IoU accurately. In this paper, we propose a novel Decoupled IoU Regression (DIR) model to handle these problems. The proposed DIR decouples the traditional localization confidence metric IoU into two new metrics, Purity and Integrity. Purity reflects the proportion of the object area in the detected bounding box, and Integrity refers to the completeness of the detected object area. Separately predicting Purity and Integrity can divide the complex mapping between the bounding box and its IoU into two clearer mappings and model them independently. In addition, a simple but effective feature realignment approach is also introduced to make the IoU regressor work in a hindsight manner, which can make the target mapping more stable. The proposed DIR can be conveniently integrated with existing two-stage detectors and significantly improve their performance. Through a simple implementation of DIR with HTC, we obtain 51.3% AP on MS COCO benchmark, which outperforms previous methods and achieves state-of-the-art.      
### 8.Active Audio-Visual Separation of Dynamic Sound Sources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00850.pdf)
>  We explore active audio-visual separation for dynamic sound sources, where an embodied agent moves intelligently in a 3D environment to continuously isolate the time-varying audio stream being emitted by an object of interest. The agent hears a mixed stream of multiple time-varying audio sources (e.g., multiple people conversing and a band playing music at a noisy party). Given a limited time budget, it needs to extract the target sound using egocentric audio-visual observations. We propose a reinforcement learning agent equipped with a novel transformer memory that learns motion policies to control its camera and microphone to recover the dynamic target audio, improving its own estimates for past timesteps via self-attention. Using highly realistic acoustic SoundSpaces simulations in real-world scanned Matterport3D environments, we show that our model is able to learn efficient behavior to carry out continuous separation of a time-varying audio target. Project: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vision.cs.utexas.edu/projects/active-av-dynamic-separation/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.Pose Guided Image Generation from Misaligned Sources via Residual Flow Based Correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00843.pdf)
>  Generating new images with desired properties (e.g. new view/poses) from source images has been enthusiastically pursued recently, due to its wide range of potential applications. One way to ensure high-quality generation is to use multiple sources with complementary information such as different views of the same object. However, as source images are often misaligned due to the large disparities among the camera settings, strong assumptions have been made in the past with respect to the camera(s) or/and the object in interest, limiting the application of such techniques. Therefore, we propose a new general approach which models multiple types of variations among sources, such as view angles, poses, facial expressions, in a unified framework, so that it can be employed on datasets of vastly different nature. We verify our approach on a variety of data including humans bodies, faces, city scenes and 3D objects. Both the qualitative and quantitative results demonstrate the better performance of our method than the state of the art.      
### 10.Finding Biological Plausibility for Adversarially Robust Features via Metameric Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00838.pdf)
>  Recent work suggests that representations learned by adversarially robust networks are more human perceptually-aligned than non-robust networks via image manipulations. Despite appearing closer to human visual perception, it is unclear if the constraints in robust DNN representations match biological constraints found in human vision. Human vision seems to rely on texture-based/summary statistic representations in the periphery, which have been shown to explain phenomena such as crowding and performance on visual search tasks. To understand how adversarially robust optimizations/representations compare to human vision, we performed a psychophysics experiment using a set of metameric discrimination tasks where we evaluated how well human observers could distinguish between images synthesized to match adversarially robust representations compared to non-robust representations and a texture synthesis model of peripheral vision (Texforms). We found that the discriminability of robust representation and texture model images decreased to near chance performance as stimuli were presented farther in the periphery. Moreover, performance on robust and texture-model images showed similar trends within participants, while performance on non-robust representations changed minimally across the visual field. These results together suggest that (1) adversarially robust representations capture peripheral computation better than non-robust representations and (2) robust representations capture peripheral computation similar to current state-of-the-art texture peripheral vision models. More broadly, our findings support the idea that localized texture summary statistic representations may drive human invariance to adversarial perturbations and that the incorporation of such representations in DNNs could give rise to useful properties like adversarial robustness.      
### 11.On-Sensor Binarized Fully Convolutional Neural Network with A Pixel Processor Array  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00836.pdf)
>  This work presents a method to implement fully convolutional neural networks (FCNs) on Pixel Processor Array (PPA) sensors, and demonstrates coarse segmentation and object localisation tasks. We design and train binarized FCN for both binary weights and activations using batchnorm, group convolution, and learnable threshold for binarization, producing networks small enough to be embedded on the focal plane of the PPA, with limited local memory resources, and using parallel elementary add/subtract, shifting, and bit operations only. We demonstrate the first implementation of an FCN on a PPA device, performing three convolution layers entirely in the pixel-level processors. We use this architecture to demonstrate inference generating heat maps for object segmentation and localisation at over 280 FPS using the SCAMP-5 PPA vision chip.      
### 12.Mars Terrain Segmentation with Less Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00791.pdf)
>  Planetary rover systems need to perform terrain segmentation to identify drivable areas as well as identify specific types of soil for sample collection. The latest Martian terrain segmentation methods rely on supervised learning which is very data hungry and difficult to train where only a small number of labeled samples are available. Moreover, the semantic classes are defined differently for different applications (e.g., rover traversal vs. geological) and as a result the network has to be trained from scratch each time, which is an inefficient use of resources. This research proposes a semi-supervised learning framework for Mars terrain segmentation where a deep segmentation network trained in an unsupervised manner on unlabeled images is transferred to the task of terrain segmentation trained on few labeled images. The network incorporates a backbone module which is trained using a contrastive loss function and an output atrous convolution module which is trained using a pixel-wise cross-entropy loss function. Evaluation results using the metric of segmentation accuracy show that the proposed method with contrastive pretraining outperforms plain supervised learning by 2%-10%. Moreover, the proposed model is able to achieve a segmentation accuracy of 91.1% using only 161 training images (1% of the original dataset) compared to 81.9% with plain supervised learning.      
### 13.Local Feature Matching with Transformers for low-end devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00770.pdf)
>  LoFTR <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="2104.00680" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.00680">arXiv:2104.00680</a> is an efficient deep learning method for finding appropriate local feature matches on image pairs. This paper reports on the optimization of this method to work on devices with low computational performance and limited memory. The original LoFTR approach is based on a ResNet <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1512.03385" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385">arXiv:1512.03385</a> head and two modules based on Linear Transformer <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="2006.04768" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.04768">arXiv:2006.04768</a> architecture. In the presented work, only the coarse-matching block was left, the number of parameters was significantly reduced, and the network was trained using a knowledge distillation technique. The comparison showed that this approach allows to obtain an appropriate feature detection accuracy for the student model compared to the teacher model in the coarse matching block, despite the significant reduction of model size. Also, the paper shows additional steps required to make model compatible with NVIDIA TensorRT runtime, and shows an approach to optimize training method for low-end GPUs.      
### 14.A Model for Multi-View Residual Covariances based on Perspective Deformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00765.pdf)
>  In this work, we derive a model for the covariance of the visual residuals in multi-view SfM, odometry and SLAM setups. The core of our approach is the formulation of the residual covariances as a combination of geometric and photometric noise sources. And our key novel contribution is the derivation of a term modelling how local 2D patches suffer from perspective deformation when imaging 3D surfaces around a point. Together, these add up to an efficient and general formulation which not only improves the accuracy of both feature-based and direct methods, but can also be used to estimate more accurate measures of the state entropy and hence better founded point visibility thresholds. We validate our model with synthetic and real data and integrate it into photometric and feature-based Bundle Adjustment, improving their accuracy with a negligible overhead.      
### 15.ADG-Pose: Automated Dataset Generation for Real-World Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00753.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in computer vision have seen a rise in the prominence of applications using neural networks to understand human poses. However, while accuracy has been steadily increasing on State-of-the-Art datasets, these datasets often do not address the challenges seen in real-world applications. These challenges are dealing with people distant from the camera, people in crowds, and heavily occluded people. As a result, many real-world applications have trained on data that does not reflect the data present in deployment, leading to significant underperformance. This article presents ADG-Pose, a method for automatically generating datasets for real-world human pose estimation. These datasets can be customized to determine person distances, crowdedness, and occlusion distributions. Models trained with our method are able to perform in the presence of these challenges where those trained on other datasets fail. Using ADG-Pose, end-to-end accuracy for real-world skeleton-based action recognition sees a 20% increase on scenes with moderate distance and occlusion levels, and a 4X increase on distant scenes where other models failed to perform better than random.      
### 16.Should I take a walk? Estimating Energy Expenditure from Video Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00712.pdf)
>  We explore the problem of automatically inferring the amount of kilocalories used by human during physical activity from his/her video observation. To study this underresearched task, we introduce Vid2Burn -- an omni-source benchmark for estimating caloric expenditure from video data featuring both, high- and low-intensity activities for which we derive energy expenditure annotations based on models established in medical literature. In practice, a training set would only cover a certain amount of activity types, and it is important to validate, if the model indeed captures the essence of energy expenditure, (e.g., how many and which muscles are involved and how intense they work) instead of memorizing fixed values of specific activity categories seen during training. Ideally, the models should look beyond such category-specific biases and regress the caloric cost in videos depicting activity categories not explicitly present during training. With this property in mind, Vid2Burn is accompanied with a cross-category benchmark, where the task is to regress caloric expenditure for types of physical activities not present during training. An extensive evaluation of state-of-the-art approaches for video recognition modified for the energy expenditure estimation task demonstrates the difficulty of this problem, especially for new activity types at test-time, marking a new research direction. Dataset and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/KPeng9510/Vid2Burn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.VOS: Learning What You Don't Know by Virtual Outlier Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01197.pdf)
>  Out-of-distribution (OOD) detection has received much attention lately due to its importance in the safe deployment of neural networks. One of the key challenges is that models lack supervision signals from unknown data, and as a result, can produce overconfident predictions on OOD data. Previous approaches rely on real outlier datasets for model regularization, which can be costly and sometimes infeasible to obtain in practice. In this paper, we present VOS, a novel framework for OOD detection by adaptively synthesizing virtual outliers that can meaningfully regularize the model's decision boundary during training. Specifically, VOS samples virtual outliers from the low-likelihood region of the class-conditional distribution estimated in the feature space. Alongside, we introduce a novel unknown-aware training objective, which contrastively shapes the uncertainty space between the ID data and synthesized outlier data. VOS achieves state-of-the-art performance on both object detection and image classification models, reducing the FPR95 by up to 7.87% compared to the previous best method. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/deeplearning-wisc/vos" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Make Some Noise: Reliable and Efficient Single-Step Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01181.pdf)
>  Recently, Wong et al. showed that adversarial training with single-step FGSM leads to a characteristic failure mode named catastrophic overfitting (CO), in which a model becomes suddenly vulnerable to multi-step attacks. They showed that adding a random perturbation prior to FGSM (RS-FGSM) seemed to be sufficient to prevent CO. However, Andriushchenko and Flammarion observed that RS-FGSM still leads to CO for larger perturbations, and proposed an expensive regularizer (GradAlign) to avoid CO. In this work, we methodically revisit the role of noise and clipping in single-step adversarial training. Contrary to previous intuitions, we find that using a stronger noise around the clean sample combined with not clipping is highly effective in avoiding CO for large perturbation radii. Based on these observations, we then propose Noise-FGSM (N-FGSM) that, while providing the benefits of single-step adversarial training, does not suffer from CO. Empirical analyses on a large suite of experiments show that N-FGSM is able to match or surpass the performance of previous single-step methods while achieving a 3$\times$ speed-up.      
### 19.AntidoteRT: Run-time Detection and Correction of Poison Attacks on Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01179.pdf)
>  We study backdoor poisoning attacks against image classification networks, whereby an attacker inserts a trigger into a subset of the training data, in such a way that at test time, this trigger causes the classifier to predict some target class. %There are several techniques proposed in the literature that aim to detect the attack but only a few also propose to defend against it, and they typically involve retraining the network which is not always possible in practice. We propose lightweight automated detection and correction techniques against poisoning attacks, which are based on neuron patterns mined from the network using a small set of clean and poisoned test samples with known labels. The patterns built based on the mis-classified samples are used for run-time detection of new poisoned inputs. For correction, we propose an input correction technique that uses a differential analysis to identify the trigger in the detected poisoned images, which is then reset to a neutral color. Our detection and correction are performed at run-time and input level, which is in contrast to most existing work that is focused on offline model-level defenses. We demonstrate that our technique outperforms existing defenses such as NeuralCleanse and STRIP on popular benchmarks such as MNIST, CIFAR-10, and GTSRB against the popular BadNets attack and the more complex DFST attack.      
### 20.Probabilistically Robust Learning: Balancing Average- and Worst-case Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01136.pdf)
>  Many of the successes of machine learning are based on minimizing an averaged loss function. However, it is well-known that this paradigm suffers from robustness issues that hinder its applicability in safety-critical domains. These issues are often addressed by training against worst-case perturbations of data, a technique known as adversarial training. Although empirically effective, adversarial training can be overly conservative, leading to unfavorable trade-offs between nominal performance and robustness. To this end, in this paper we propose a framework called probabilistic robustness that bridges the gap between the accurate, yet brittle average case and the robust, yet conservative worst case by enforcing robustness to most rather than to all perturbations. From a theoretical point of view, this framework overcomes the trade-offs between the performance and the sample-complexity of worst-case and average-case learning. From a practical point of view, we propose a novel algorithm based on risk-aware optimization that effectively balances average- and worst-case performance at a considerably lower computational cost relative to adversarial training. Our results on MNIST, CIFAR-10, and SVHN illustrate the advantages of this framework on the spectrum from average- to worst-case robustness.      
### 21.Unpaired Image Super-Resolution with Optimal Transport Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01116.pdf)
>  Real-world image super-resolution (SR) tasks often do not have paired datasets limiting the application of supervised techniques. As a result, the tasks are usually approached by unpaired techniques based on Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) which yield complex training losses with several regularization terms such as content and identity losses. We theoretically investigate the optimization problems which arise in such models and find two surprising observations. First, the learned SR map is always an optimal transport (OT) map. Second, we empirically show that the learned map is biased, i.e., it may not actually transform the distribution of low-resolution images to high-resolution images. Inspired by these findings, we propose an algorithm for unpaired SR which learns an unbiased OT map for the perceptual transport cost. Unlike existing GAN-based alternatives, our algorithm has a simple optimization objective reducing the neccesity to perform complex hyperparameter selection and use additional regularizations. At the same time, it provides nearly state-of-the-art performance on the large-scale unpaired AIM-19 dataset.      
### 22.Image-based Navigation in Real-World Environments via Multiple Mid-level Representations: Fusion Models, Benchmark and Efficient Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01069.pdf)
>  Navigating complex indoor environments requires a deep understanding of the space the robotic agent is acting into to correctly inform the navigation process of the agent towards the goal location. In recent learning-based navigation approaches, the scene understanding and navigation abilities of the agent are achieved simultaneously by collecting the required experience in simulation. Unfortunately, even if simulators represent an efficient tool to train navigation policies, the resulting models often fail when transferred into the real world. One possible solution is to provide the navigation model with mid-level visual representations containing important domain-invariant properties of the scene. But, what are the best representations that facilitate the transfer of a model to the real-world? How can they be combined? In this work we address these issues by proposing a benchmark of Deep Learning architectures to combine a range of mid-level visual representations, to perform a PointGoal navigation task following a Reinforcement Learning setup. All the proposed navigation models have been trained with the Habitat simulator on a synthetic office environment and have been tested on the same real-world environment using a real robotic platform. To efficiently assess their performance in a real context, a validation tool has been proposed to generate realistic navigation episodes inside the simulator. Our experiments showed that navigation models can benefit from the multi-modal input and that our validation tool can provide good estimation of the expected navigation performance in the real world, while saving time and resources. The acquired synthetic and real 3D models of the environment, together with the code of our validation tool built on top of Habitat, are publicly available at the following link: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://iplab.dmi.unict.it/EmbodiedVN/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 23.MedNeRF: Medical Neural Radiance Fields for Reconstructing 3D-aware CT-Projections from a Single X-ray  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01020.pdf)
>  Computed tomography (CT) is an effective medical imaging modality, widely used in the field of clinical medicine for the diagnosis of various pathologies. Advances in Multidetector CT imaging technology have enabled additional functionalities, including generation of thin slice multiplanar cross-sectional body imaging and 3D reconstructions. However, this involves patients being exposed to a considerable dose of ionising radiation. Excessive ionising radiation can lead to deterministic and harmful effects on the body. This paper proposes a Deep Learning model that learns to reconstruct CT projections from a few or even a single-view X-ray. This is based on a novel architecture that builds from neural radiance fields, which learns a continuous representation of CT scans by disentangling the shape and volumetric depth of surface and internal anatomical structures from 2D images. Our model is trained on chest and knee datasets, and we demonstrate qualitative and quantitative high-fidelity renderings and compare our approach to other recent radiance field-based methods. Our code and link to our datasets will be available at our GitHub.      
### 24.Auto-Transfer: Learning to Route Transferrable Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01011.pdf)
>  Knowledge transfer between heterogeneous source and target networks and tasks has received a lot of attention in recent times as large amounts of quality labelled data can be difficult to obtain in many applications. Existing approaches typically constrain the target deep neural network (DNN) feature representations to be close to the source DNNs feature representations, which can be limiting. We, in this paper, propose a novel adversarial multi-armed bandit approach which automatically learns to route source representations to appropriate target representations following which they are combined in meaningful ways to produce accurate target models. We see upwards of 5% accuracy improvements compared with the state-of-the-art knowledge transfer methods on four benchmark (target) image datasets CUB200, Stanford Dogs, MIT67, and Stanford40 where the source dataset is ImageNet. We qualitatively analyze the goodness of our transfer scheme by showing individual examples of the important features our target network focuses on in different layers compared with the (closest) competitors. We also observe that our improvement over other methods is higher for smaller target datasets making it an effective tool for small data applications that may benefit from transfer learning.      
### 25.Gradient Variance Loss for Structure-Enhanced Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00997.pdf)
>  Recent success in the field of single image super-resolution (SISR) is achieved by optimizing deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in the image space with the L1 or L2 loss. However, when trained with these loss functions, models usually fail to recover sharp edges present in the high-resolution (HR) images for the reason that the model tends to give a statistical average of potential HR solutions. During our research, we observe that gradient maps of images generated by the models trained with the L1 or L2 loss have significantly lower variance than the gradient maps of the original high-resolution images. In this work, we propose to alleviate the above issue by introducing a structure-enhancing loss function, coined Gradient Variance (GV) loss, and generate textures with perceptual-pleasant details. Specifically, during the training of the model, we extract patches from the gradient maps of the target and generated output, calculate the variance of each patch and form variance maps for these two images. Further, we minimize the distance between the computed variance maps to enforce the model to produce high variance gradient maps that will lead to the generation of high-resolution images with sharper edges. Experimental results show that the GV loss can significantly improve both Structure Similarity (SSIM) and peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) performance of existing image super-resolution (SR) deep learning models.      
### 26.Dictionary learning for clustering on hyperspectral images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00990.pdf)
>  Dictionary learning and sparse coding have been widely studied as mechanisms for unsupervised feature learning. Unsupervised learning could bring enormous benefit to the processing of hyperspectral images and to other remote sensing data analysis because labelled data are often scarce in this field. We propose a method for clustering the pixels of hyperspectral images using sparse coefficients computed from a representative dictionary as features. We show empirically that the proposed method works more effectively than clustering on the original pixels. We also demonstrate that our approach, in certain circumstances, outperforms the clustering results of features extracted using principal component analysis and non-negative matrix factorisation. Furthermore, our method is suitable for applications in repetitively clustering an ever-growing amount of high-dimensional data, which is the case when working with hyperspectral satellite imagery.      
### 27.DCSAU-Net: A Deeper and More Compact Split-Attention U-Net for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00972.pdf)
>  Image segmentation is a key step for medical image analysis. Approaches based on deep neural networks have been introduced and performed more reliable results than traditional image processing methods. However, many models focus on one medical image application and still show limited abilities to work with complex images. In this paper, we propose a novel deeper and more compact split-attention u-shape network (DCSAU-Net) that extracts useful features using multi-scale combined split-attention and deeper depthwise convolution. We evaluate the proposed model on CVC-ClinicDB, 2018 Data Science Bowl, ISIC-2018 and SegPC-2021 datasets. As a result, DCSAU-Net displays better performance than other state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods in terms of the mean Intersection over Union (mIoU) and F1-socre. More significantly, the proposed model demonstrate better segmentation performance on challenging images.      
### 28.GANSlider: How Users Control Generative Models for Images using Multiple Sliders with and without Feedforward Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00965.pdf)
>  We investigate how multiple sliders with and without feedforward visualizations influence users' control of generative models. In an online study (N=138), we collected a dataset of people interacting with a generative adversarial network (StyleGAN2) in an image reconstruction task. We found that more control dimensions (sliders) significantly increase task difficulty and user actions. Visual feedforward partly mitigates this by enabling more goal-directed interaction. However, we found no evidence of faster or more accurate task performance. This indicates a tradeoff between feedforward detail and implied cognitive costs, such as attention. Moreover, we found that visualizations alone are not always sufficient for users to understand individual control dimensions. Our study quantifies fundamental UI design factors and resulting interaction behavior in this context, revealing opportunities for improvement in the UI design for interactive applications of generative models. We close by discussing design directions and further aspects.      
### 29.Eikonal Fields for Refractive Novel-View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00948.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of generating novel-view images from collections of 2D images showing refractive and reflective objects. Current solutions assume opaque or transparent light transport along straight paths following the emission-absorption model. Instead, we optimize for a field of 3D-varying Index of Refraction (IoR) and trace light through it that bends toward the spatial gradients of said IoR according to the laws of eikonal light transport.      
### 30.Accurate calibration of surround view camera systems from a generalization of the hand eye constraint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00886.pdf)
>  Multi-perspective cameras are quickly gaining importance in many applications such as smart vehicles and virtual or augmented reality. However, a large system size or absence of overlap in neighbouring fields-of-view often complicate their calibration. We present a novel solution which relies on the availability of an external motion capture system. Our core contribution consists of an extension to the hand-eye calibration problem which jointly solves multi-eye-to-base problems in closed form. We furthermore demonstrate its equivalence to the multi-eye-in-hand problem. The practical validity of our approach is supported by our experiments, indicating that the method is highly efficient and accurate, and outperforms existing closed-form alternatives.      
### 31.Extension -- Adaptive Sampling with Implicit Radiance Field  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00855.pdf)
>  This paper aims to explore and summarize the state-of-the-art progress in Monte Carlo adaptive light field sampling and reconstruction using deep reinforcement learning, with possible extension to it.      
### 32.A Graph Based Neural Network Approach to Immune Profiling of Multiplexed Tissue Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00813.pdf)
>  Multiplexed immunofluorescence provides an unprecedented opportunity for studying specific cell-to-cell and cell microenvironment interactions. We employ graph neural networks to combine features obtained from tissue morphology with measurements of protein expression to profile the tumour microenvironment associated with different tumour stages. Our framework presents a new approach to analysing and processing these complex multi-dimensional datasets that overcomes some of the key challenges in analysing these data and opens up the opportunity to abstract biologically meaningful interactions.      
### 33.On Regularizing Coordinate-MLPs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00790.pdf)
>  We show that typical implicit regularization assumptions for deep neural networks (for regression) do not hold for coordinate-MLPs, a family of MLPs that are now ubiquitous in computer vision for representing high-frequency signals. Lack of such implicit bias disrupts smooth interpolations between training samples, and hampers generalizing across signal regions with different spectra. We investigate this behavior through a Fourier lens and uncover that as the bandwidth of a coordinate-MLP is enhanced, lower frequencies tend to get suppressed unless a suitable prior is provided explicitly. Based on these insights, we propose a simple regularization technique that can mitigate the above problem, which can be incorporated into existing networks without any architectural modifications.      
### 34.Accelerating DNN Training with Structured Data Gradient Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00774.pdf)
>  Weight pruning is a technique to make Deep Neural Network (DNN) inference more computationally efficient by reducing the number of model parameters over the course of training. However, most weight pruning techniques generally does not speed up DNN training and can even require more iterations to reach model convergence. In this work, we propose a novel Structured Data Gradient Pruning (SDGP) method that can speed up training without impacting model convergence. This approach enforces a specific sparsity structure, where only N out of every M elements in a matrix can be nonzero, making it amenable to hardware acceleration. Modern accelerators such as the Nvidia A100 GPU support this type of structured sparsity for 2 nonzeros per 4 elements in a reduction. Assuming hardware support for 2:4 sparsity, our approach can achieve a 15-25\% reduction in total training time without significant impact to performance. Source code and pre-trained models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BradMcDanel/sdgp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 35.Towards Positive Jacobian: Learn to Postprocess Diffeomorphic Image Registration with Matrix Exponential  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00749.pdf)
>  We present a postprocessing layer for deformable image registration to make a registration field more diffeomorphic by encouraging Jacobians of the transformation to be positive. Diffeomorphic image registration is important for medical imaging studies because of the properties like invertibility, smoothness of the transformation, and topology preservation/non-folding of the grid. Violation of these properties can lead to destruction of the neighbourhood and the connectivity of anatomical structures during image registration. Most of the recent deep learning methods do not explicitly address this folding problem and try to solve it with a smoothness regularization on the registration field. In this paper, we propose a differentiable layer, which takes any registration field as its input, computes exponential of the Jacobian matrices of the input and reconstructs a new registration field from the exponentiated Jacobian matrices using Poisson reconstruction. Our proposed Poisson reconstruction loss enforces positive Jacobians for the final registration field. Thus, our method acts as a post-processing layer without any learnable parameters of its own and can be placed at the end of any deep learning pipeline to form an end-to-end learnable framework. We show the effectiveness of our proposed method for a popular deep learning registration method Voxelmorph and evaluate it with a dataset containing 3D brain MRI scans. Our results show that our post-processing can effectively decrease the number of non-positive Jacobians by a significant amount without any noticeable deterioration of the registration accuracy, thus making the registration field more diffeomorphic. Our code is available online at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Soumyadeep-Pal/Diffeomorphic-Image-Registration-Postprocess" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.IFOR: Iterative Flow Minimization for Robotic Object Rearrangement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00732.pdf)
>  Accurate object rearrangement from vision is a crucial problem for a wide variety of real-world robotics applications in unstructured environments. We propose IFOR, Iterative Flow Minimization for Robotic Object Rearrangement, an end-to-end method for the challenging problem of object rearrangement for unknown objects given an RGBD image of the original and final scenes. First, we learn an optical flow model based on RAFT to estimate the relative transformation of the objects purely from synthetic data. This flow is then used in an iterative minimization algorithm to achieve accurate positioning of previously unseen objects. Crucially, we show that our method applies to cluttered scenes, and in the real world, while training only on synthetic data. Videos are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://imankgoyal.github.io/ifor.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Classification of Skin Cancer Images using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00678.pdf)
>  Skin cancer is the most common human malignancy(American Cancer Society) which is primarily diagnosed visually, starting with an initial clinical screening and followed potentially by dermoscopic(related to skin) analysis, a biopsy and histopathological examination. Skin cancer occurs when errors (mutations) occur in the DNA of skin cells. The mutations cause the cells to grow out of control and form a mass of cancer cells. The aim of this study was to try to classify images of skin lesions with the help of convolutional neural networks. The deep neural networks show humongous potential for image classification while taking into account the large variability exhibited by the environment. Here we trained images based on the pixel values and classified them on the basis of disease labels. The dataset was acquired from an Open Source Kaggle Repository(Kaggle Dataset)which itself was acquired from ISIC(International Skin Imaging Collaboration) Archive. The training was performed on multiple models accompanied with Transfer Learning. The highest model accuracy achieved was over 86.65%. The dataset used is publicly available to ensure credibility and reproducibility of the aforementioned result.      
### 38.An Embarrassingly Simple Consistency Regularization Method for Semi-Supervised Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00677.pdf)
>  The scarcity of pixel-level annotation is a prevalent problem in medical image segmentation tasks. In this paper, we introduce a novel regularization strategy involving interpolation-based mixing for semi-supervised medical image segmentation. The proposed method is a new consistency regularization strategy that encourages segmentation of interpolation of two unlabelled data to be consistent with the interpolation of segmentation maps of those data. This method represents a specific type of data-adaptive regularization paradigm which aids to minimize the overfitting of labelled data under high confidence values. The proposed method is advantageous over adversarial and generative models as it requires no additional computation. Upon evaluation on two publicly available MRI datasets: ACDC and MMWHS, experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method in comparison to existing semi-supervised models. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hritam-98/ICT-MedSeg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 39.A deep residual learning implementation of Metamorphosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00676.pdf)
>  In medical imaging, most of the image registration methods implicitly assume a one-to-one correspondence between the source and target images (i.e., diffeomorphism). However, this is not necessarily the case when dealing with pathological medical images (e.g., presence of a tumor, lesion, etc.). To cope with this issue, the Metamorphosis model has been proposed. It modifies both the shape and the appearance of an image to deal with the geometrical and topological differences. However, the high computational time and load have hampered its applications so far. Here, we propose a deep residual learning implementation of Metamorphosis that drastically reduces the computational time at inference. Furthermore, we also show that the proposed framework can easily integrate prior knowledge of the localization of topological changes (e.g., segmentation masks) that can act as spatial regularization to correctly disentangle appearance and shape changes. We test our method on the BraTS 2021 dataset, showing that it outperforms current state-of-the-art methods in the alignment of images with brain tumors.      
### 40.A training-free recursive multiresolution framework for diffeomorphic deformable image registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.00675.pdf)
>  Diffeomorphic deformable image registration is one of the crucial tasks in medical image analysis, which aims to find a unique transformation while preserving the topology and invertibility of the transformation. Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have yielded well-suited approaches for image registration by learning the transformation priors from a large dataset. The improvement in the performance of these methods is related to their ability to learn information from several sample medical images that are difficult to obtain and bias the framework to the specific domain of data. In this paper, we propose a novel diffeomorphic training-free approach; this is built upon the principle of an ordinary differential equation. <br>Our formulation yields an Euler integration type recursive scheme to estimate the changes of spatial transformations between the fixed and the moving image pyramids at different resolutions. The proposed architecture is simple in design. The moving image is warped successively at each resolution and finally aligned to the fixed image; this procedure is recursive in a way that at each resolution, a fully convolutional network (FCN) models a progressive change of deformation for the current warped image. The entire system is end-to-end and optimized for each pair of images from scratch. In comparison to learning-based methods, the proposed method neither requires a dedicated training set nor suffers from any training bias. We evaluate our method on three cardiac image datasets. The evaluation results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art registration accuracy while maintaining desirable diffeomorphic properties.      
### 41.SPAGHETTI: Editing Implicit Shapes Through Part Aware Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.13168.pdf)
>  Neural implicit fields are quickly emerging as an attractive representation for learning based techniques. However, adopting them for 3D shape modeling and editing is challenging. We introduce a method for $\mathbf{E}$diting $\mathbf{I}$mplicit $\mathbf{S}$hapes $\mathbf{T}$hrough $\mathbf{P}$art $\mathbf{A}$ware $\mathbf{G}$enera$\mathbf{T}$ion, permuted in short as SPAGHETTI. Our architecture allows for manipulation of implicit shapes by means of transforming, interpolating and combining shape segments together, without requiring explicit part supervision. SPAGHETTI disentangles shape part representation into extrinsic and intrinsic geometric information. This characteristic enables a generative framework with part-level control. The modeling capabilities of SPAGHETTI are demonstrated using an interactive graphical interface, where users can directly edit neural implicit shapes.      
