# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 8 Feb 2022
### 1.Corrupted Image Modeling for Self-Supervised Visual Pre-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03382.pdf)
>  We introduce Corrupted Image Modeling (CIM) for self-supervised visual pre-training. CIM uses an auxiliary generator with a small trainable BEiT to corrupt the input image instead of using artificial mask tokens, where some patches are randomly selected and replaced with plausible alternatives sampled from the BEiT output distribution. Given this corrupted image, an enhancer network learns to either recover all the original image pixels, or predict whether each visual token is replaced by a generator sample or not. The generator and the enhancer are simultaneously trained and synergistically updated. After pre-training, the enhancer can be used as a high-capacity visual encoder for downstream tasks. CIM is a general and flexible visual pre-training framework that is suitable for various network architectures. For the first time, CIM demonstrates that both ViT and CNN can learn rich visual representations using a unified, non-Siamese framework. Experimental results show that our approach achieves compelling results in vision benchmarks, such as ImageNet classification and ADE20K semantic segmentation. For example, 300-epoch CIM pre-trained vanilla ViT-Base/16 and ResNet-50 obtain 83.3 and 80.6 Top-1 fine-tuning accuracy on ImageNet-1K image classification respectively.      
### 2.Benchmarking and Analyzing Point Cloud Classification under Corruptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03377.pdf)
>  3D perception, especially point cloud classification, has achieved substantial progress. However, in real-world deployment, point cloud corruptions are inevitable due to the scene complexity, sensor inaccuracy, and processing imprecision. In this work, we aim to rigorously benchmark and analyze point cloud classification under corruptions. To conduct a systematic investigation, we first provide a taxonomy of common 3D corruptions and identify the atomic corruptions. Then, we perform a comprehensive evaluation on a wide range of representative point cloud models to understand their robustness and generalizability. Our benchmark results show that although point cloud classification performance improves over time, the state-of-the-art methods are on the verge of being less robust. Based on the obtained observations, we propose several effective techniques to enhance point cloud classifier robustness. We hope our comprehensive benchmark, in-depth analysis, and proposed techniques could spark future research in robust 3D perception.      
### 3.Simple Control Baselines for Evaluating Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03365.pdf)
>  Transfer learning has witnessed remarkable progress in recent years, for example, with the introduction of augmentation-based contrastive self-supervised learning methods. While a number of large-scale empirical studies on the transfer performance of such models have been conducted, there is not yet an agreed-upon set of control baselines, evaluation practices, and metrics to report, which often hinders a nuanced and calibrated understanding of the real efficacy of the methods. We share an evaluation standard that aims to quantify and communicate transfer learning performance in an informative and accessible setup. This is done by baking a number of simple yet critical control baselines in the evaluation method, particularly the blind-guess (quantifying the dataset bias), scratch-model (quantifying the architectural contribution), and maximal-supervision (quantifying the upper-bound). To demonstrate how the evaluation standard can be employed, we provide an example empirical study investigating a few basic questions about self-supervised learning. For example, using this standard, the study shows the effectiveness of existing self-supervised pre-training methods is skewed towards image classification tasks versus dense pixel-wise predictions. In general, we encourage using/reporting the suggested control baselines in evaluating transfer learning in order to gain a more meaningful and informative understanding.      
### 4.FrePGAN: Robust Deepfake Detection Using Frequency-level Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03347.pdf)
>  Various deepfake detectors have been proposed, but challenges still exist to detect images of unknown categories or GAN models outside of the training settings. Such issues arise from the overfitting issue, which we discover from our own analysis and the previous studies to originate from the frequency-level artifacts in generated images. We find that ignoring the frequency-level artifacts can improve the detector's generalization across various GAN models, but it can reduce the model's performance for the trained GAN models. Thus, we design a framework to generalize the deepfake detector for both the known and unseen GAN models. Our framework generates the frequency-level perturbation maps to make the generated images indistinguishable from the real images. By updating the deepfake detector along with the training of the perturbation generator, our model is trained to detect the frequency-level artifacts at the initial iterations and consider the image-level irregularities at the last iterations. For experiments, we design new test scenarios varying from the training settings in GAN models, color manipulations, and object categories. Numerous experiments validate the state-of-the-art performance of our deepfake detector.      
### 5.CZU-MHAD: A multimodal dataset for human action recognition utilizing a depth camera and 10 wearable inertial sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03283.pdf)
>  Human action recognition has been widely used in many fields of life, and many human action datasets have been published at the same time. However, most of the multi-modal databases have some shortcomings in the layout and number of sensors, which cannot fully represent the action features. Regarding the problems, this paper proposes a freely available dataset, named CZU-MHAD (Changzhou University: a comprehensive multi-modal human action dataset). It consists of 22 actions and three modals temporal synchronized data. These modals include depth videos and skeleton positions from a kinect v2 camera, and inertial signals from 10 wearable sensors. Compared with single modal sensors, multi-modal sensors can collect different modal data, so the use of multi-modal sensors can describe actions more accurately. Moreover, CZU-MHAD obtains the 3-axis acceleration and 3-axis angular velocity of 10 main motion joints by binding inertial sensors to them, and these data were captured at the same time. Experimental results are provided to show that this dataset can be used to study structural relationships between different parts of the human body when performing actions and fusion approaches that involve multi-modal sensor data.      
### 6.Crafting Better Contrastive Views for Siamese Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03278.pdf)
>  Recent self-supervised contrastive learning methods greatly benefit from the Siamese structure that aims at minimizing distances between positive pairs. For high performance Siamese representation learning, one of the keys is to design good contrastive pairs. Most previous works simply apply random sampling to make different crops of the same image, which overlooks the semantic information that may degrade the quality of views. In this work, we propose ContrastiveCrop, which could effectively generate better crops for Siamese representation learning. Firstly, a semantic-aware object localization strategy is proposed within the training process in a fully unsupervised manner. This guides us to generate contrastive views which could avoid most false positives (i.e., object vs. background). Moreover, we empirically find that views with similar appearances are trivial for the Siamese model training. Thus, a center-suppressed sampling is further designed to enlarge the variance of crops. Remarkably, our method takes a careful consideration of positive pairs for contrastive learning with negligible extra training overhead. As a plug-and-play and framework-agnostic module, ContrastiveCrop consistently improves SimCLR, MoCo, BYOL, SimSiam by 0.4% ~ 2.0% classification accuracy on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, Tiny ImageNet and STL-10. Superior results are also achieved on downstream detection and segmentation tasks when pre-trained on ImageNet-1K.      
### 7.Confidence Guided Depth Completion Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03257.pdf)
>  The paper proposes an image-guided depth completion method to estimate accurate dense depth maps with fast computation time. The proposed network has two-stage structure. The first stage predicts a first depth map. Then, the second stage further refines the first depth map using the confidence maps. The second stage consists of two layers, each of which focuses on different regions and generates a refined depth map and a confidence map. The final depth map is obtained by combining two depth maps from the second stage using the corresponding confidence maps. Compared with the top-ranked models on the KITTI depth completion online leaderboard, the proposed model shows much faster computation time and competitive performance.      
### 8.PSSNet: Planarity-sensible Semantic Segmentation of Large-scale Urban Meshes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03209.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel deep learning-based framework to interpret 3D urban scenes represented as textured meshes. Based on the observation that object boundaries typically align with the boundaries of planar regions, our framework achieves semantic segmentation in two steps: planarity-sensible over-segmentation followed by semantic classification. The over-segmentation step generates an initial set of mesh segments that capture the planar and non-planar regions of urban scenes. In the subsequent classification step, we construct a graph that encodes geometric and photometric features of the segments in its nodes and multi-scale contextual features in its edges. The final semantic segmentation is obtained by classifying the segments using a graph convolutional network. Experiments and comparisons on a large semantic urban mesh benchmark demonstrate that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of boundary quality and mean IoU (intersection over union). Besides, we also introduce several new metrics for evaluating mesh over-segmentation methods dedicated for semantic segmentation, and our proposed over-segmentation approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods on all metrics. Our source code will be released when the paper is accepted.      
### 9.Recent Trends in 2D Object Detection and Applications in Video Event Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03206.pdf)
>  Object detection serves as a significant step in improving performance of complex downstream computer vision tasks. It has been extensively studied for many years now and current state-of-the-art 2D object detection techniques proffer superlative results even in complex images. In this chapter, we discuss the geometry-based pioneering works in object detection, followed by the recent breakthroughs that employ deep learning. Some of these use a monolithic architecture that takes a RGB image as input and passes it to a feed-forward ConvNet or vision Transformer. These methods, thereby predict class-probability and bounding-box coordinates, all in a single unified pipeline. Two-stage architectures on the other hand, first generate region proposals and then feed it to a CNN to extract features and predict object category and bounding-box. We also elaborate upon the applications of object detection in video event recognition, to achieve better fine-grained video classification performance. Further, we highlight recent datasets for 2D object detection both in images and videos, and present a comparative performance summary of various state-of-the-art object detection techniques.      
### 10.Optical skin: Sensor-integration-free multimodal flexible sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03189.pdf)
>  The biological skin enables animals to sense various stimuli. Extensive efforts have been made recently to develop smart skin-like sensors to extend the capabilities of biological skins; however, simultaneous sensing of several types of stimuli in a large area remains challenging because this requires large-scale sensor integration with numerous wire connections. We propose a simple, highly sensitive, and multimodal sensing approach, which does not require integrating multiple sensors. The proposed approach is based on an optical interference technique, which can encode the information of various stimuli as a spatial pattern. In contrast to the existing approach, the proposed approach, combined with a deep neural network, enables us to freely select the sensing mode according to our purpose. As a key example, we demonstrate simultaneous sensing mode of three different physical quantities, contact force, contact location, and temperature, using a single soft material without requiring complex integration. Another unique property of the proposed approach is spatially continuous sensing with ultrahigh resolution of few tens of micrometers, which enables identifying the shape of the object in contact. Furthermore, we present a haptic soft device for a human-machine interface. The proposed approach encourages the development of high-performance optical skins.      
### 11.Field-of-View IoU for Object Detection in 360° Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03176.pdf)
>  360° cameras have gained popularity over the last few years. In this paper, we propose two fundamental techniques -- Field-of-View IoU (FoV-IoU) and 360Augmentation for object detection in 360° images. Although most object detection neural networks designed for the perspective images are applicable to 360° images in equirectangular projection (ERP) format, their performance deteriorates owing to the distortion in ERP images. Our method can be readily integrated with existing perspective object detectors and significantly improves the performance. The FoV-IoU computes the intersection-over-union of two Field-of-View bounding boxes in a spherical image which could be used for training, inference, and evaluation while 360Augmentation is a data augmentation technique specific to 360° object detection task which randomly rotates a spherical image and solves the bias due to the sphere-to-plane projection. We conduct extensive experiments on the 360indoor dataset with different types of perspective object detectors and show the consistent effectiveness of our method.      
### 12.Patch-Based Stochastic Attention for Image Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03163.pdf)
>  Attention mechanisms have become of crucial importance in deep learning in recent years. These non-local operations, which are similar to traditional patch-based methods in image processing, complement local convolutions. However, computing the full attention matrix is an expensive step with a heavy memory and computational load. These limitations curb network architectures and performances, in particular for the case of high resolution images. We propose an efficient attention layer based on the stochastic algorithm PatchMatch, which is used for determining approximate nearest neighbors. We refer to our proposed layer as a "Patch-based Stochastic Attention Layer" (PSAL). Furthermore, we propose different approaches, based on patch aggregation, to ensure the differentiability of PSAL, thus allowing end-to-end training of any network containing our layer. PSAL has a small memory footprint and can therefore scale to high resolution images. It maintains this footprint without sacrificing spatial precision and globality of the nearest neighbours, which means that it can be easily inserted in any level of a deep architecture, even in shallower levels. We demonstrate the usefulness of PSAL on several image editing tasks, such as image inpainting and image colorization.      
### 13.Transformers in Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation with Unknown Camera Intrinsics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03131.pdf)
>  The advent of autonomous driving and advanced driver assistance systems necessitates continuous developments in computer vision for 3D scene understanding. Self-supervised monocular depth estimation, a method for pixel-wise distance estimation of objects from a single camera without the use of ground truth labels, is an important task in 3D scene understanding. However, existing methods for this task are limited to convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures. In contrast with CNNs that use localized linear operations and lose feature resolution across the layers, vision transformers process at constant resolution with a global receptive field at every stage. While recent works have compared transformers against their CNN counterparts for tasks such as image classification, no study exists that investigates the impact of using transformers for self-supervised monocular depth estimation. Here, we first demonstrate how to adapt vision transformers for self-supervised monocular depth estimation. Thereafter, we compare the transformer and CNN-based architectures for their performance on KITTI depth prediction benchmarks, as well as their robustness to natural corruptions and adversarial attacks, including when the camera intrinsics are unknown. Our study demonstrates how transformer-based architecture, though lower in run-time efficiency, achieves comparable performance while being more robust and generalizable.      
### 14.Reasoning for Complex Data through Ensemble-based Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03126.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning deals with problems that have little or no available labeled data. Recent work has shown impressive results when underlying classes have significant semantic differences. One important dataset in which this technique thrives is ImageNet, as intra-class distances are substantially lower than inter-class distances. However, this is not the case for several critical tasks, and general self-supervised learning methods fail to learn discriminative features when classes have closer semantics, thus requiring more robust strategies. We propose a strategy to tackle this problem, and to enable learning from unlabeled data even when samples from different classes are not prominently diverse. We approach the problem by leveraging a novel ensemble-based clustering strategy where clusters derived from different configurations are combined to generate a better grouping for the data samples in a fully-unsupervised way. This strategy allows clusters with different densities and higher variability to emerge, which in turn reduces intra-class discrepancies, without requiring the burden of finding an optimal configuration per dataset. We also consider different Convolutional Neural Networks to compute distances between samples. We refine these distances by performing context analysis and group them to capture complementary information. We consider two applications to validate our pipeline: Person Re-Identification and Text Authorship Verification. These are challenging applications considering that classes are semantically close to each other and that training and test sets have disjoint identities. Our method is robust across different modalities and outperforms state-of-the-art results with a fully-unsupervised solution without any labeling or human intervention.      
### 15.Bubble identification from images with machine learning methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03107.pdf)
>  An automated and reliable processing of bubbly flow images is highly needed to analyse large data sets of comprehensive experimental series. A particular difficulty arises due to overlapping bubble projections in recorded images, which highly complicates the identification of individual bubbles. Recent approaches focus on the use of deep learning algorithms for this task and have already proven the high potential of such techniques. The main difficulties are the capability to handle different image conditions, higher gas volume fractions and a proper reconstruction of the hidden segment of a partly occluded bubble. In the present work, we try to tackle these points by testing three different methods based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for the two former and two individual approaches that can be used subsequently to address the latter. To validate our methodology, we created test data sets with synthetic images that further demonstrate the capabilities as well as limitations of our combined approach. The generated data, code and trained models are made accessible to facilitate the use as well as further developments in the research field of bubble recognition in experimental images.      
### 16.Unsupervised Long-Term Person Re-Identification with Clothes Change  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03087.pdf)
>  We investigate unsupervised person re-identification (Re-ID) with clothes change, a new challenging problem with more practical usability and scalability to real-world deployment. Most existing re-id methods artificially assume the clothes of every single person to be stationary across space and time. This condition is mostly valid for short-term re-id scenarios since an average person would often change the clothes even within a single day. To alleviate this assumption, several recent works have introduced the clothes change facet to re-id, with a focus on supervised learning person identity discriminative representation with invariance to clothes changes. Taking a step further towards this long-term re-id direction, we further eliminate the requirement of person identity labels, as they are significantly more expensive and more tedious to annotate in comparison to short-term person re-id datasets. Compared to conventional unsupervised short-term re-id, this new problem is drastically more challenging as different people may have similar clothes whilst the same person can wear multiple suites of clothes over different locations and times with very distinct appearance. To overcome such obstacles, we introduce a novel Curriculum Person Clustering (CPC) method that can adaptively regulate the unsupervised clustering criterion according to the clustering confidence. Experiments on three long-term person re-id datasets show that our CPC outperforms SOTA unsupervised re-id methods and even closely matches the supervised re-id models.      
### 17.Temporal Point Cloud Completion with Pose Disturbance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03084.pdf)
>  Point clouds collected by real-world sensors are always unaligned and sparse, which makes it hard to reconstruct the complete shape of object from a single frame of data. In this work, we manage to provide complete point clouds from sparse input with pose disturbance by limited translation and rotation. We also use temporal information to enhance the completion model, refining the output with a sequence of inputs. With the help of gated recovery units(GRU) and attention mechanisms as temporal units, we propose a point cloud completion framework that accepts a sequence of unaligned and sparse inputs, and outputs consistent and aligned point clouds. Our network performs in an online manner and presents a refined point cloud for each frame, which enables it to be integrated into any SLAM or reconstruction pipeline. As far as we know, our framework is the first to utilize temporal information and ensure temporal consistency with limited transformation. Through experiments in ShapeNet and KITTI, we prove that our framework is effective in both synthetic and real-world datasets.      
### 18.Imposing Temporal Consistency on Deep Monocular Body Shape and Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03074.pdf)
>  Accurate and temporally consistent modeling of human bodies is essential for a wide range of applications, including character animation, understanding human social behavior and AR/VR interfaces. Capturing human motion accurately from a monocular image sequence is still challenging and the modeling quality is strongly influenced by the temporal consistency of the captured body motion. Our work presents an elegant solution for the integration of temporal constraints in the fitting process. This does not only increase temporal consistency but also robustness during the optimization. In detail, we derive parameters of a sequence of body models, representing shape and motion of a person, including jaw poses, facial expressions, and finger poses. We optimize these parameters over the complete image sequence, fitting one consistent body shape while imposing temporal consistency on the body motion, assuming linear body joint trajectories over a short time. Our approach enables the derivation of realistic 3D body models from image sequences, including facial expression and articulated hands. In extensive experiments, we show that our approach results in accurately estimated body shape and motion, also for challenging movements and poses. Further, we apply it to the special application of sign language analysis, where accurate and temporal consistent motion modelling is essential, and show that the approach is well-suited for this kind of application.      
### 19.Unifying Architectures, Tasks, and Modalities Through a Simple Sequence-to-Sequence Learning Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03052.pdf)
>  In this work, we pursue a unified paradigm for multimodal pretraining to break the scaffolds of complex task/modality-specific customization. We propose OFA, a unified multimodal pretrained model that unifies modalities (i.e., cross-modality, vision, language) and tasks (e.g., image generation, visual grounding, image captioning, image classification, text generation, etc.) to a simple sequence-to-sequence learning framework based on the encoder-decoder architecture. OFA performs pretraining and finetuning with task instructions and introduces no extra task-specific layers for finetuning. Experimental results show that OFA achieves new state-of-the-arts on a series of multimodal tasks, including image captioning (COCO test CIDEr: 149.6), text-to-image generation (COCO test FID: 10.5), VQA (test-std acc.: 80.02), SNLI-VE (test acc.: 90.20), and referring expression comprehension (RefCOCO / RefCOCO+ / RefCOCOg test acc.: 92.93 / 90.10 / 85.20). Through extensive analyses, we demonstrate that OFA reaches comparable performance with uni-modal pretrained models (e.g., BERT, MAE, MoCo v3, SimCLR v2, etc.) in uni-modal tasks, including NLU, NLG, and image classification, and it effectively transfers to unseen tasks and domains. Code shall be released soon at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/OFA-Sys/OFA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 20.A new face swap method for image and video domains: a technical report  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03046.pdf)
>  Deep fake technology became a hot field of research in the last few years. Researchers investigate sophisticated Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN), autoencoders, and other approaches to establish precise and robust algorithms for face swapping. Achieved results show that the deep fake unsupervised synthesis task has problems in terms of the visual quality of generated data. These problems usually lead to high fake detection accuracy when an expert analyzes them. The first problem is that existing image-to-image approaches do not consider video domain specificity and frame-by-frame processing leads to face jittering and other clearly visible distortions. Another problem is the generated data resolution, which is low for many existing methods due to high computational complexity. The third problem appears when the source face has larger proportions (like bigger cheeks), and after replacement it becomes visible on the face border. Our main goal was to develop such an approach that could solve these problems and outperform existing solutions on a number of clue metrics. We introduce a new face swap pipeline that is based on FaceShifter architecture and fixes the problems stated above. With a new eye loss function, super-resolution block, and Gaussian-based face mask generation leads to improvements in quality which is confirmed during evaluation.      
### 21.Context Autoencoder for Self-Supervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03026.pdf)
>  We present a novel masked image modeling (MIM) approach, context autoencoder (CAE), for self-supervised learning. We randomly partition the image into two sets: visible patches and masked patches. The CAE architecture consists of: (i) an encoder that takes visible patches as input and outputs their latent representations, (ii) a latent context regressor that predicts the masked patch representations from the visible patch representations that are not updated in this regressor, (iii) a decoder that takes the estimated masked patch representations as input and makes predictions for the masked patches, and (iv) an alignment module that aligns the masked patch representation estimation with the masked patch representations computed from the encoder. <br>In comparison to previous MIM methods that couple the encoding and decoding roles, e.g., using a single module in BEiT, our approach attempts to~\emph{separate the encoding role (content understanding) from the decoding role (making predictions for masked patches)} using different modules, improving the content understanding capability. In addition, our approach makes predictions from the visible patches to the masked patches in \emph{the latent representation space} that is expected to take on semantics. In addition, we present the explanations about why contrastive pretraining and supervised pretraining perform similarly and why MIM potentially performs better. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our CAE through superior transfer performance in downstream tasks: semantic segmentation, and object detection and instance segmentation.      
### 22.Learning Sound Localization Better From Semantically Similar Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03007.pdf)
>  The objective of this work is to localize the sound sources in visual scenes. Existing audio-visual works employ contrastive learning by assigning corresponding audio-visual pairs from the same source as positives while randomly mismatched pairs as negatives. However, these negative pairs may contain semantically matched audio-visual information. Thus, these semantically correlated pairs, "hard positives", are mistakenly grouped as negatives. Our key contribution is showing that hard positives can give similar response maps to the corresponding pairs. Our approach incorporates these hard positives by adding their response maps into a contrastive learning objective directly. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on VGG-SS and SoundNet-Flickr test sets, showing favorable performance to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 23.Automatic defect segmentation by unsupervised anomaly learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02998.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of defect segmentation in semiconductor manufacturing. The input of our segmentation is a scanning-electron-microscopy (SEM) image of the candidate defect region. We train a U-net shape network to segment defects using a dataset of clean background images. The samples of the training phase are produced automatically such that no manual labeling is required. To enrich the dataset of clean background samples, we apply defect implant augmentation. To that end, we apply a copy-and-paste of a random image patch in the clean specimen. To improve robustness to the unlabeled data scenario, we train the features of the network with unsupervised learning methods and loss functions. Our experiments show that we succeed to segment real defects with high quality, even though our dataset contains no defect examples. Our approach performs accurately also on the problem of supervised and labeled defect segmentation.      
### 24.3D Object Detection from Images for Autonomous Driving: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02980.pdf)
>  3D object detection from images, one of the fundamental and challenging problems in autonomous driving, has received increasing attention from both industry and academia in recent years. Benefiting from the rapid development of deep learning technologies, image-based 3D detection has achieved remarkable progress. Particularly, more than 200 works have studied this problem from 2015 to 2021, encompassing a broad spectrum of theories, algorithms, and applications. However, to date no recent survey exists to collect and organize this knowledge. In this paper, we fill this gap in the literature and provide the first comprehensive survey of this novel and continuously growing research field, summarizing the most commonly used pipelines for image-based 3D detection and deeply analyzing each of their components. Additionally, we also propose two new taxonomies to organize the state-of-the-art methods into different categories, with the intent of providing a more systematic review of existing methods and facilitating fair comparisons with future works. In retrospect of what has been achieved so far, we also analyze the current challenges in the field and discuss future directions for image-based 3D detection research.      
### 25.Benchmarking Deep Models for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02925.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep network-based methods have continuously refreshed state-of-the-art performance on Salient Object Detection (SOD) task. However, the performance discrepancy caused by different implementation details may conceal the real progress in this task. Making an impartial comparison is required for future researches. To meet this need, we construct a general SALient Object Detection (SALOD) benchmark to conduct a comprehensive comparison among several representative SOD methods. Specifically, we re-implement 14 representative SOD methods by using consistent settings for training. Moreover, two additional protocols are set up in our benchmark to investigate the robustness of existing methods in some limited conditions. In the first protocol, we enlarge the difference between objectness distributions of train and test sets to evaluate the robustness of these SOD methods. In the second protocol, we build multiple train subsets with different scales to validate whether these methods can extract discriminative features from only a few samples. In the above experiments, we find that existing loss functions usually specialized in some metrics but reported inferior results on the others. Therefore, we propose a novel Edge-Aware (EA) loss that promotes deep networks to learn more discriminative features by integrating both pixel- and image-level supervision signals. Experiments prove that our EA loss reports more robust performances compared to existing losses.      
### 26.Dataset Condensation with Contrastive Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02916.pdf)
>  Recent studies have demonstrated that gradient matching-based dataset synthesis, or dataset condensation (DC), methods can achieve state-of-the-art performance when applied to data-efficient learning tasks. However, in this study, we prove that the existing DC methods can perform worse than the random selection method when task-irrelevant information forms a significant part of the training dataset. We attribute this to the lack of participation of the contrastive signals between the classes resulting from the class-wise gradient matching strategy. To address this problem, we propose Dataset Condensation with Contrastive signals (DCC) by modifying the loss function to enable the DC methods to effectively capture the differences between classes. In addition, we analyze the new loss function in terms of training dynamics by tracking the kernel velocity. Furthermore, we introduce a bi-level warm-up strategy to stabilize the optimization. Our experimental results indicate that while the existing methods are ineffective for fine-grained image classification tasks, the proposed method can successfully generate informative synthetic datasets for the same tasks. Moreover, we demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms the baselines even on benchmark datasets such as SVHN, CIFAR-10, and CIFAR-100. Finally, we demonstrate the high applicability of the proposed method by applying it to continual learning tasks.      
### 27.Block shuffling learning for Deepfake Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02819.pdf)
>  Although the deepfake detection based on convolutional neural network has achieved good results, the detection results show that these detectors show obvious performance degradation when the input images undergo some common transformations (like resizing, blurring), which indicates that the generalization ability of the detector is insufficient. In this paper, we propose a novel block shuffling learning method to solve this problem. Specifically, we divide the images into blocks and then introduce the random shuffling to intra-block and inter-block. Intra-block shuffling increases the robustness of the detector and we also propose an adversarial loss algorithm to overcome the over-fitting problem brought by the noise introduced by shuffling. Moreover, we encourage the detector to focus on finding differences among the local features through inter-block shuffling, and reconstruct the spatial layout of the blocks to model the semantic associations between them. Especially, our method can be easily integrated with various CNN models. Extensive experiments show that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance in forgery face detection, including good generalization ability in the face of common image transformations.      
### 28.Low-confidence Samples Matter for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02802.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation (DA) aims to transfer knowledge from a label-rich source domain to a related but label-scarce target domain. The conventional DA strategy is to align the feature distributions of the two domains. Recently, increasing researches have focused on self-training or other semi-supervised algorithms to explore the data structure of the target domain. However, the bulk of them depend largely on confident samples in order to build reliable pseudo labels, prototypes or cluster centers. Representing the target data structure in such a way would overlook the huge low-confidence samples, resulting in sub-optimal transferability that is biased towards the samples similar to the source domain. To overcome this issue, we propose a novel contrastive learning method by processing low-confidence samples, which encourages the model to make use of the target data structure through the instance discrimination process. To be specific, we create positive and negative pairs only using low-confidence samples, and then re-represent the original features with the classifier weights rather than directly utilizing them, which can better encode the task-specific semantic information. Furthermore, we combine cross-domain mixup to augment the proposed contrastive loss. Consequently, the domain gap can be well bridged through contrastive learning of intermediate representations across domains. We evaluate the proposed method in both unsupervised and semi-supervised DA settings, and extensive experimental results on benchmarks reveal that our method is effective and achieves state-of-the-art performance. The code can be found in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhyx12/MixLRCo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.GLPanoDepth: Global-to-Local Panoramic Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02796.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a learning-based method for predicting dense depth values of a scene from a monocular omnidirectional image. An omnidirectional image has a full field-of-view, providing much more complete descriptions of the scene than perspective images. However, fully-convolutional networks that most current solutions rely on fail to capture rich global contexts from the panorama. To address this issue and also the distortion of equirectangular projection in the panorama, we propose Cubemap Vision Transformers (CViT), a new transformer-based architecture that can model long-range dependencies and extract distortion-free global features from the panorama. We show that cubemap vision transformers have a global receptive field at every stage and can provide globally coherent predictions for spherical signals. To preserve important local features, we further design a convolution-based branch in our pipeline (dubbed GLPanoDepth) and fuse global features from cubemap vision transformers at multiple scales. This global-to-local strategy allows us to fully exploit useful global and local features in the panorama, achieving state-of-the-art performance in panoramic depth estimation.      
### 30.Multi-domain Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation with Appearance Adaptive Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02779.pdf)
>  Over the past few years, image-to-image (I2I) translation methods have been proposed to translate a given image into diverse outputs. Despite the impressive results, they mainly focus on the I2I translation between two domains, so the multi-domain I2I translation still remains a challenge. To address this problem, we propose a novel multi-domain unsupervised image-to-image translation (MDUIT) framework that leverages the decomposed content feature and appearance adaptive convolution to translate an image into a target appearance while preserving the given geometric content. We also exploit a contrast learning objective, which improves the disentanglement ability and effectively utilizes multi-domain image data in the training process by pairing the semantically similar images. This allows our method to learn the diverse mappings between multiple visual domains with only a single framework. We show that the proposed method produces visually diverse and plausible results in multiple domains compared to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 31.Learning Features with Parameter-Free Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02777.pdf)
>  Trainable layers such as convolutional building blocks are the standard network design choices by learning parameters to capture the global context through successive spatial operations. When designing an efficient network, trainable layers such as the depthwise convolution is the source of efficiency in the number of parameters and FLOPs, but there was little improvement to the model speed in practice. This paper argues that simple built-in parameter-free operations can be a favorable alternative to the efficient trainable layers replacing spatial operations in a network architecture. We aim to break the stereotype of organizing the spatial operations of building blocks into trainable layers. Extensive experimental analyses based on layer-level studies with fully-trained models and neural architecture searches are provided to investigate whether parameter-free operations such as the max-pool are functional. The studies eventually give us a simple yet effective idea for redesigning network architectures, where the parameter-free operations are heavily used as the main building block without sacrificing the model accuracy as much. Experimental results on the ImageNet dataset demonstrate that the network architectures with parameter-free operations could enjoy the advantages of further efficiency in terms of model speed, the number of the parameters, and FLOPs. Code and ImageNet pretrained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/naver-ai/PfLayer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Enhancing variational generation through self-decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02738.pdf)
>  In this article we introduce the notion of Split Variational Autoencoder (SVAE), whose output $\hat{x}$ is obtained as a weighted sum $\sigma \odot \hat{x_1} + (1-\sigma) \odot \hat{x_2}$ of two generated images $\hat{x_1},\hat{x_2}$, and $\sigma$ is a learned compositional map. The network is trained as a usual Variational Autoencoder with a negative loglikelihood loss between training and reconstructed images. The decomposition is nondeterministic, but follows two main schemes, that we may roughly categorize as either "syntactic" or "semantic". In the first case, the map tends to exploit the strong correlation between adjacent pixels, splitting the image in two complementary high frequency sub-images. In the second case, the map typically focuses on the contours of objects, splitting the image in interesting variations of its content, with more marked and distinctive features. In this case, the Fréchet Inception Distance (FID) of $\hat{x_1}$ and $\hat{x_2}$ is usually lower (hence better) than that of $\hat{x}$, that clearly suffers from being the average of the formers. In a sense, a SVAE forces the Variational Autoencoder to {\em make choices}, in contrast with its intrinsic tendency to average between alternatives with the aim to minimize the reconstruction loss towards a specific sample. According to the FID metric, our technique, tested on typical datasets such as Mnist, Cifar10 and Celeba, allows us to outperform all previous purely variational architectures (not relying on normalization flows).      
### 33.FEAT: Face Editing with Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02713.pdf)
>  Employing the latent space of pretrained generators has recently been shown to be an effective means for GAN-based face manipulation. The success of this approach heavily relies on the innate disentanglement of the latent space axes of the generator. However, face manipulation often intends to affect local regions only, while common generators do not tend to have the necessary spatial disentanglement. In this paper, we build on the StyleGAN generator, and present a method that explicitly encourages face manipulation to focus on the intended regions by incorporating learned attention maps. During the generation of the edited image, the attention map serves as a mask that guides a blending between the original features and the modified ones. The guidance for the latent space edits is achieved by employing CLIP, which has recently been shown to be effective for text-driven edits. We perform extensive experiments and show that our method can perform disentangled and controllable face manipulations based on text descriptions by attending to the relevant regions only. Both qualitative and quantitative experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method for facial region editing over alternative methods.      
### 34.Portrait Segmentation Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02705.pdf)
>  A portrait is a painting, drawing, photograph, or engraving of a person, especially one depicting only the face or head and shoulders. In the digital world the portrait of a person is captured by having the person as a subject in the image and capturing the image of the person such that the background is blurred. DSLRs generally do it by reducing the aperture to focus on very close regions of interest and automatically blur the background. In this paper I have come up with a novel approach to replicate the portrait mode from DSLR using any smartphone to generate high quality portrait images.      
### 35.Multi-modal Sensor Fusion for Auto Driving Perception: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02703.pdf)
>  Multi-modal fusion is a fundamental task for the perception of an autonomous driving system, which has recently intrigued many researchers. However, achieving a rather good performance is not an easy task due to the noisy raw data, underutilized information, and the misalignment of multi-modal sensors. In this paper, we provide a literature review of the existing multi-modal-based methods for perception tasks in autonomous driving. Generally, we make a detailed analysis including over 50 papers leveraging perception sensors including LiDAR and camera trying to solve object detection and semantic segmentation tasks. Different from traditional fusion methodology for categorizing fusion models, we propose an innovative way that divides them into two major classes, four minor classes by a more reasonable taxonomy in the view of the fusion stage. Moreover, we dive deep into the current fusion methods, focusing on the remaining problems and open-up discussions on the potential research opportunities. In conclusion, what we expect to do in this paper is to present a new taxonomy of multi-modal fusion methods for the autonomous driving perception tasks and provoke thoughts of the fusion-based techniques in the future.      
### 36.SRPCN: Structure Retrieval based Point Completion Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02669.pdf)
>  Given partial objects and some complete ones as references, point cloud completion aims to recover authentic shapes. However, existing methods pay little attention to general shapes, which leads to the poor authenticity of completion results. Besides, the missing patterns are diverse in reality, but existing methods can only handle fixed ones, which means a poor generalization ability. Considering that a partial point cloud is a subset of the corresponding complete one, we regard them as different samples of the same distribution and propose Structure Retrieval based Point Completion Network (SRPCN). It first uses k-means clustering to extract structure points and disperses them into distributions, and then KL Divergence is used as a metric to find the complete structure point cloud that best matches the input in a database. Finally, a PCN-like decoder network is adopted to generate the final results based on the retrieved structure point clouds. As structure plays an important role in describing the general shape of an object and the proposed structure retrieval method is robust to missing patterns, experiments show that our method can generate more authentic results and has a stronger generalization ability.      
### 37.Simulation-to-Reality domain adaptation for offline 3D object annotation on pointclouds with correlation alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02666.pdf)
>  Annotating objects with 3D bounding boxes in LiDAR pointclouds is a costly human driven process in an autonomous driving perception system. In this paper, we present a method to semi-automatically annotate real-world pointclouds collected by deployment vehicles using simulated data. We train a 3D object detector model on labeled simulated data from CARLA jointly with real world pointclouds from our target vehicle. The supervised object detection loss is augmented with a CORAL loss term to reduce the distance between labeled simulated and unlabeled real pointcloud feature representations. The goal here is to learn representations that are invariant to simulated (labeled) and real-world (unlabeled) target domains. We also provide an updated survey on domain adaptation methods for pointclouds.      
### 38.LiDAR dataset distillation within bayesian active learning framework: Understanding the effect of data augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02661.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving (AD) datasets have progressively grown in size in the past few years to enable better deep representation learning. Active learning (AL) has re-gained attention recently to address reduction of annotation costs and dataset size. AL has remained relatively unexplored for AD datasets, especially on point cloud data from LiDARs. This paper performs a principled evaluation of AL based dataset distillation on (1/4th) of the large Semantic-KITTI dataset. Further on, the gains in model performance due to data augmentation (DA) are demonstrated across different subsets of the AL loop. We also demonstrate how DA improves the selection of informative samples to annotate. We observe that data augmentation achieves full dataset accuracy using only 60\% of samples from the selected dataset configuration. This provides faster training time and subsequent gains in annotation costs.      
### 39.A survey of top-down approaches for human pose estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02656.pdf)
>  Human pose estimation in two-dimensional images videos has been a hot topic in the computer vision problem recently due to its vast benefits and potential applications for improving human life, such as behaviors recognition, motion capture and augmented reality, training robots, and movement tracking. Many state-of-the-art methods implemented with Deep Learning have addressed several challenges and brought tremendous remarkable results in the field of human pose estimation. Approaches are classified into two kinds: the two-step framework (top-down approach) and the part-based framework (bottom-up approach). While the two-step framework first incorporates a person detector and then estimates the pose within each box independently, detecting all body parts in the image and associating parts belonging to distinct persons is conducted in the part-based framework. This paper aims to provide newcomers with an extensive review of deep learning methods-based 2D images for recognizing the pose of people, which only focuses on top-down approaches since 2016. The discussion through this paper presents significant detectors and estimators depending on mathematical background, the challenges and limitations, benchmark datasets, evaluation metrics, and comparison between methods.      
### 40.Layer-wise Regularized Adversarial Training using Layers Sustainability Analysis (LSA) framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02626.pdf)
>  Deep neural network models are used today in various applications of artificial intelligence, the strengthening of which, in the face of adversarial attacks is of particular importance. An appropriate solution to adversarial attacks is adversarial training, which reaches a trade-off between robustness and generalization. This paper introduces a novel framework (Layer Sustainability Analysis (LSA)) for the analysis of layer vulnerability in a given neural network in the scenario of adversarial attacks. LSA can be a helpful toolkit to assess deep neural networks and to extend adversarial training approaches towards improving the sustainability of model layers via layer monitoring and analysis. The LSA framework identifies a list of Most Vulnerable Layers (MVL list) of a given network. The relative error, as a comparison measure, is used to evaluate the representation sustainability of each layer against adversarial attack inputs. The proposed approach for obtaining robust neural networks to fend off adversarial attacks is based on a layer-wise regularization (LR) over LSA proposal(s) for adversarial training (AT); i.e. the AT-LR procedure. AT-LR could be used with any benchmark adversarial attack to reduce the vulnerability of network layers and to improve conventional adversarial training approaches. The proposed idea performs well theoretically and experimentally for state-of-the-art multilayer perceptron and convolutional neural network architectures. Compared with the AT-LR and its corresponding base adversarial training, the classification accuracy of more significant perturbations increased by 16.35%, 21.79%, and 10.730% on Moon, MNIST, and CIFAR-10 benchmark datasets in comparison with the AT-LR and its corresponding base adversarial training, respectively. The LSA framework is available and published at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/khalooei/LSA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Memory Defense: More Robust Classification via a Memory-Masking Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02595.pdf)
>  Many deep neural networks are susceptible to minute perturbations of images that have been carefully crafted to cause misclassification. Ideally, a robust classifier would be immune to small variations in input images, and a number of defensive approaches have been created as a result. One method would be to discern a latent representation which could ignore small changes to the input. However, typical autoencoders easily mingle inter-class latent representations when there are strong similarities between classes, making it harder for a decoder to accurately project the image back to the original high-dimensional space. We propose a novel framework, Memory Defense, an augmented classifier with a memory-masking autoencoder to counter this challenge. By masking other classes, the autoencoder learns class-specific independent latent representations. We test the model's robustness against four widely used attacks. Experiments on the Fashion-MNIST &amp; CIFAR-10 datasets demonstrate the superiority of our model. We make available our source code at GitHub repository: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/eashanadhikarla/MemDefense" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 42.Catch Me if You Can: A Novel Task for Detection of Covert Geo-Locations (CGL)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02567.pdf)
>  Most visual scene understanding tasks in the field of computer vision involve identification of the objects present in the scene. Image regions like hideouts, turns, &amp; other obscured regions of the scene also contain crucial information, for specific surveillance tasks. Task proposed in this paper involves the design of an intelligent visual aid for identification of such locations in an image, which has either the potential to create an imminent threat from an adversary or appear as the target zones needing further investigation. Covert places (CGL) for hiding behind an occluding object are concealed 3D locations, not detectable from the viewpoint (camera). Hence this involves delineating specific image regions around the projections of outer boundary of the occluding objects, as places to be accessed around the potential hideouts. CGL detection finds applications in military counter-insurgency operations, surveillance with path planning for an exploratory robot. Given an RGB image, the goal is to identify all CGLs in the 2D scene. Identification of such regions would require knowledge about the 3D boundaries of obscuring items (pillars, furniture), their spatial location with respect to the neighboring regions of the scene. We propose this as a novel task, termed Covert Geo-Location (CGL) Detection. Classification of any region of an image as a CGL (as boundary sub-segments of an occluding object that conceals the hideout) requires examining the 3D relation between boundaries of occluding objects and their neighborhoods &amp; surroundings. Our method successfully extracts relevant depth features from a single RGB image and quantitatively yields significant improvement over existing object detection and segmentation models adapted and trained for CGL detection. We also introduce a novel hand-annotated CGL detection dataset containing 1.5K real-world images for experimentation.      
### 43.Unsupervised Learning on 3D Point Clouds by Clustering and Contrasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02543.pdf)
>  Learning from unlabeled or partially labeled data to alleviate human labeling remains a challenging research topic in 3D modeling. Along this line, unsupervised representation learning is a promising direction to auto-extract features without human intervention. This paper proposes a general unsupervised approach, named \textbf{ConClu}, to perform the learning of point-wise and global features by jointly leveraging point-level clustering and instance-level contrasting. Specifically, for one thing, we design an Expectation-Maximization (EM) like soft clustering algorithm that provides local supervision to extract discriminating local features based on optimal transport. We show that this criterion extends standard cross-entropy minimization to an optimal transport problem, which we solve efficiently using a fast variant of the Sinkhorn-Knopp algorithm. For another, we provide an instance-level contrasting method to learn the global geometry, which is formulated by maximizing the similarity between two augmentations of one point cloud. Experimental evaluations on downstream applications such as 3D object classification and semantic segmentation demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework and show that it can outperform state-of-the-art techniques.      
### 44.PrivPAS: A real time Privacy-Preserving AI System and applied ethics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02524.pdf)
>  With 3.78 billion social media users worldwide in 2021 (48% of the human population), almost 3 billion images are shared daily. At the same time, a consistent evolution of smartphone cameras has led to a photography explosion with 85% of all new pictures being captured using smartphones. However, lately, there has been an increased discussion of privacy concerns when a person being photographed is unaware of the picture being taken or has reservations about the same being shared. These privacy violations are amplified for people with disabilities, who may find it challenging to raise dissent even if they are aware. Such unauthorized image captures may also be misused to gain sympathy by third-party organizations, leading to a privacy breach. Privacy for people with disabilities has so far received comparatively less attention from the AI community. This motivates us to work towards a solution to generate privacy-conscious cues for raising awareness in smartphone users of any sensitivity in their viewfinder content. To this end, we introduce PrivPAS (A real time Privacy-Preserving AI System) a novel framework to identify sensitive content. Additionally, we curate and annotate a dataset to identify and localize accessibility markers and classify whether an image is sensitive to a featured subject with a disability. We demonstrate that the proposed lightweight architecture, with a memory footprint of a mere 8.49MB, achieves a high mAP of 89.52% on resource-constrained devices. Furthermore, our pipeline, trained on face anonymized data, achieves an F1-score of 73.1%.      
### 45.Comparative study of 3D object detection frameworks based on LiDAR data and sensor fusion techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02521.pdf)
>  Estimating and understanding the surroundings of the vehicle precisely forms the basic and crucial step for the autonomous vehicle. The perception system plays a significant role in providing an accurate interpretation of a vehicle's environment in real-time. Generally, the perception system involves various subsystems such as localization, obstacle (static and dynamic) detection, and avoidance, mapping systems, and others. For perceiving the environment, these vehicles will be equipped with various exteroceptive (both passive and active) sensors in particular cameras, Radars, LiDARs, and others. These systems are equipped with deep learning techniques that transform the huge amount of data from the sensors into semantic information on which the object detection and localization tasks are performed. For numerous driving tasks, to provide accurate results, the location and depth information of a particular object is necessary. 3D object detection methods, by utilizing the additional pose data from the sensors such as LiDARs, stereo cameras, provides information on the size and location of the object. Based on recent research, 3D object detection frameworks performing object detection and localization on LiDAR data and sensor fusion techniques show significant improvement in their performance. In this work, a comparative study of the effect of using LiDAR data for object detection frameworks and the performance improvement seen by using sensor fusion techniques are performed. Along with discussing various state-of-the-art methods in both the cases, performing experimental analysis, and providing future research directions.      
### 46.Less is More: Reversible Steganography with Uncertainty-Aware Predictive Analytics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02518.pdf)
>  Artificial neural networks have advanced the frontiers of reversible steganography. The core strength of neural networks is the ability to render accurate predictions for a bewildering variety of data. Residual modulation is recognised as the most advanced reversible steganographic algorithm for digital images and the pivot of which is the predictive module. The function of this module is to predict pixel intensity given some pixel-wise contextual information. This task can be perceived as a low-level vision problem and hence neural networks for addressing a similar class of problems can be deployed. On top of the prior art, this paper analyses the predictive uncertainty and endows the predictive module with the option to abstain when encountering a high level of uncertainty. Uncertainty analysis can be formulated as a pixel-level binary classification problem and tackled by both supervised and unsupervised learning. In contrast to handcrafted statistical analytics, learning-based analytics can learn to follow some general statistical principles and simultaneously adapt to a specific predictor. Experimental results show that steganographic performance can be remarkably improved by adaptively filtering out the unpredictable regions with the learning-based uncertainty analysers.      
### 47.Adversarial Detector with Robust Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02503.pdf)
>  Deep neural network (DNN) models are wellknown to easily misclassify prediction results by using input images with small perturbations, called adversarial examples. In this paper, we propose a novel adversarial detector, which consists of a robust classifier and a plain one, to highly detect adversarial examples. The proposed adversarial detector is carried out in accordance with the logits of plain and robust classifiers. In an experiment, the proposed detector is demonstrated to outperform a state-of-the-art detector without any robust classifier.      
### 48.Investigating the Challenges of Class Imbalance and Scale Variation in Object Detection in Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02489.pdf)
>  While object detection is a common problem in computer vision, it is even more challenging when dealing with aerial satellite images. The variety in object scales and orientations can make them difficult to identify. In addition, there can be large amounts of densely packed small objects such as cars. In this project, we propose a few changes to the Faster-RCNN architecture. First, we experiment with different backbones to extract better features. We also modify the data augmentations and generated anchor sizes for region proposals in order to better handle small objects. Finally, we investigate the effects of different loss functions. Our proposed design achieves an improvement of 4.7 mAP over the baseline which used a vanilla Faster R-CNN with a ResNet-101 FPN backbone.      
### 49.Spelunking the Deep: Guaranteed Queries for General Neural Implicit Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02444.pdf)
>  Neural implicit representations, which encode a surface as the level set of a neural network applied to spatial coordinates, have proven to be remarkably effective for optimizing, compressing, and generating 3D geometry. Although these representations are easy to fit, it is not clear how to best evaluate geometric queries on the shape, such as intersecting against a ray or finding a closest point. The predominant approach is to encourage the network to have a signed distance property. However, this property typically holds only approximately, leading to robustness issues, and holds only at the conclusion of training, inhibiting the use of queries in loss functions. Instead, this work presents a new approach to perform queries directly on general neural implicit functions for a wide range of existing architectures. Our key tool is the application of range analysis to neural networks, using automatic arithmetic rules to bound the output of a network over a region; we conduct a study of range analysis on neural networks, and identify variants of affine arithmetic which are highly effective. We use the resulting bounds to develop geometric queries including ray casting, intersection testing, constructing spatial hierarchies, fast mesh extraction, closest-point evaluation, evaluating bulk properties, and more. Our queries can be efficiently evaluated on GPUs, and offer concrete accuracy guarantees even on randomly-initialized networks, enabling their use in training objectives and beyond. We also show a preliminary application to inverse rendering.      
### 50.Zero Experience Required: Plug &amp; Play Modular Transfer Learning for Semantic Visual Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02440.pdf)
>  In reinforcement learning for visual navigation, it is common to develop a model for each new task, and train that model from scratch with task-specific interactions in 3D environments. However, this process is expensive; massive amounts of interactions are needed for the model to generalize well. Moreover, this process is repeated whenever there is a change in the task type or the goal modality. We present a unified approach to visual navigation using a novel modular transfer learning model. Our model can effectively leverage its experience from one source task and apply it to multiple target tasks (e.g., ObjectNav, RoomNav, ViewNav) with various goal modalities (e.g., image, sketch, audio, label). Furthermore, our model enables zero-shot experience learning, whereby it can solve the target tasks without receiving any task-specific interactive training. Our experiments on multiple photorealistic datasets and challenging tasks show that our approach learns faster, generalizes better, and outperforms SoTA models by a significant margin.      
### 51.The influence of labeling techniques in classifying human manipulation movement of different speed  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02426.pdf)
>  In this work, we investigate the influence of labeling methods on the classification of human movements on data recorded using a marker-based motion capture system. The dataset is labeled using two different approaches, one based on video data of the movements, the other based on the movement trajectories recorded using the motion capture system. The dataset is labeled using two different approaches, one based on video data of the movements, the other based on the movement trajectories recorded using the motion capture system. The data was recorded from one participant performing a stacking scenario comprising simple arm movements at three different speeds (slow, normal, fast). Machine learning algorithms that include k-Nearest Neighbor, Random Forest, Extreme Gradient Boosting classifier, Convolutional Neural networks (CNN), Long Short-Term Memory networks (LSTM), and a combination of CNN-LSTM networks are compared on their performance in recognition of these arm movements. The models were trained on actions performed on slow and normal speed movements segments and generalized on actions consisting of fast-paced human movement. It was observed that all the models trained on normal-paced data labeled using trajectories have almost 20% improvement in accuracy on test data in comparison to the models trained on data labeled using videos of the performed experiments.      
### 52.StandardSim: A Synthetic Dataset For Retail Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02418.pdf)
>  Autonomous checkout systems rely on visual and sensory inputs to carry out fine-grained scene understanding in retail environments. Retail environments present unique challenges compared to typical indoor scenes owing to the vast number of densely packed, unique yet similar objects. The problem becomes even more difficult when only RGB input is available, especially for data-hungry tasks such as instance segmentation. To address the lack of datasets for retail, we present StandardSim, a large-scale photorealistic synthetic dataset featuring annotations for semantic segmentation, instance segmentation, depth estimation, and object detection. Our dataset provides multiple views per scene, enabling multi-view representation learning. Further, we introduce a novel task central to autonomous checkout called change detection, requiring pixel-level classification of takes, puts and shifts in objects over time. We benchmark widely-used models for segmentation and depth estimation on our dataset, show that our test set constitutes a difficult benchmark compared to current smaller-scale datasets and that our training set provides models with crucial information for autonomous checkout tasks.      
### 53.Hybrid Contrastive Quantization for Efficient Cross-View Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03384.pdf)
>  With the recent boom of video-based social platforms (e.g., YouTube and TikTok), video retrieval using sentence queries has become an important demand and attracts increasing research attention. Despite the decent performance, existing text-video retrieval models in vision and language communities are impractical for large-scale Web search because they adopt brute-force search based on high-dimensional embeddings. To improve efficiency, Web search engines widely apply vector compression libraries (e.g., FAISS) to post-process the learned embeddings. Unfortunately, separate compression from feature encoding degrades the robustness of representations and incurs performance decay. To pursue a better balance between performance and efficiency, we propose the first quantized representation learning method for cross-view video retrieval, namely Hybrid Contrastive Quantization (HCQ). Specifically, HCQ learns both coarse-grained and fine-grained quantizations with transformers, which provide complementary understandings for texts and videos and preserve comprehensive semantic information. By performing Asymmetric-Quantized Contrastive Learning (AQ-CL) across views, HCQ aligns texts and videos at coarse-grained and multiple fine-grained levels. This hybrid-grained learning strategy serves as strong supervision on the cross-view video quantization model, where contrastive learning at different levels can be mutually promoted. Extensive experiments on three Web video benchmark datasets demonstrate that HCQ achieves competitive performance with state-of-the-art non-compressed retrieval methods while showing high efficiency in storage and computation. Code and configurations are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gimpong/WWW22-HCQ" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.Message Passing Neural PDE Solvers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03376.pdf)
>  The numerical solution of partial differential equations (PDEs) is difficult, having led to a century of research so far. Recently, there have been pushes to build neural--numerical hybrid solvers, which piggy-backs the modern trend towards fully end-to-end learned systems. Most works so far can only generalize over a subset of properties to which a generic solver would be faced, including: resolution, topology, geometry, boundary conditions, domain discretization regularity, dimensionality, etc. In this work, we build a solver, satisfying these properties, where all the components are based on neural message passing, replacing all heuristically designed components in the computation graph with backprop-optimized neural function approximators. We show that neural message passing solvers representationally contain some classical methods, such as finite differences, finite volumes, and WENO schemes. In order to encourage stability in training autoregressive models, we put forward a method that is based on the principle of zero-stability, posing stability as a domain adaptation problem. We validate our method on various fluid-like flow problems, demonstrating fast, stable, and accurate performance across different domain topologies, discretization, etc. in 1D and 2D. Our model outperforms state-of-the-art numerical solvers in the low resolution regime in terms of speed and accuracy.      
### 55.LEDNet: Joint Low-light Enhancement and Deblurring in the Dark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03373.pdf)
>  Night photography typically suffers from both low light and blurring issues due to the dim environment and the common use of long exposure. While existing light enhancement and deblurring methods could deal with each problem individually, a cascade of such methods cannot work harmoniously to cope well with joint degradation of visibility and textures. Training an end-to-end network is also infeasible as no paired data is available to characterize the coexistence of low light and blurs. We address the problem by introducing a novel data synthesis pipeline that models realistic low-light blurring degradations. With the pipeline, we present the first large-scale dataset for joint low-light enhancement and deblurring. The dataset, LOL-Blur, contains 12,000 low-blur/normal-sharp pairs with diverse darkness and motion blurs in different scenarios. We further present an effective network, named LEDNet, to perform joint low-light enhancement and deblurring. Our network is unique as it is specially designed to consider the synergy between the two inter-connected tasks. Both the proposed dataset and network provide a foundation for this challenging joint task. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on both synthetic and real-world datasets.      
### 56.A Review of Landcover Classification with Very-High Resolution Remotely Sensed Optical Images-Analysis Unit,Model Scalability and Transferability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03342.pdf)
>  As an important application in remote sensing, landcover classification remains one of the most challenging tasks in very-high-resolution (VHR) image analysis. As the rapidly increasing number of Deep Learning (DL) based landcover methods and training strategies are claimed to be the state-of-the-art, the already fragmented technical landscape of landcover mapping methods has been further complicated. Although there exists a plethora of literature review work attempting to guide researchers in making an informed choice of landcover mapping methods, the articles either focus on the review of applications in a specific area or revolve around general deep learning models, which lack a systematic view of the ever advancing landcover mapping methods. In addition, issues related to training samples and model transferability have become more critical than ever in an era dominated by data-driven approaches, but these issues were addressed to a lesser extent in previous review articles regarding remote sensing classification. Therefore, in this paper, we present a systematic overview of existing methods by starting from learning methods and varying basic analysis units for landcover mapping tasks, to challenges and solutions on three aspects of scalability and transferability with a remote sensing classification focus including (1) sparsity and imbalance of data; (2) domain gaps across different geographical regions; and (3) multi-source and multi-view fusion. We discuss in detail each of these categorical methods and draw concluding remarks in these developments and recommend potential directions for the continued endeavor.      
### 57.Motion-Plane-Adaptive Inter Prediction in 360-Degree Video Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03323.pdf)
>  Inter prediction is one of the key technologies enabling the high compression efficiency of modern video coding standards. 360-degree video needs to be mapped to the 2D image plane prior to coding in order to allow compression using existing video coding standards. The distortions that inevitably occur when mapping spherical data onto the 2D image plane, however, impair the performance of classical inter prediction techniques. In this paper, we propose a motion-plane-adaptive inter prediction technique (MPA) for 360-degree video that takes the spherical characteristics of 360-degree video into account. Based on the known projection format of the video, MPA allows to perform inter prediction on different motion planes in 3D space instead of having to work on the - in theory arbitrarily mapped - 2D image representation directly. We furthermore derive a motion-plane-adaptive motion vector prediction technique (MPA-MVP) that allows to translate motion information between different motion planes and motion models. Our proposed integration of MPA together with MPA-MVP into the state-of-the-art H.266/VVC video coding standard shows significant Bjontegaard Delta rate savings of 1.72% with a peak of 3.97% based on PSNR and 1.56% with a peak of 3.40% based on WS-PSNR compared to the VTM-14.2 baseline on average.      
### 58.Human Activity Recognition Using Tools of Convolutional Neural Networks: A State of the Art Review, Data Sets, Challenges and Future Prospects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03274.pdf)
>  Human Activity Recognition (HAR) plays a significant role in the everyday life of people because of its ability to learn extensive high-level information about human activity from wearable or stationary devices. A substantial amount of research has been conducted on HAR and numerous approaches based on deep learning and machine learning have been exploited by the research community to classify human activities. The main goal of this review is to summarize recent works based on a wide range of deep neural networks architecture, namely convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for human activity recognition. The reviewed systems are clustered into four categories depending on the use of input devices like multimodal sensing devices, smartphones, radar, and vision devices. This review describes the performances, strengths, weaknesses, and the used hyperparameters of CNN architectures for each reviewed system with an overview of available public data sources. In addition, a discussion with the current challenges to CNN-based HAR systems is presented. Finally, this review is concluded with some potential future directions that would be of great assistance for the researchers who would like to contribute to this field.      
### 59.Towards an Analytical Definition of Sufficient Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03238.pdf)
>  We show that, for each of five datasets of increasing complexity, certain training samples are more informative of class membership than others. These samples can be identified a priori to training by analyzing their position in reduced dimensional space relative to the classes' centroids. Specifically, we demonstrate that samples nearer the classes' centroids are less informative than those that are furthest from it. For all five datasets, we show that there is no statistically significant difference between training on the entire training set and when excluding up to 2% of the data nearest to each class's centroid.      
### 60.TransFollower: Long-Sequence Car-Following Trajectory Prediction through Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03183.pdf)
>  Car-following refers to a control process in which the following vehicle (FV) tries to keep a safe distance between itself and the lead vehicle (LV) by adjusting its acceleration in response to the actions of the vehicle ahead. The corresponding car-following models, which describe how one vehicle follows another vehicle in the traffic flow, form the cornerstone for microscopic traffic simulation and intelligent vehicle development. One major motivation of car-following models is to replicate human drivers' longitudinal driving trajectories. To model the long-term dependency of future actions on historical driving situations, we developed a long-sequence car-following trajectory prediction model based on the attention-based Transformer model. The model follows a general format of encoder-decoder architecture. The encoder takes historical speed and spacing data as inputs and forms a mixed representation of historical driving context using multi-head self-attention. The decoder takes the future LV speed profile as input and outputs the predicted future FV speed profile in a generative way (instead of an auto-regressive way, avoiding compounding errors). Through cross-attention between encoder and decoder, the decoder learns to build a connection between historical driving and future LV speed, based on which a prediction of future FV speed can be obtained. We train and test our model with 112,597 real-world car-following events extracted from the Shanghai Naturalistic Driving Study (SH-NDS). Results show that the model outperforms the traditional intelligent driver model (IDM), a fully connected neural network model, and a long short-term memory (LSTM) based model in terms of long-sequence trajectory prediction accuracy. We also visualized the self-attention and cross-attention heatmaps to explain how the model derives its predictions.      
### 61.Rate Coding or Direct Coding: Which One is Better for Accurate, Robust, and Energy-efficient Spiking Neural Networks?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03133.pdf)
>  Recent Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) works focus on an image classification task, therefore various coding techniques have been proposed to convert an image into temporal binary spikes. Among them, rate coding and direct coding are regarded as prospective candidates for building a practical SNN system as they show state-of-the-art performance on large-scale datasets. Despite their usage, there is little attention to comparing these two coding schemes in a fair manner. In this paper, we conduct a comprehensive analysis of the two codings from three perspectives: accuracy, adversarial robustness, and energy-efficiency. First, we compare the performance of two coding techniques with various architectures and datasets. Then, we measure the robustness of the coding techniques on two adversarial attack methods. Finally, we compare the energy-efficiency of two coding schemes on a digital hardware platform. Our results show that direct coding can achieve better accuracy especially for a small number of timesteps. In contrast, rate coding shows better robustness to adversarial attacks owing to the non-differentiable spike generation process. Rate coding also yields higher energy-efficiency than direct coding which requires multi-bit precision for the first layer. Our study explores the characteristics of two codings, which is an important design consideration for building SNNs. The code is made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Intelligent-Computing-Lab-Yale/Rate-vs-Direct" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 62.Auto-Lambda: Disentangling Dynamic Task Relationships  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03091.pdf)
>  Understanding the structure of multiple related tasks allows for multi-task learning to improve the generalisation ability of one or all of them. However, it usually requires training each pairwise combination of tasks together in order to capture task relationships, at an extremely high computational cost. In this work, we learn task relationships via an automated weighting framework, named Auto-Lambda. Unlike previous methods where task relationships are assumed to be fixed, Auto-Lambda is a gradient-based meta learning framework which explores continuous, dynamic task relationships via task-specific weightings, and can optimise any choice of combination of tasks through the formulation of a meta-loss; where the validation loss automatically influences task weightings throughout training. We apply the proposed framework to both multi-task and auxiliary learning problems in computer vision and robotics, and show that Auto-Lambda achieves state-of-the-art performance, even when compared to optimisation strategies designed specifically for each problem and data domain. Finally, we observe that Auto-Lambda can discover interesting learning behaviors, leading to new insights in multi-task learning. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lorenmt/auto-lambda" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 63.Evaluation of Runtime Monitoring for UAV Emergency Landing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03059.pdf)
>  To certify UAV operations in populated areas, risk mitigation strategies -- such as Emergency Landing (EL) -- must be in place to account for potential failures. EL aims at reducing ground risk by finding safe landing areas using on-board sensors. The first contribution of this paper is to present a new EL approach, in line with safety requirements introduced in recent research. In particular, the proposed EL pipeline includes mechanisms to monitor learning based components during execution. This way, another contribution is to study the behavior of Machine Learning Runtime Monitoring (MLRM) approaches within the context of a real-world critical system. A new evaluation methodology is introduced, and applied to assess the practical safety benefits of three MLRM mechanisms. The proposed approach is compared to a default mitigation strategy (open a parachute when a failure is detected), and appears to be much safer.      
### 64.A comprehensive benchmark analysis for sand dust image reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.03031.pdf)
>  Numerous sand dust image enhancement algorithms have been proposed in recent years. To our best acknowledge, however, most methods evaluated their performance with no-reference way using few selected real-world images from internet. It is unclear how to quantitatively analysis the performance of the algorithms in a supervised way and how we could gauge the progress in the field. Moreover, due to the absence of large-scale benchmark datasets, there are no well-known reports of data-driven based method for sand dust image enhancement up till now. To advance the development of deep learning-based algorithms for sand dust image reconstruction, while enabling supervised objective evaluation of algorithm performance. In this paper, we presented a comprehensive perceptual study and analysis of real-world sand dust images, then constructed a Sand-dust Image Reconstruction Benchmark (SIRB) for training Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and evaluating algorithms performance. In addition, we adopted the existing image transformation neural network trained on SIRB as baseline to illustrate the generalization of SIRB for training CNNs. Finally, we conducted the qualitative and quantitative evaluation to demonstrate the performance and limitations of the state-of-the-arts (SOTA), which shed light on future research in sand dust image reconstruction.      
### 65.SUD: Supervision by Denoising for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02952.pdf)
>  Training a fully convolutional network for semantic segmentation typically requires a large, labeled dataset with little label noise if good generalization is to be guaranteed. For many segmentation problems, however, data with pixel- or voxel-level labeling accuracy are scarce due to the cost of manual labeling. This problem is exacerbated in domains where manual annotation is difficult, resulting in large amounts of variability in the labeling even across domain experts. Therefore, training segmentation networks to generalize better by learning from both labeled and unlabeled images (called semi-supervised learning) is problem of both practical and theoretical interest. However, traditional semi-supervised learning methods for segmentation often necessitate hand-crafting a differentiable regularizer specific to a given segmentation problem, which can be extremely time-consuming. In this work, we propose "supervision by denoising" (SUD), a framework that enables us to supervise segmentation models using their denoised output as targets. SUD unifies temporal ensembling and spatial denoising techniques under a spatio-temporal denoising framework and alternates denoising and network weight update in an optimization framework for semi-supervision. We validate SUD on three tasks-kidney and tumor (3D), and brain (3D) segmentation, and cortical parcellation (2D)-demonstrating a significant improvement in the Dice overlap and the Hausdorff distance of segmentations over supervised-only and temporal ensemble baselines.      
### 66.Deep Deterministic Independent Component Analysis for Hyperspectral Unmixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02951.pdf)
>  We develop a new neural network based independent component analysis (ICA) method by directly minimizing the dependence amongst all extracted components. Using the matrix-based R{é}nyi's $\alpha$-order entropy functional, our network can be directly optimized by stochastic gradient descent (SGD), without any variational approximation or adversarial training. As a solid application, we evaluate our ICA in the problem of hyperspectral unmixing (HU) and refute a statement that "\emph{ICA does not play a role in unmixing hyperspectral data}", which was initially suggested by~\cite{nascimento2005does}. Code and additional remarks of our DDICA is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hongmingli1995/DDICA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 67.Towards Micro-video Thumbnail Selection via a Multi-label Visual-semantic Embedding Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02930.pdf)
>  The thumbnail, as the first sight of a micro-video, plays a pivotal role in attracting users to click and watch. While in the real scenario, the more the thumbnails satisfy the users, the more likely the micro-videos will be clicked. In this paper, we aim to select the thumbnail of a given micro-video that meets most users` interests. Towards this end, we present a multi-label visual-semantic embedding model to estimate the similarity between the pair of each frame and the popular topics that users are interested in. In this model, the visual and textual information is embedded into a shared semantic space, whereby the similarity can be measured directly, even the unseen words. Moreover, to compare the frame to all words from the popular topics, we devise an attention embedding space associated with the semantic-attention projection. With the help of these two embedding spaces, the popularity score of a frame, which is defined by the sum of similarity scores over the corresponding visual information and popular topic pairs, is achieved. Ultimately, we fuse the visual representation score and the popularity score of each frame to select the attractive thumbnail for the given micro-video. Extensive experiments conducted on a real-world dataset have well-verified that our model significantly outperforms several state-of-the-art baselines.      
### 68.Inter-subject Contrastive Learning for Subject Adaptive EEG-based Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02901.pdf)
>  This paper tackles the problem of subject adaptive EEG-based visual recognition. Its goal is to accurately predict the categories of visual stimuli based on EEG signals with only a handful of samples for the target subject during training. The key challenge is how to appropriately transfer the knowledge obtained from abundant data of source subjects to the subject of interest. To this end, we introduce a novel method that allows for learning subject-independent representation by increasing the similarity of features sharing the same class but coming from different subjects. With the dedicated sampling principle, our model effectively captures the common knowledge shared across different subjects, thereby achieving promising performance for the target subject even under harsh problem settings with limited data. Specifically, on the EEG-ImageNet40 benchmark, our model records the top-1 / top-3 test accuracy of 72.6% / 91.6% when using only five EEG samples per class for the target subject. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DeepBCI/Deep-BCI/tree/master/1_Intelligent_BCI/Inter_Subject_Contrastive_Learning_for_EEG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 69.CheXstray: Real-time Multi-Modal Data Concordance for Drift Detection in Medical Imaging AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02833.pdf)
>  Rapidly expanding Clinical AI applications worldwide have the potential to impact to all areas of medical practice. Medical imaging applications constitute a vast majority of approved clinical AI applications. Though healthcare systems are eager to adopt AI solutions a fundamental question remains: \textit{what happens after the AI model goes into production?} We use the CheXpert and PadChest public datasets to build and test a medical imaging AI drift monitoring workflow that tracks data and model drift without contemporaneous ground truth. We simulate drift in multiple experiments to compare model performance with our novel multi-modal drift metric, which uses DICOM metadata, image appearance representation from a variational autoencoder (VAE), and model output probabilities as input. Through experimentation, we demonstrate a strong proxy for ground truth performance using unsupervised distributional shifts in relevant metadata, predicted probabilities, and VAE latent representation. Our key contributions include (1) proof-of-concept for medical imaging drift detection including use of VAE and domain specific statistical methods (2) a multi-modal methodology for measuring and unifying drift metrics (3) new insights into the challenges and solutions for observing deployed medical imaging AI (4) creation of open-source tools enabling others to easily run their own workflows or scenarios. This work has important implications for addressing the translation gap related to continuous medical imaging AI model monitoring in dynamic healthcare environments.      
### 70.Detecting Melanoma Fairly: Skin Tone Detection and Debiasing for Skin Lesion Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02832.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks have demonstrated human-level performance in the classification of melanoma and other skin lesions, but evident performance disparities between differing skin tones should be addressed before widespread deployment. In this work, we utilise a modified variational autoencoder to uncover skin tone bias in datasets commonly used as benchmarks. We propose an efficient yet effective algorithm for automatically labelling the skin tone of lesion images, and use this to annotate the benchmark ISIC dataset. We subsequently use two leading bias unlearning techniques to mitigate skin tone bias. Our experimental results provide evidence that our skin tone detection algorithm outperforms existing solutions and that unlearning skin tone improves generalisation and can reduce the performance disparity between melanoma detection in lighter and darker skin tones.      
### 71.Perceptual Coding for Compressed Video Understanding: A New Framework and Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02813.pdf)
>  Most video understanding methods are learned on high-quality videos. However, in most real-world scenarios, the videos are first compressed before the transportation and then decompressed for understanding. The decompressed videos are degraded in terms of perceptual quality, which may degenerate the downstream tasks. To address this issue, we propose the first coding framework for compressed video understanding, where another learnable perceptual bitstream is introduced and simultaneously transported with the video bitstream. With the sophisticatedly designed optimization target and network architectures, this new stream largely boosts the perceptual quality of the decoded videos yet with a small bit cost. Our framework can enjoy the best of both two worlds, (1) highly efficient content-coding of industrial video codec and (2) flexible perceptual-coding of neural networks (NNs). Finally, we build a rigorous benchmark for compressed video understanding over four different compression levels, six large-scale datasets, and two popular tasks. The proposed Dual-bitstream Perceptual Video Coding framework Dual-PVC consistently demonstrates significantly stronger performances than the baseline codec under the same bitrate level.      
### 72.Energy awareness in low precision neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02783.pdf)
>  Power consumption is a major obstacle in the deployment of deep neural networks (DNNs) on end devices. Existing approaches for reducing power consumption rely on quite general principles, including avoidance of multiplication operations and aggressive quantization of weights and activations. However, these methods do not take into account the precise power consumed by each module in the network, and are therefore not optimal. In this paper we develop accurate power consumption models for all arithmetic operations in the DNN, under various working conditions. We reveal several important factors that have been overlooked to date. Based on our analysis, we present PANN (power-aware neural network), a simple approach for approximating any full-precision network by a low-power fixed-precision variant. Our method can be applied to a pre-trained network, and can also be used during training to achieve improved performance. In contrast to previous methods, PANN incurs only a minor degradation in accuracy w.r.t. the full-precision version of the network, even when working at the power-budget of a 2-bit quantized variant. In addition, our scheme enables to seamlessly traverse the power-accuracy trade-off at deployment time, which is a major advantage over existing quantization methods that are constrained to specific bit widths.      
### 73.On Smart Gaze based Annotation of Histopathology Images for Training of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02764.pdf)
>  Unavailability of large training datasets is a bottleneck that needs to be overcome to realize the true potential of deep learning in histopathology applications. Although slide digitization via whole slide imaging scanners has increased the speed of data acquisition, labeling of virtual slides requires a substantial time investment from pathologists. Eye gaze annotations have the potential to speed up the slide labeling process. This work explores the viability and timing comparisons of eye gaze labeling compared to conventional manual labeling for training object detectors. Challenges associated with gaze based labeling and methods to refine the coarse data annotations for subsequent object detection are also discussed. Results demonstrate that gaze tracking based labeling can save valuable pathologist time and delivers good performance when employed for training a deep object detector. Using the task of localization of Keratin Pearls in cases of oral squamous cell carcinoma as a test case, we compare the performance gap between deep object detectors trained using hand-labelled and gaze-labelled data. On average, compared to `Bounding-box' based hand-labeling, gaze-labeling required $57.6\%$ less time per label and compared to `Freehand' labeling, gaze-labeling required on average $85\%$ less time per label.      
### 74.Hyper-Convolutions via Implicit Kernels for Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02701.pdf)
>  The convolutional neural network (CNN) is one of the most commonly used architectures for computer vision tasks. The key building block of a CNN is the convolutional kernel that aggregates information from the pixel neighborhood and shares weights across all pixels. A standard CNN's capacity, and thus its performance, is directly related to the number of learnable kernel weights, which is determined by the number of channels and the kernel size (support). In this paper, we present the \textit{hyper-convolution}, a novel building block that implicitly encodes the convolutional kernel using spatial coordinates. Hyper-convolutions decouple kernel size from the total number of learnable parameters, enabling a more flexible architecture design. We demonstrate in our experiments that replacing regular convolutions with hyper-convolutions can improve performance with less parameters, and increase robustness against noise. We provide our code here: \emph{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tym002/Hyper-Convolution" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 75.The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Random Pruning: Return of the Most Naive Baseline for Sparse Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02643.pdf)
>  Random pruning is arguably the most naive way to attain sparsity in neural networks, but has been deemed uncompetitive by either post-training pruning or sparse training. In this paper, we focus on sparse training and highlight a perhaps counter-intuitive finding, that random pruning at initialization can be quite powerful for the sparse training of modern neural networks. Without any delicate pruning criteria or carefully pursued sparsity structures, we empirically demonstrate that sparsely training a randomly pruned network from scratch can match the performance of its dense equivalent. There are two key factors that contribute to this revival: (i) the network sizes matter: as the original dense networks grow wider and deeper, the performance of training a randomly pruned sparse network will quickly grow to matching that of its dense equivalent, even at high sparsity ratios; (ii) appropriate layer-wise sparsity ratios can be pre-chosen for sparse training, which shows to be another important performance booster. Simple as it looks, a randomly pruned subnetwork of Wide ResNet-50 can be sparsely trained to outperforming a dense Wide ResNet-50, on ImageNet. We also observed such randomly pruned networks outperform dense counterparts in other favorable aspects, such as out-of-distribution detection, uncertainty estimation, and adversarial robustness. Overall, our results strongly suggest there is larger-than-expected room for sparse training at scale, and the benefits of sparsity might be more universal beyond carefully designed pruning. Our source code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VITA-Group/Random_Pruning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 76.DSSIM: a structural similarity index for floating-point data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02616.pdf)
>  Data visualization is a critical component in terms of interacting with floating-point output data from large model simulation codes. Indeed, postprocessing analysis workflows on simulation data often generate a large number of images from the raw data, many of which are then compared to each other or to specified reference images. In this image-comparison scenario, image quality assessment (IQA) measures are quite useful, and the Structural Similarity Index (SSIM) continues to be a popular choice. However, generating large numbers of images can be costly, and plot-specific (but data independent) choices can affect the SSIM value. A natural question is whether we can apply the SSIM directly to the floating-point simulation data and obtain an indication of whether differences in the data are likely to impact a visual assessment, effectively bypassing the creation of a specific set of images from the data. To this end, we propose an alternative to the popular SSIM that can be applied directly to the floating point data, which we refer to as the Data SSIM (DSSIM). While we demonstrate the usefulness of the DSSIM in the context of evaluating differences due to lossy compression on large volumes of simulation data from a popular climate model, the DSSIM may prove useful for many other applications involving simulation or image data.      
### 77.ROMNet: Renovate the Old Memories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02606.pdf)
>  Renovating the memories in old photos is an intriguing research topic in computer vision fields. These legacy images often suffer from severe and commingled degradations such as cracks, noise, and color-fading, while lack of large-scale paired old photo datasets makes this restoration task very challenging. In this work, we present a novel reference-based end-to-end learning framework that can jointly repair and colorize the degraded legacy pictures. Specifically, the proposed framework consists of three modules: a restoration sub-network for degradation restoration, a similarity sub-network for color histogram matching and transfer, and a colorization subnet that learns to predict the chroma elements of the images conditioned on chromatic reference signals. The whole system takes advantage of the color histogram priors in a given reference image, which vastly reduces the dependency on large-scale training data. Apart from the proposed method, we also create, to our knowledge, the first public and real-world old photo dataset with paired ground truth for evaluating old photo restoration models, wherein each old photo is paired with a manually restored pristine image by PhotoShop experts. Our extensive experiments conducted on both synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms state-of-the-arts both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 78.VIS-iTrack: Visual Intention through Gaze Tracking using Low-Cost Webcam  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02587.pdf)
>  Human intention is an internal, mental characterization for acquiring desired information. From interactive interfaces containing either textual or graphical information, intention to perceive desired information is subjective and strongly connected with eye gaze. In this work, we determine such intention by analyzing real-time eye gaze data with a low-cost regular webcam. We extracted unique features (e.g., Fixation Count, Eye Movement Ratio) from the eye gaze data of 31 participants to generate a dataset containing 124 samples of visual intention for perceiving textual or graphical information, labeled as either TEXT or IMAGE, having 48.39% and 51.61% distribution, respectively. Using this dataset, we analyzed 5 classifiers, including Support Vector Machine (SVM) (Accuracy: 92.19%). Using the trained SVM, we investigated the variation of visual intention among 30 participants, distributed in 3 age groups, and found out that young users were more leaned towards graphical contents whereas older adults felt more interested in textual ones. This finding suggests that real-time eye gaze data can be a potential source of identifying visual intention, analyzing which intention aware interactive interfaces can be designed and developed to facilitate human cognition.      
### 79.DEVO: Depth-Event Camera Visual Odometry in Challenging Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02556.pdf)
>  We present a novel real-time visual odometry framework for a stereo setup of a depth and high-resolution event camera. Our framework balances accuracy and robustness against computational efficiency towards strong performance in challenging scenarios. We extend conventional edge-based semi-dense visual odometry towards time-surface maps obtained from event streams. Semi-dense depth maps are generated by warping the corresponding depth values of the extrinsically calibrated depth camera. The tracking module updates the camera pose through efficient, geometric semi-dense 3D-2D edge alignment. Our approach is validated on both public and self-collected datasets captured under various conditions. We show that the proposed method performs comparable to state-of-the-art RGB-D camera-based alternatives in regular conditions, and eventually outperforms in challenging conditions such as high dynamics or low illumination.      
### 80.Tensor-CSPNet: A Novel Geometric Deep Learning Framework for Motor Imagery Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02472.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) has been widely investigated in a vast majority of applications in electroencephalography (EEG)-based brain-computer interfaces (BCIs), especially for motor imagery (MI) classification in the past five years. The mainstream DL methodology for the MI-EEG classification exploits the temporospatial patterns of EEG signals using convolutional neural networks (CNNs), which have been particularly successful in visual images. However, since the statistical characteristics of visual images may not benefit EEG signals, a natural question that arises is whether there exists an alternative network architecture despite CNNs to extract features for the MI-EEG classification. To address this question, we propose a novel geometric deep learning (GDL) framework called Tensor-CSPNet to characterize EEG signals on symmetric positive definite (SPD) manifolds and exploit the temporo-spatio-frequential patterns using deep neural networks on SPD manifolds. Meanwhile, many experiences of successful MI-EEG classifiers have been integrated into the Tensor-CSPNet framework to make it more efficient. In the experiments, Tensor-CSPNet attains or slightly outperforms the current state-of-the-art performance on the cross-validation and holdout scenarios of two MI-EEG datasets. The visualization and interpretability analyses also exhibit its validity for the MI-EEG classification. To conclude, we provide a feasible answer to the question by generalizing the previous DL methodologies on SPD manifolds, which indicates the start of a specific class from the GDL methodology for the MI-EEG classification.      
### 81.Few-shot Learning as Cluster-induced Voronoi Diagrams: A Geometric Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02471.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning (FSL) is the process of rapid generalization from abundant base samples to inadequate novel samples. Despite extensive research in recent years, FSL is still not yet able to generate satisfactory solutions for a wide range of real-world applications. To confront this challenge, we study the FSL problem from a geometric point of view in this paper. One observation is that the widely embraced ProtoNet model is essentially a Voronoi Diagram (VD) in the feature space. We retrofit it by making use of a recent advance in computational geometry called Cluster-induced Voronoi Diagram (CIVD). Starting from the simplest nearest neighbor model, CIVD gradually incorporates cluster-to-point and then cluster-to-cluster relationships for space subdivision, which is used to improve the accuracy and robustness at multiple stages of FSL. Specifically, we use CIVD (1) to integrate parametric and nonparametric few-shot classifiers; (2) to combine feature representation and surrogate representation; (3) and to leverage feature-level, transformation-level, and geometry-level heterogeneities for a better ensemble. Our CIVD-based workflow enables us to achieve new state-of-the-art results on mini-ImageNet, CUB, and tiered-ImagenNet datasets, with ${\sim}2\%{-}5\%$ improvements upon the next best. To summarize, CIVD provides a mathematically elegant and geometrically interpretable framework that compensates for extreme data insufficiency, prevents overfitting, and allows for fast geometric ensemble for thousands of individual VD. These together make FSL stronger.      
### 82.Machine Learning Method for Functional Assessment of Retinal Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02443.pdf)
>  Challenges in the field of retinal prostheses motivate the development of retinal models to accurately simulate Retinal Ganglion Cells (RGCs) responses. The goal of retinal prostheses is to enable blind individuals to solve complex, reallife visual tasks. In this paper, we introduce the functional assessment (FA) of retinal models, which describes the concept of evaluating the performance of retinal models on visual understanding tasks. We present a machine learning method for FA: we feed traditional machine learning classifiers with RGC responses generated by retinal models, to solve object and digit recognition tasks (CIFAR-10, MNIST, Fashion MNIST, Imagenette). We examined critical FA aspects, including how the performance of FA depends on the task, how to optimally feed RGC responses to the classifiers and how the number of output neurons correlates with the model's accuracy. To increase the number of output neurons, we manipulated input images - by splitting and then feeding them to the retinal model and we found that image splitting does not significantly improve the model's accuracy. We also show that differences in the structure of datasets result in largely divergent performance of the retinal model (MNIST and Fashion MNIST exceeded 80% accuracy, while CIFAR-10 and Imagenette achieved ~40%). Furthermore, retinal models which perform better in standard evaluation, i.e. more accurately predict RGC response, perform better in FA as well. However, unlike standard evaluation, FA results can be straightforwardly interpreted in the context of comparing the quality of visual perception.      
### 83.Stratification of carotid atheromatous plaque using interpretable deep learning methods on B-mode ultrasound images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02428.pdf)
>  Carotid atherosclerosis is the major cause of ischemic stroke resulting in significant rates of mortality and disability annually. Early diagnosis of such cases is of great importance, since it enables clinicians to apply a more effective treatment strategy. This paper introduces an interpretable classification approach of carotid ultrasound images for the risk assessment and stratification of patients with carotid atheromatous plaque. To address the highly imbalanced distribution of patients between the symptomatic and asymptomatic classes (16 vs 58, respectively), an ensemble learning scheme based on a sub-sampling approach was applied along with a two-phase, cost-sensitive strategy of learning, that uses the original and a resampled data set. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) were utilized for building the primary models of the ensemble. A six-layer deep CNN was used to automatically extract features from the images, followed by a classification stage of two fully connected layers. The obtained results (Area Under the ROC Curve (AUC): 73%, sensitivity: 75%, specificity: 70%) indicate that the proposed approach achieved acceptable discrimination performance. Finally, interpretability methods were applied on the model's predictions in order to reveal insights on the model's decision process as well as to enable the identification of novel image biomarkers for the stratification of patients with carotid atheromatous plaque.Clinical Relevance-The integration of interpretability methods with deep learning strategies can facilitate the identification of novel ultrasound image biomarkers for the stratification of patients with carotid atheromatous plaque.      
### 84.Fully Automated Tree Topology Estimation and Artery-Vein Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02382.pdf)
>  We present a fully automatic technique for extracting the retinal vascular topology, i.e., how the different vessels are connected to each other, given a single color fundus image. Determining this connectivity is very challenging because vessels cross each other in a 2D image, obscuring their true paths. We validated the usefulness of our extraction method by using it to achieve state-of-the-art results in retinal artery-vein classification. <br>Our proposed approach works as follows. We first segment the retinal vessels using our previously developed state-of-the-art segmentation method. Then, we estimate an initial graph from the extracted vessels and assign the most likely blood flow to each edge. We then use a handful of high-level operations (HLOs) to fix errors in the graph. These HLOs include detaching neighboring nodes, shifting the endpoints of an edge, and reversing the estimated blood flow direction for a branch. We use a novel cost function to find the optimal set of HLO operations for a given graph. Finally, we show that our extracted vascular structure is correct by propagating artery/vein labels along the branches. As our experiments show, our topology-based artery-vein labeling achieved state-of-the-art results on multiple datasets. We also performed several ablation studies to verify the importance of the different components of our proposed method.      
### 85.Boundary-aware Information Maximization for Self-supervised Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02371.pdf)
>  Unsupervised pre-training has been proven as an effective approach to boost various downstream tasks given limited labeled data. Among various methods, contrastive learning learns a discriminative representation by constructing positive and negative pairs. However, it is not trivial to build reasonable pairs for a segmentation task in an unsupervised way. In this work, we propose a novel unsupervised pre-training framework that avoids the drawback of contrastive learning. Our framework consists of two principles: unsupervised over-segmentation as a pre-train task using mutual information maximization and boundary-aware preserving learning. Experimental results on two benchmark medical segmentation datasets reveal our method's effectiveness in improving segmentation performance when few annotated images are available.      
