# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 15 Feb 2022
### 1.Slicing Aided Hyper Inference and Fine-tuning for Small Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06934.pdf)
>  Detection of small objects and objects far away in the scene is a major challenge in surveillance applications. Such objects are represented by small number of pixels in the image and lack sufficient details, making them difficult to detect using conventional detectors. In this work, an open-source framework called Slicing Aided Hyper Inference (SAHI) is proposed that provides a generic slicing aided inference and fine-tuning pipeline for small object detection. The proposed technique is generic in the sense that it can be applied on top of any available object detector without any fine-tuning. Experimental evaluations, using object detection baselines on the Visdrone and xView aerial object detection datasets show that the proposed inference method can increase object detection AP by 6.8%, 5.1% and 5.3% for FCOS, VFNet and TOOD detectors, respectively. Moreover, the detection accuracy can be further increased with a slicing aided fine-tuning, resulting in a cumulative increase of 12.7%, 13.4% and 14.5% AP in the same order. Proposed technique has been integrated with Detectron2, MMDetection and YOLOv5 models and it is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/obss/sahi.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 2.COLA: COarse LAbel pre-training for 3D semantic segmentation of sparse LiDAR datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06884.pdf)
>  Transfer learning is a proven technique in 2D computer vision to leverage the large amount of data available and achieve high performance with datasets limited in size due to the cost of acquisition or annotation. In 3D, annotation is known to be a costly task; nevertheless, transfer learning methods have only recently been investigated. Unsupervised pre-training has been heavily favored as no very large annotated dataset are available. In this work, we tackle the case of real-time 3D semantic segmentation of sparse outdoor LiDAR scans. Such datasets have been on the rise, but with different label sets even for the same task. In this work, we propose here an intermediate-level label set called the coarse labels, which allows all the data available to be leveraged without any manual labelization. This way, we have access to a larger dataset, alongside a simpler task of semantic segmentation. With it, we introduce a new pre-training task: the coarse label pre-training, also called COLA. We thoroughly analyze the impact of COLA on various datasets and architectures and show that it yields a noticeable performance improvement, especially when the finetuning task has access only to a small dataset.      
### 3.Visual Acoustic Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06875.pdf)
>  We introduce the visual acoustic matching task, in which an audio clip is transformed to sound like it was recorded in a target environment. Given an image of the target environment and a waveform for the source audio, the goal is to re-synthesize the audio to match the target room acoustics as suggested by its visible geometry and materials. To address this novel task, we propose a cross-modal transformer model that uses audio-visual attention to inject visual properties into the audio and generate realistic audio output. In addition, we devise a self-supervised training objective that can learn acoustic matching from in-the-wild Web videos, despite their lack of acoustically mismatched audio. We demonstrate that our approach successfully translates human speech to a variety of real-world environments depicted in images, outperforming both traditional acoustic matching and more heavily supervised baselines.      
### 4.An experimental study of the vision-bottleneck in VQA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06858.pdf)
>  As in many tasks combining vision and language, both modalities play a crucial role in Visual Question Answering (VQA). To properly solve the task, a given model should both understand the content of the proposed image and the nature of the question. While the fusion between modalities, which is another obviously important part of the problem, has been highly studied, the vision part has received less attention in recent work. Current state-of-the-art methods for VQA mainly rely on off-the-shelf object detectors delivering a set of object bounding boxes and embeddings, which are then combined with question word embeddings through a reasoning module. In this paper, we propose an in-depth study of the vision-bottleneck in VQA, experimenting with both the quantity and quality of visual objects extracted from images. We also study the impact of two methods to incorporate the information about objects necessary for answering a question, in the reasoning module directly, and earlier in the object selection stage. This work highlights the importance of vision in the context of VQA, and the interest of tailoring vision methods used in VQA to the task at hand.      
### 5.A Graph-Matching Approach for Cross-view Registration of Over-view 2 and Street-view based Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06857.pdf)
>  In this paper, based on the assumption that the object boundaries (e.g., buildings) from the over-view data should coincide with footprints of façade 3D points generated from street-view photogrammetric images, we aim to address this problem by proposing a fully automated geo-registration method for cross-view data, which utilizes semantically segmented object boundaries as view-invariant features under a global optimization framework through graph-matching: taking the over-view point clouds generated from stereo/multi-stereo satellite images and the street-view point clouds generated from monocular video images as the inputs, the proposed method models segments of buildings as nodes of graphs, both detected from the satellite-based and street-view based point clouds, thus to form the registration as a graph-matching problem to allow non-rigid matches; to enable a robust solution and fully utilize the topological relations between these segments, we propose to address the graph-matching problem on its conjugate graph solved through a belief-propagation algorithm. The matched nodes will be subject to a further optimization to allow precise-registration, followed by a constrained bundle adjustment on the street-view image to keep 2D29 3D consistencies, which yields well-registered street-view images and point clouds to the satellite point clouds.      
### 6.HAKE: A Knowledge Engine Foundation for Human Activity Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06851.pdf)
>  Human activity understanding is of widespread interest in artificial intelligence and spans diverse applications like health care and behavior analysis. Although there have been advances with deep learning, it remains challenging. The object recognition-like solutions usually try to map pixels to semantics directly, but activity patterns are much different from object patterns, thus hindering another success. In this work, we propose a novel paradigm to reformulate this task in two-stage: first mapping pixels to an intermediate space spanned by atomic activity primitives, then programming detected primitives with interpretable logic rules to infer semantics. To afford a representative primitive space, we build a knowledge base including 26+ M primitive labels and logic rules from human priors or automatic discovering. Our framework, Human Activity Knowledge Engine (HAKE), exhibits superior generalization ability and performance upon canonical methods on challenging benchmarks. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://hake-mvig.cn/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 7.CATs++: Boosting Cost Aggregation with Convolutions and Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06817.pdf)
>  Cost aggregation is a highly important process in image matching tasks, which aims to disambiguate the noisy matching scores. Existing methods generally tackle this by hand-crafted or CNN-based methods, which either lack robustness to severe deformations or inherit the limitation of CNNs that fail to discriminate incorrect matches due to limited receptive fields and inadaptability. In this paper, we introduce Cost Aggregation with Transformers (CATs) to tackle this by exploring global consensus among initial correlation map with the help of some architectural designs that allow us to fully enjoy global receptive fields of self-attention mechanism. Also, to alleviate some of the limitations that CATs may face, i.e., high computational costs induced by the use of a standard transformer that its complexity grows with the size of spatial and feature dimensions, which restrict its applicability only at limited resolution and result in rather limited performance, we propose CATs++, an extension of CATs. Our proposed methods outperform the previous state-of-the-art methods by large margins, setting a new state-of-the-art for all the benchmarks, including PF-WILLOW, PF-PASCAL, and SPair-71k. We further provide extensive ablation studies and analyses.      
### 8.Multi-scale Attention Guided Pose Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06777.pdf)
>  Pose transfer refers to the probabilistic image generation of a person with a previously unseen novel pose from another image of that person having a different pose. Due to potential academic and commercial applications, this problem is extensively studied in recent years. Among the various approaches to the problem, attention guided progressive generation is shown to produce state-of-the-art results in most cases. In this paper, we present an improved network architecture for pose transfer by introducing attention links at every resolution level of the encoder and decoder. By utilizing such dense multi-scale attention guided approach, we are able to achieve significant improvement over the existing methods both visually and analytically. We conclude our findings with extensive qualitative and quantitative comparisons against several existing methods on the DeepFashion dataset.      
### 9.Probabilistic Embeddings Revisited  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06768.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep metric learning and its probabilistic extensions achieved state-of-the-art results in a face verification task. However, despite improvements in face verification, probabilistic methods received little attention in the community. It is still unclear whether they can improve image retrieval quality. In this paper, we present an extensive comparison of probabilistic methods in verification and retrieval tasks. Following the suggested methodology, we outperform metric learning baselines using probabilistic methods and propose several directions for future work and improvements.      
### 10.Wukong: 100 Million Large-scale Chinese Cross-modal Pre-training Dataset and A Foundation Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06767.pdf)
>  This paper presents a large-scale Chinese cross-modal dataset for benchmarking different multi-modal pre-training methods to facilitate the Vision-Language Pre-training (VLP) research and community development. Recent dual-stream VLP models like CLIP, ALIGN and FILIP have shown remarkable performance on various downstream tasks as well as their remarkable zero-shot ability in the open domain tasks. However, their success heavily relies on the scale of pre-trained datasets. Though there have been both small-scale vision-language English datasets like Flickr30k, CC12M as well as large-scale LAION-400M, the current community lacks large-scale Vision-Language benchmarks in Chinese, hindering the development of broader multilingual applications. On the other hand, there is very rare publicly available large-scale Chinese cross-modal pre-training dataset that has been released, making it hard to use pre-trained models as services for downstream tasks. In this work, we release a Large-Scale Chinese Cross-modal dataset named Wukong, containing 100 million Chinese image-text pairs from the web. Furthermore, we release a group of big models pre-trained with advanced image encoders (ResNet/ViT/SwinT) and different pre-training methods (CLIP/FILIP/LiT). We provide extensive experiments, a deep benchmarking of different downstream tasks, and some exciting findings. Experiments show that Wukong can serve as a promising Chinese pre-training dataset and benchmark for different cross-modal learning methods, which gives superior performance on various downstream tasks such as zero-shot image classification and image-text retrieval benchmarks. More information can refer to <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://wukong-dataset.github.io/wukong-dataset/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.How Do Vision Transformers Work?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06709.pdf)
>  The success of multi-head self-attentions (MSAs) for computer vision is now indisputable. However, little is known about how MSAs work. We present fundamental explanations to help better understand the nature of MSAs. In particular, we demonstrate the following properties of MSAs and Vision Transformers (ViTs): (1) MSAs improve not only accuracy but also generalization by flattening the loss landscapes. Such improvement is primarily attributable to their data specificity, not long-range dependency. On the other hand, ViTs suffer from non-convex losses. Large datasets and loss landscape smoothing methods alleviate this problem; (2) MSAs and Convs exhibit opposite behaviors. For example, MSAs are low-pass filters, but Convs are high-pass filters. Therefore, MSAs and Convs are complementary; (3) Multi-stage neural networks behave like a series connection of small individual models. In addition, MSAs at the end of a stage play a key role in prediction. Based on these insights, we propose AlterNet, a model in which Conv blocks at the end of a stage are replaced with MSA blocks. AlterNet outperforms CNNs not only in large data regimes but also in small data regimes. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xxxnell/how-do-vits-work" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Geometric Transformer for Fast and Robust Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06688.pdf)
>  We study the problem of extracting accurate correspondences for point cloud registration. Recent keypoint-free methods bypass the detection of repeatable keypoints which is difficult in low-overlap scenarios, showing great potential in registration. They seek correspondences over downsampled superpoints, which are then propagated to dense points. Superpoints are matched based on whether their neighboring patches overlap. Such sparse and loose matching requires contextual features capturing the geometric structure of the point clouds. We propose Geometric Transformer to learn geometric feature for robust superpoint matching. It encodes pair-wise distances and triplet-wise angles, making it robust in low-overlap cases and invariant to rigid transformation. The simplistic design attains surprisingly high matching accuracy such that no RANSAC is required in the estimation of alignment transformation, leading to $100$ times acceleration. Our method improves the inlier ratio by 17\%$\sim$30\% and the registration recall by over 7\% on the challenging 3DLoMatch benchmark. The code and models will be released at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/qinzheng93/GeoTransformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 13.Domain Adaptation via Prompt Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06687.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaption (UDA) aims to adapt models learned from a well-annotated source domain to a target domain, where only unlabeled samples are given. Current UDA approaches learn domain-invariant features by aligning source and target feature spaces. Such alignments are imposed by constraints such as statistical discrepancy minimization or adversarial training. However, these constraints could lead to the distortion of semantic feature structures and loss of class discriminability. In this paper, we introduce a novel prompt learning paradigm for UDA, named Domain Adaptation via Prompt Learning (DAPL). In contrast to prior works, our approach makes use of pre-trained vision-language models and optimizes only very few parameters. The main idea is to embed domain information into prompts, a form of representations generated from natural language, which is then used to perform classification. This domain information is shared only by images from the same domain, thereby dynamically adapting the classifier according to each domain. By adopting this paradigm, we show that our model not only outperforms previous methods on several cross-domain benchmarks but also is very efficient to train and easy to implement.      
### 14.Convolutional Neural Network with Convolutional Block Attention Module for Finger Vein Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06673.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have become a popular research in the field of finger vein recognition because of their powerful image feature representation. However, most researchers focus on improving the performance of the network by increasing the CNN depth and width, which often requires high computational effort. Moreover, we can notice that not only the importance of pixels in different channels is different, but also the importance of pixels in different positions of the same channel is different. To reduce the computational effort and to take into account the different importance of pixels, we propose a lightweight convolutional neural network with a convolutional block attention module (CBAM) for finger vein recognition, which can achieve a more accurate capture of visual structures through an attention mechanism. First, image sequences are fed into a lightweight convolutional neural network we designed to improve visual features. Afterwards, it learns to assign feature weights in an adaptive manner with the help of a convolutional block attention module. The experiments are carried out on two publicly available databases and the results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves a stable, highly accurate, and robust performance in multimodal finger recognition.      
### 15.On the Complexity of Object Detection on Real-world Public Transportation Images for Social Distancing Measurement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06639.pdf)
>  Social distancing in public spaces has become an essential aspect in helping to reduce the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Exploiting recent advances in machine learning, there have been many studies in the literature implementing social distancing via object detection through the use of surveillance cameras in public spaces. However, to date, there has been no study of social distance measurement on public transport. The public transport setting has some unique challenges, including some low-resolution images and camera locations that can lead to the partial occlusion of passengers, which make it challenging to perform accurate detection. Thus, in this paper, we investigate the challenges of performing accurate social distance measurement on public transportation. We benchmark several state-of-the-art object detection algorithms using real-world footage taken from the London Underground and bus network. The work highlights the complexity of performing social distancing measurement on images from current public transportation onboard cameras. Further, exploiting domain knowledge of expected passenger behaviour, we attempt to improve the quality of the detections using various strategies and show improvement over using vanilla object detection alone.      
### 16.Online-updated High-order Collaborative Networks for Single Image Deraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06568.pdf)
>  Single image deraining is an important and challenging task for some downstream artificial intelligence applications such as video surveillance and self-driving systems. Most of the existing deep-learning-based methods constrain the network to generate derained images but few of them explore features from intermediate layers, different levels, and different modules which are beneficial for rain streaks removal. In this paper, we propose a high-order collaborative network with multi-scale compact constraints and a bidirectional scale-content similarity mining module to exploit features from deep networks externally and internally for rain streaks removal. Externally, we design a deraining framework with three sub-networks trained in a collaborative manner, where the bottom network transmits intermediate features to the middle network which also receives shallower rainy features from the top network and sends back features to the bottom network. Internally, we enforce multi-scale compact constraints on the intermediate layers of deep networks to learn useful features via a Laplacian pyramid. Further, we develop a bidirectional scale-content similarity mining module to explore features at different scales in a down-to-up and up-to-down manner. To improve the model performance on real-world images, we propose an online-update learning approach, which uses real-world rainy images to fine-tune the network and update the deraining results in a self-supervised manner. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed method performs favorably against eleven state-of-the-art methods on five public synthetic datasets and one real-world dataset. The source code will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://supercong94.wixsite.com/supercong94" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 17.Single-stage Rotate Object Detector via Two Points with Solar Corona Heatmap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06565.pdf)
>  Oriented object detection is a crucial task in computer vision. Current top-down oriented detection methods usually directly detect entire objects, and not only neglecting the authentic direction of targets, but also do not fully utilise the key semantic information, which causes a decrease in detection accuracy. In this study, we developed a single-stage rotating object detector via two points with a solar corona heatmap (ROTP) to detect oriented objects. The ROTP predicts parts of the object and then aggregates them to form a whole image. Herein, we meticulously represent an object in a random direction using the vertex, centre point with width, and height. Specifically, we regress two heatmaps that characterise the relative location of each object, which enhances the accuracy of locating objects and avoids deviations caused by angle predictions. To rectify the central misjudgement of the Gaussian heatmap on high-aspect ratio targets, we designed a solar corona heatmap generation method to improve the perception difference between the central and non-central samples. Additionally, we predicted the vertex relative to the direction of the centre point to connect two key points that belong to the same goal. Experiments on the HRSC 2016, UCASAOD, and DOTA datasets show that our ROTP achieves the most advanced performance with a simpler modelling and less manual intervention.      
### 18.Video2IMU: Realistic IMU features and signals from videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06547.pdf)
>  Human Activity Recognition (HAR) from wearable sensor data identifies movements or activities in unconstrained environments. HAR is a challenging problem as it presents great variability across subjects. Obtaining large amounts of labelled data is not straightforward, since wearable sensor signals are not easy to label upon simple human inspection. In our work, we propose the use of neural networks for the generation of realistic signals and features using human activity monocular videos. We show how these generated features and signals can be utilized, instead of their real counterparts, to train HAR models that can recognize activities using signals obtained with wearable sensors. To prove the validity of our methods, we perform experiments on an activity recognition dataset created for the improvement of industrial work safety. We show that our model is able to realistically generate virtual sensor signals and features usable to train a HAR classifier with comparable performance as the one trained using real sensor data. Our results enable the use of available, labelled video data for training HAR models to classify signals from wearable sensors.      
### 19.Context-Preserving Instance-Level Augmentation and Deformable Convolution Networks for SAR Ship Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06513.pdf)
>  Shape deformation of targets in SAR image due to random orientation and partial information loss caused by occlusion of the radar signal, is an essential challenge in SAR ship detection. In this paper, we propose a data augmentation method to train a deep network that is robust to partial information loss within the targets. Taking advantage of ground-truth annotations for bounding box and instance segmentation mask, we present a simple and effective pipeline to simulate information loss on targets in instance-level, while preserving contextual information. Furthermore, we adopt deformable convolutional network to adaptively extract shape-invariant deep features from geometrically translated targets. By learning sampling offset to the grid of standard convolution, the network can robustly extract the features from targets with shape variations for SAR ship detection. Experiments on the HRSID dataset including comparisons with other deep networks and augmentation methods, as well as ablation study, demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 20.GAMMA Challenge:Glaucoma grAding from Multi-Modality imAges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06511.pdf)
>  Color fundus photography and Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) are the two most cost-effective tools for glaucoma screening. Both two modalities of images have prominent biomarkers to indicate glaucoma suspected. Clinically, it is often recommended to take both of the screenings for a more accurate and reliable diagnosis. However, although numerous algorithms are proposed based on fundus images or OCT volumes in computer-aided diagnosis, there are still few methods leveraging both of the modalities for the glaucoma assessment. Inspired by the success of Retinal Fundus Glaucoma Challenge (REFUGE) we held previously, we set up the Glaucoma grAding from Multi-Modality imAges (GAMMA) Challenge to encourage the development of fundus \&amp; OCT-based glaucoma grading. The primary task of the challenge is to grade glaucoma from both the 2D fundus images and 3D OCT scanning volumes. As part of GAMMA, we have publicly released a glaucoma annotated dataset with both 2D fundus color photography and 3D OCT volumes, which is the first multi-modality dataset for glaucoma grading. In addition, an evaluation framework is also established to evaluate the performance of the submitted methods. During the challenge, 1272 results were submitted, and finally, top-10 teams were selected to the final stage. We analysis their results and summarize their methods in the paper. Since all these teams submitted their source code in the challenge, a detailed ablation study is also conducted to verify the effectiveness of the particular modules proposed. We find many of the proposed techniques are practical for the clinical diagnosis of glaucoma. As the first in-depth study of fundus \&amp; OCT multi-modality glaucoma grading, we believe the GAMMA Challenge will be an essential starting point for future research.      
### 21.Mixing and Shifting: Exploiting Global and Local Dependencies in Vision MLPs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06510.pdf)
>  Token-mixing multi-layer perceptron (MLP) models have shown competitive performance in computer vision tasks with a simple architecture and relatively small computational cost. Their success in maintaining computation efficiency is mainly attributed to avoiding the use of self-attention that is often computationally heavy, yet this is at the expense of not being able to mix tokens both globally and locally. In this paper, to exploit both global and local dependencies without self-attention, we present Mix-Shift-MLP (MS-MLP) which makes the size of the local receptive field used for mixing increase with respect to the amount of spatial shifting. In addition to conventional mixing and shifting techniques, MS-MLP mixes both neighboring and distant tokens from fine- to coarse-grained levels and then gathers them via a shifting operation. This directly contributes to the interactions between global and local tokens. Being simple to implement, MS-MLP achieves competitive performance in multiple vision benchmarks. For example, an MS-MLP with 85 million parameters achieves 83.8% top-1 classification accuracy on ImageNet-1K. Moreover, by combining MS-MLP with state-of-the-art Vision Transformers such as the Swin Transformer, we show MS-MLP achieves further improvements on three different model scales, e.g., by 0.5% on ImageNet-1K classification with Swin-B. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JegZheng/MS-MLP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Analytic Learning of Convolutional Neural Network For Pattern Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06504.pdf)
>  Training convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with back-propagation (BP) is time-consuming and resource-intensive particularly in view of the need to visit the dataset multiple times. In contrast, analytic learning attempts to obtain the weights in one epoch. However, existing attempts to analytic learning considered only the multilayer perceptron (MLP). In this article, we propose an analytic convolutional neural network learning (ACnnL). Theoretically we show that ACnnL builds a closed-form solution similar to its MLP counterpart, but differs in their regularization constraints. Consequently, we are able to answer to a certain extent why CNNs usually generalize better than MLPs from the implicit regularization point of view. The ACnnL is validated by conducting classification tasks on several benchmark datasets. It is encouraging that the ACnnL trains CNNs in a significantly fast manner with reasonably close prediction accuracies to those using BP. Moreover, our experiments disclose a unique advantage of ACnnL under the small-sample scenario when training data are scarce or expensive.      
### 23.Adaptive graph convolutional networks for weakly supervised anomaly detection in videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06503.pdf)
>  For the weakly supervised anomaly detection task, most existing work is limited to the problem of inadequate video representation due to the inability to model long-time contextual information. We propose a weakly supervised adaptive graph convolutional network (WAGCN) to model the contextual relationships among video segments. And we fully consider the influence of other video segments on the current segment when generating the anomaly probability score for each segment. Firstly, we combine the temporal consistency as well as feature similarity of video segments for composition, which makes full use of the association information among spatial-temporal features of anomalous events in videos. Secondly, we propose a graph learning layer in order to break the limitation of setting topology manually, which adaptively extracts sparse graph adjacency matrix based on data. Extensive experiments on two public datasets (i.e., UCF-Crime dataset and ShanghaiTech dataset) demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 24.Task-Adaptive Feature Transformer with Semantic Enrichment for Few-Shot Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06498.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning allows machines to classify novel classes using only a few labeled samples. Recently, few-shot segmentation aiming at semantic segmentation on low sample data has also seen great interest. In this paper, we propose a learnable module that can be placed on top of existing segmentation networks for performing few-shot segmentation. This module, called the task-adaptive feature transformer (TAFT), linearly transforms task-specific high-level features to a set of task agnostic features well-suited to conducting few-shot segmentation. The task-conditioned feature transformation allows an effective utilization of the semantic information in novel classes to generate tight segmentation masks. We also propose a semantic enrichment (SE) module that utilizes a pixel-wise attention module for high-level feature and an auxiliary loss from an auxiliary segmentation network conducting the semantic segmentation for all training classes. Experiments on PASCAL-$5^i$ and COCO-$20^i$ datasets confirm that the added modules successfully extend the capability of existing segmentators to yield highly competitive few-shot segmentation performances.      
### 25.ADeADA: Adaptive Density-aware Active Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06484.pdf)
>  In the field of domain adaptation, a trade-off exists between the model performance and the number of target domain annotations. Active learning, maximizing model performance with few informative labeled data, comes in handy for such a scenario. In this work, we present ADeADA, a general active domain adaptation framework for semantic segmentation. To adapt the model to the target domain with minimum queried labels, we propose acquiring labels of the samples with high probability density in the target domain yet with low probability density in the source domain, complementary to the existing source domain labeled data. To further facilitate the label efficiency, we design an adaptive budget allocation policy, which dynamically balances the labeling budgets among different categories as well as between density-aware and uncertainty-based methods. Extensive experiments show that our method outperforms existing active learning and domain adaptation baselines on two benchmarks, GTA5 -&gt; Cityscapes and SYNTHIA -&gt; Cityscapes. With less than 5% target domain annotations, our method reaches comparable results with that of full supervision.      
### 26.Tightly Coupled Learning Strategy for Weakly Supervised Hierarchical Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06470.pdf)
>  Visual place recognition (VPR) is a key issue for robotics and autonomous systems. For the trade-off between time and performance, most of methods use the coarse-to-fine hierarchical architecture, which consists of retrieving top-N candidates using global features, and re-ranking top-N with local features. However, since the two types of features are usually processed independently, re-ranking may harm global retrieval, termed re-ranking confusion. Moreover, re-ranking is limited by global retrieval. In this paper, we propose a tightly coupled learning (TCL) strategy to train triplet models. Different from original triplet learning (OTL) strategy, it combines global and local descriptors for joint optimization. In addition, a bidirectional search dynamic time warping (BS-DTW) algorithm is also proposed to mine locally spatial information tailored to VPR in re-ranking. The experimental results on public benchmarks show that the models using TCL outperform the models using OTL, and TCL can be used as a general strategy to improve performance for weakly supervised ranking tasks. Further, our lightweight unified model is better than several state-of-the-art methods and has over an order of magnitude of computational efficiency to meet the real-time requirements of robots.      
### 27.Learn by Challenging Yourself: Contrastive Visual Representation Learning with Hard Sample Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06464.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning (CL), a self-supervised learning approach, can effectively learn visual representations from unlabeled data. However, CL requires learning on vast quantities of diverse data to achieve good performance, without which the performance of CL will greatly degrade. To tackle this problem, we propose a framework with two approaches to improve the data efficiency of CL training by generating beneficial samples and joint learning. The first approach generates hard samples for the main model. The generator is jointly learned with the main model to dynamically customize hard samples based on the training state of the main model. With the progressively growing knowledge of the main model, the generated samples also become harder to constantly encourage the main model to learn better representations. Besides, a pair of data generators are proposed to generate similar but distinct samples as positive pairs. In joint learning, the hardness of a positive pair is progressively increased by decreasing their similarity. In this way, the main model learns to cluster hard positives by pulling the representations of similar yet distinct samples together, by which the representations of similar samples are well-clustered and better representations can be learned. Comprehensive experiments show superior accuracy and data efficiency of the proposed methods over the state-of-the-art on multiple datasets. For example, about 5% accuracy improvement on ImageNet-100 and CIFAR-10, and more than 6% accuracy improvement on CIFAR-100 are achieved for linear classification. Besides, up to 2x data efficiency for linear classification and up to 5x data efficiency for transfer learning are achieved.      
### 28.Hierarchical Point Cloud Encoding and Decoding with Lightweight Self-Attention based Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06407.pdf)
>  In this paper we present SA-CNN, a hierarchical and lightweight self-attention based encoding and decoding architecture for representation learning of point cloud data. The proposed SA-CNN introduces convolution and transposed convolution stacks to capture and generate contextual information among unordered 3D points. Following conventional hierarchical pipeline, the encoding process extracts feature in local-to-global manner, while the decoding process generates feature and point cloud in coarse-to-fine, multi-resolution stages. We demonstrate that SA-CNN is capable of a wide range of applications, namely classification, part segmentation, reconstruction, shape retrieval, and unsupervised classification. While achieving the state-of-the-art or comparable performance in the benchmarks, SA-CNN maintains its model complexity several order of magnitude lower than the others. In term of qualitative results, we visualize the multi-stage point cloud reconstructions and latent walks on rigid objects as well as deformable non-rigid human and robot models.      
### 29.Visual Sound Localization in the Wild by Cross-Modal Interference Erasing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06406.pdf)
>  The task of audio-visual sound source localization has been well studied under constrained scenes, where the audio recordings are clean. However, in real-world scenarios, audios are usually contaminated by off-screen sound and background noise. They will interfere with the procedure of identifying desired sources and building visual-sound connections, making previous studies non-applicable. In this work, we propose the Interference Eraser (IEr) framework, which tackles the problem of audio-visual sound source localization in the wild. The key idea is to eliminate the interference by redefining and carving discriminative audio representations. Specifically, we observe that the previous practice of learning only a single audio representation is insufficient due to the additive nature of audio signals. We thus extend the audio representation with our Audio-Instance-Identifier module, which clearly distinguishes sounding instances when audio signals of different volumes are unevenly mixed. Then we erase the influence of the audible but off-screen sounds and the silent but visible objects by a Cross-modal Referrer module with cross-modality distillation. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations demonstrate that our proposed framework achieves superior results on sound localization tasks, especially under real-world scenarios. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/alvinliu0/Visual-Sound-Localization-in-the-Wild" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Scheduling Techniques for Liver Segmentation: ReduceLRonPlateau Vs OneCycleLR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06373.pdf)
>  Machine learning and computer vision techniques have influenced many fields including the biomedical one. The aim of this paper is to investigate the important concept of schedulers in manipulating the learning rate (LR), for the liver segmentation task, throughout the training process, focusing on the newly devised OneCycleLR against the ReduceLRonPlateau. A dataset, published in 2018 and produced by the Medical Segmentation Decathlon Challenge organizers, called Task 8 Hepatic Vessel (MSDC-T8) has been used for testing and validation. The reported results that have the same number of maximum epochs (75), and are the average of 5-fold cross-validation, indicate that ReduceLRonPlateau converges faster while maintaining a similar or even better loss score on the validation set when compared to OneCycleLR. The epoch at which the peak LR occurs perhaps should be made early for the OneCycleLR such that the super-convergence feature can be observed. Moreover, the overall results outperform the state-of-the-art results from the researchers who published the liver masks for this dataset. To conclude, both schedulers are suitable for medical segmentation challenges, especially the MSDC-T8 dataset, and can be used confidently in rapidly converging the validation loss with a minimal number of epochs.      
### 31.Omnifont Persian OCR System Using Primitives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06371.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a model-based omnifont Persian OCR system. The system uses a set of 8 primitive elements as structural features for recognition. First, the scanned document is preprocessed. After normalizing the preprocessed image, text rows and sub-words are separated and then thinned. After recognition of dots in sub-words, strokes are extracted and primitive elements of each sub-word are recognized using the strokes. Finally, the primitives are compared with a predefined set of character identification vectors in order to identify sub-word characters. The separation and recognition steps of the system are concurrent, eliminating unavoidable errors of independent separation of letters. The system has been tested on documents with 14 standard Persian fonts in 6 sizes. The achieved precision is 97.06%.      
### 32.Diverse facial inpainting guided by exemplars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06358.pdf)
>  Facial image inpainting is a task of filling visually realistic and semantically meaningful contents for missing or masked pixels in a face image. Although existing methods have made significant progress in achieving high visual quality, the controllable diversity of facial image inpainting remains an open problem in this field. This paper introduces EXE-GAN, a novel diverse and interactive facial inpainting framework, which can not only preserve the high-quality visual effect of the whole image but also complete the face image with exemplar-like facial attributes. The proposed facial inpainting is achieved based on generative adversarial networks by leveraging the global style of input image, the stochastic style, and the exemplar style of exemplar image. A novel attribute similarity metric is introduced to encourage networks to learn the style of facial attributes from the exemplar in a self-supervised way. To guarantee the natural transition across the boundary of inpainted regions, a novel spatial variant gradient backpropagation technique is designed to adjust the loss gradients based on the spatial location. A variety of experimental results and comparisons on public CelebA-HQ and FFHQ datasets are presented to demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method in terms of both the quality and diversity in facial inpainting.      
### 33.Adversarial Fine-tuning for Backdoor Defense: Connect Adversarial Examples to Triggered Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06312.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) are known to be vulnerable to backdoor attacks, i.e., a backdoor trigger planted at training time, the infected DNN model would misclassify any testing sample embedded with the trigger as target label. Due to the stealthiness of backdoor attacks, it is hard either to detect or erase the backdoor from infected models. In this paper, we propose a new Adversarial Fine-Tuning (AFT) approach to erase backdoor triggers by leveraging adversarial examples of the infected model. For an infected model, we observe that its adversarial examples have similar behaviors as its triggered samples. Based on such observation, we design the AFT to break the foundation of the backdoor attack (i.e., the strong correlation between a trigger and a target label). We empirically show that, against 5 state-of-the-art backdoor attacks, AFT can effectively erase the backdoor triggers without obvious performance degradation on clean samples, which significantly outperforms existing defense methods.      
### 34.Deep Graph Learning for Spatially-Varying Indoor Lighting Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06300.pdf)
>  Lighting prediction from a single image is becoming increasingly important in many vision and augmented reality (AR) applications in which shading and shadow consistency between virtual and real objects should be guaranteed. However, this is a notoriously ill-posed problem, especially for indoor scenarios, because of the complexity of indoor luminaires and the limited information involved in 2D images. In this paper, we propose a graph learning-based framework for indoor lighting estimation. At its core is a new lighting model (dubbed DSGLight) based on depth-augmented Spherical Gaussians (SG) and a Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) that infers the new lighting representation from a single LDR image of limited field-of-view. Our lighting model builds 128 evenly distributed SGs over the indoor panorama, where each SG encoding the lighting and the depth around that node. The proposed GCN then learns the mapping from the input image to DSGLight. Compared with existing lighting models, our DSGLight encodes both direct lighting and indirect environmental lighting more faithfully and compactly. It also makes network training and inference more stable. The estimated depth distribution enables temporally stable shading and shadows under spatially-varying lighting. Through thorough experiments, we show that our method obviously outperforms existing methods both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 35.Zero-Reference Image Restoration for Under-Display Camera of UAV  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06283.pdf)
>  The exposed cameras of UAV can shake, shift, or even malfunction under the influence of harsh weather, while the add-on devices (Dupont lines) are very vulnerable to damage. <br>We can place a low-cost T-OLED overlay around the camera to protect it, but this would also introduce image degradation issues. <br>In particular, the temperature variations in the atmosphere can create mist that adsorbs to the T-OLED, which can cause secondary disasters (i.e., more severe image degradation) during the UAV's filming process. <br>To solve the image degradation problem caused by overlaying T-OLEDs, in this paper we propose a new method to enhance the visual experience by enhancing the texture and color of images. <br>Specifically, our method trains a lightweight network to estimate a low-rank affine grid on the input image, and then utilizes the grid to enhance the input image at block granularity. <br>The advantages of our method are that no reference image is required and the loss function is developed from visual experience. <br>In addition, our model can perform high-quality recovery of images of arbitrary resolution in real time. <br>In the end, the limitations of our model and the collected datasets (including the daytime and nighttime scenes) are discussed.      
### 36.Natural Image Stitching Using Depth Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06276.pdf)
>  Natural image stitching (NIS) aims to create one natural-looking mosaic from two overlapping images that capture a same 3D scene from different viewing positions. Challenges inevitably arise when the scene is non-planar and the camera baseline is wide, since parallax becomes not negligible in such cases. In this paper, we propose a novel NIS method using depth maps, which generates natural-looking mosaics against parallax in both overlapping and non-overlapping regions. Firstly, we estimate a pixel-to-pixel transformation based on feature matches and their depth values. Then, we draw a triangulation of the target image and estimate multiple local homographies, one per triangle, based on the locations of their vertices and the rectified depth values. Finally, the warping image is composited by the backward mapping of piece-wise homographies. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method not only provides accurate alignment in the overlapping regions, but also virtual naturalness in the non-overlapping region.      
### 37.BViT: Broad Attention based Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06268.pdf)
>  Recent works have demonstrated that transformer can achieve promising performance in computer vision, by exploiting the relationship among image patches with self-attention. While they only consider the attention in a single feature layer, but ignore the complementarity of attention in different levels. In this paper, we propose the broad attention to improve the performance by incorporating the attention relationship of different layers for vision transformer, which is called BViT. The broad attention is implemented by broad connection and parameter-free attention. Broad connection of each transformer layer promotes the transmission and integration of information for BViT. Without introducing additional trainable parameters, parameter-free attention jointly focuses on the already available attention information in different layers for extracting useful information and building their relationship. Experiments on image classification tasks demonstrate that BViT delivers state-of-the-art accuracy of 74.8\%/81.6\% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet with 5M/22M parameters. Moreover, we transfer BViT to downstream object recognition benchmarks to achieve 98.9\% and 89.9\% on CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 respectively that exceed ViT with fewer parameters. For the generalization test, the broad attention in Swin Transformer and T2T-ViT also bring an improvement of more than 1\%. To sum up, broad attention is promising to promote the performance of attention based models. Code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DRL-CASIA/Broad_ViT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Improve Deep Image Inpainting by Emphasizing the Complexity of Missing Regions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06266.pdf)
>  Deep image inpainting research mainly focuses on constructing various neural network architectures or imposing novel optimization objectives. However, on the one hand, building a state-of-the-art deep inpainting model is an extremely complex task, and on the other hand, the resulting performance gains are sometimes very limited. We believe that besides the frameworks of inpainting models, lightweight traditional image processing techniques, which are often overlooked, can actually be helpful to these deep models. In this paper, we enhance the deep image inpainting models with the help of classical image complexity metrics. A knowledge-assisted index composed of missingness complexity and forward loss is presented to guide the batch selection in the training procedure. This index helps find samples that are more conducive to optimization in each iteration and ultimately boost the overall inpainting performance. The proposed approach is simple and can be plugged into many deep inpainting models by changing only a few lines of code. We experimentally demonstrate the improvements for several recently developed image inpainting models on various datasets.      
### 39.LighTN: Light-weight Transformer Network for Performance-overhead Tradeoff in Point Cloud Downsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06263.pdf)
>  Compared with traditional task-irrelevant downsampling methods, task-oriented neural networks have shown improved performance in point cloud downsampling range. Recently, Transformer family of networks has shown a more powerful learning capacity in visual tasks. However, Transformer-based architectures potentially consume too many resources which are usually worthless for low overhead task networks in downsampling range. This paper proposes a novel light-weight Transformer network (LighTN) for task-oriented point cloud downsampling, as an end-to-end and plug-and-play solution. In LighTN, a single-head self-correlation module is presented to extract refined global contextual features, where three projection matrices are simultaneously eliminated to save resource overhead, and the output of symmetric matrix satisfies the permutation invariant. Then, we design a novel downsampling loss function to guide LighTN focuses on critical point cloud regions with more uniform distribution and prominent points coverage. Furthermore, We introduce a feed-forward network scaling mechanism to enhance the learnable capacity of LighTN according to the expand-reduce strategy. The result of extensive experiments on classification and registration tasks demonstrates LighTN can achieve state-of-the-art performance with limited resource overhead.      
### 40.RandomSEMO: Normality Learning Of Moving Objects For Video Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06256.pdf)
>  Recent anomaly detection algorithms have shown powerful performance by adopting frame predicting autoencoders. However, these methods face two challenging circumstances. First, they are likely to be trained to be excessively powerful, generating even abnormal frames well, which leads to failure in detecting anomalies. Second, they are distracted by the large number of objects captured in both foreground and background. To solve these problems, we propose a novel superpixel-based video data transformation technique named Random Superpixel Erasing on Moving Objects (RandomSEMO) and Moving Object Loss (MOLoss), built on top of a simple lightweight autoencoder. RandomSEMO is applied to the moving object regions by randomly erasing their superpixels. It enforces the network to pay attention to the foreground objects and learn the normal features more effectively, rather than simply predicting the future frame. Moreover, MOLoss urges the model to focus on learning normal objects captured within RandomSEMO by amplifying the loss on the pixels near the moving objects. The experimental results show that our model outperforms state-of-the-arts on three benchmarks.      
### 41.FairStyle: Debiasing StyleGAN2 with Style Channel Manipulations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06240.pdf)
>  Recent advances in generative adversarial networks have shown that it is possible to generate high-resolution and hyperrealistic images. However, the images produced by GANs are only as fair and representative as the datasets on which they are trained. In this paper, we propose a method for directly modifying a pre-trained StyleGAN2 model that can be used to generate a balanced set of images with respect to one (e.g., eyeglasses) or more attributes (e.g., gender and eyeglasses). Our method takes advantage of the style space of the StyleGAN2 model to perform disentangled control of the target attributes to be debiased. Our method does not require training additional models and directly debiases the GAN model, paving the way for its use in various downstream applications. Our experiments show that our method successfully debiases the GAN model within a few minutes without compromising the quality of the generated images. To promote fair generative models, we share the code and debiased models at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://catlab-team.github.io/fairstyle" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 42.Robust Deepfake On Unrestricted Media: Generation And Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06228.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning have led to substantial improvements in deepfake generation, resulting in fake media with a more realistic appearance. Although deepfake media have potential application in a wide range of areas and are drawing much attention from both the academic and industrial communities, it also leads to serious social and criminal concerns. This chapter explores the evolution of and challenges in deepfake generation and detection. It also discusses possible ways to improve the robustness of deepfake detection for a wide variety of media (e.g., in-the-wild images and videos). Finally, it suggests a focus for future fake media research.      
### 43.Lip movements information disentanglement for lip sync  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06198.pdf)
>  The lip movements information is critical for many audio-visual tasks. However, extracting lip movements information from videos is challenging, as it can be easily perturbed by factors like personal identities and head poses. This paper proposes utilizing the parametric 3D face model to disentangle lip movements information explicitly. Building on top of the recent 3D face reconstruction advances, we firstly offer a method that can consistently disentangle expression information, where the lip movements information lies. Then we demonstrate that once the influences of perturbing factors are alleviated by synthesizing faces with the disentangled lip movements information, the lip-sync task can be done better with much fewer data. Finally, we show its effectiveness in the wild by testing it on an unseen dataset for the active speaker detection task and achieving competitive performance.      
### 44.Source-Free Progressive Graph Learning for Open-Set Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06174.pdf)
>  Open-set domain adaptation (OSDA) has gained considerable attention in many visual recognition tasks. However, most existing OSDA approaches are limited due to three main reasons, including: (1) the lack of essential theoretical analysis of generalization bound, (2) the reliance on the coexistence of source and target data during adaptation, and (3) failing to accurately estimate the uncertainty of model predictions. We propose a Progressive Graph Learning (PGL) framework that decomposes the target hypothesis space into the shared and unknown subspaces, and then progressively pseudo-labels the most confident known samples from the target domain for hypothesis adaptation. Moreover, we tackle a more realistic source-free open-set domain adaptation (SF-OSDA) setting that makes no assumption about the coexistence of source and target domains, and introduce a balanced pseudo-labeling (BP-L) strategy in a two-stage framework, namely SF-PGL. Different from PGL that applies a class-agnostic constant threshold for all target samples for pseudo-labeling, the SF-PGL model uniformly selects the most confident target instances from each category at a fixed ratio. The confidence thresholds in each class are regarded as the 'uncertainty' of learning the semantic information, which are then used to weigh the classification loss in the adaptation step. We conducted unsupervised and semi-supervised OSDA and SF-OSDA experiments on the benchmark image classification and action recognition datasets. Additionally, we find that balanced pseudo-labeling plays a significant role in improving calibration, which makes the trained model less prone to over-confident or under-confident predictions on the target data. Source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Luoyadan/SF-PGL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.A Review of Deep Learning-based Approaches for Deepfake Content Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06095.pdf)
>  The fast-spreading information over the internet is essential to support the rapid supply of numerous public utility services and entertainment to users. Social networks and online media paved the way for modern, timely-communication-fashion and convenient access to all types of information. However, it also provides new chances for ill use of the massive amount of available data, such as spreading fake content to manipulate public opinion. Detection of counterfeit content has raised attention in the last few years for the advances in deepfake generation. The rapid growth of machine learning techniques, particularly deep learning, can predict fake content in several application domains, including fake image and video manipulation. This paper presents a comprehensive review of recent studies for deepfake content detection using deep learning-based approaches. We aim to broaden the state-of-the-art research by systematically reviewing the different categories of fake content detection. Furthermore, we report the advantages and drawbacks of the examined works and future directions towards the issues and shortcomings still unsolved on deepfake detection.      
### 46.NeuVV: Neural Volumetric Videos with Immersive Rendering and Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06088.pdf)
>  Some of the most exciting experiences that Metaverse promises to offer, for instance, live interactions with virtual characters in virtual environments, require real-time photo-realistic rendering. 3D reconstruction approaches to rendering, active or passive, still require extensive cleanup work to fix the meshes or point clouds. In this paper, we present a neural volumography technique called neural volumetric video or NeuVV to support immersive, interactive, and spatial-temporal rendering of volumetric video contents with photo-realism and in real-time. The core of NeuVV is to efficiently encode a dynamic neural radiance field (NeRF) into renderable and editable primitives. We introduce two types of factorization schemes: a hyper-spherical harmonics (HH) decomposition for modeling smooth color variations over space and time and a learnable basis representation for modeling abrupt density and color changes caused by motion. NeuVV factorization can be integrated into a Video Octree (VOctree) analogous to PlenOctree to significantly accelerate training while reducing memory overhead. Real-time NeuVV rendering further enables a class of immersive content editing tools. Specifically, NeuVV treats each VOctree as a primitive and implements volume-based depth ordering and alpha blending to realize spatial-temporal compositions for content re-purposing. For example, we demonstrate positioning varied manifestations of the same performance at different 3D locations with different timing, adjusting color/texture of the performer's clothing, casting spotlight shadows and synthesizing distance falloff lighting, etc, all at an interactive speed. We further develop a hybrid neural-rasterization rendering framework to support consumer-level VR headsets so that the aforementioned volumetric video viewing and editing, for the first time, can be conducted immersively in virtual 3D space.      
### 47.Recognition-free Question Answering on Handwritten Document Collections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06080.pdf)
>  In recent years, considerable progress has been made in the research area of Question Answering (QA) on document images. Current QA approaches from the Document Image Analysis community are mainly focusing on machine-printed documents and perform rather limited on handwriting. This is mainly due to the reduced recognition performance on handwritten documents. To tackle this problem, we propose a recognition-free QA approach, especially designed for handwritten document image collections. We present a robust document retrieval method, as well as two QA models. Our approaches outperform the state-of-the-art recognition-free models on the challenging BenthamQA and HW-SQuAD datasets.      
### 48.Text and Image Guided 3D Avatar Generation and Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06079.pdf)
>  The manipulation of latent space has recently become an interesting topic in the field of generative models. Recent research shows that latent directions can be used to manipulate images towards certain attributes. However, controlling the generation process of 3D generative models remains a challenge. In this work, we propose a novel 3D manipulation method that can manipulate both the shape and texture of the model using text or image-based prompts such as 'a young face' or 'a surprised face'. We leverage the power of Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP) model and a pre-trained 3D GAN model designed to generate face avatars, and create a fully differentiable rendering pipeline to manipulate meshes. More specifically, our method takes an input latent code and modifies it such that the target attribute specified by a text or image prompt is present or enhanced, while leaving other attributes largely unaffected. Our method requires only 5 minutes per manipulation, and we demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach with extensive results and comparisons.      
### 49.Indication as Prior Knowledge for Multimodal Disease Classification in Chest Radiographs with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06076.pdf)
>  When a clinician refers a patient for an imaging exam, they include the reason (e.g. relevant patient history, suspected disease) in the scan request; this appears as the indication field in the radiology report. The interpretation and reporting of the image are substantially influenced by this request text, steering the radiologist to focus on particular aspects of the image. We use the indication field to drive better image classification, by taking a transformer network which is unimodally pre-trained on text (BERT) and fine-tuning it for multimodal classification of a dual image-text input. We evaluate the method on the MIMIC-CXR dataset, and present ablation studies to investigate the effect of the indication field on the classification performance. The experimental results show our approach achieves 87.8 average micro AUROC, outperforming the state-of-the-art methods for unimodal (84.4) and multimodal (86.0) classification. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jacenkow/mmbt" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 50.Depth-Cooperated Trimodal Network for Video Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06060.pdf)
>  Depth can provide useful geographical cues for salient object detection (SOD), and has been proven helpful in recent RGB-D SOD methods. However, existing video salient object detection (VSOD) methods only utilize spatiotemporal information and seldom exploit depth information for detection. In this paper, we propose a depth-cooperated trimodal network, called DCTNet for VSOD, which is a pioneering work to incorporate depth information to assist VSOD. To this end, we first generate depth from RGB frames, and then propose an approach to treat the three modalities unequally. Specifically, a multi-modal attention module (MAM) is designed to model multi-modal long-range dependencies between the main modality (RGB) and the two auxiliary modalities (depth, optical flow). We also introduce a refinement fusion module (RFM) to suppress noises in each modality and select useful information dynamically for further feature refinement. Lastly, a progressive fusion strategy is adopted after the refined features to achieve final cross-modal fusion. Experiments on five benchmark datasets demonstrate the superiority of our depth-cooperated model against 12 state-of-the-art methods, and the necessity of depth is also validated.      
### 51.OctAttention: Octree-based Large-scale Contexts Model for Point Cloud Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06028.pdf)
>  In point cloud compression, sufficient contexts are significant for modeling the point cloud distribution. However, the contexts gathered by the previous voxel-based methods decrease when handling sparse point clouds. To address this problem, we propose a multiple-contexts deep learning framework called OctAttention employing the octree structure, a memory-efficient representation for point clouds. Our approach encodes octree symbol sequences in a lossless way by gathering the information of sibling and ancestor nodes. Expressly, we first represent point clouds with octree to reduce spatial redundancy, which is robust for point clouds with different resolutions. We then design a conditional entropy model with a large receptive field that models the sibling and ancestor contexts to exploit the strong dependency among the neighboring nodes and employ an attention mechanism to emphasize the correlated nodes in the context. Furthermore, we introduce a mask operation during training and testing to make a trade-off between encoding time and performance. Compared to the previous state-of-the-art works, our approach obtains a 10%-35% BD-Rate gain on the LiDAR benchmark (e.g. SemanticKITTI) and object point cloud dataset (e.g. MPEG 8i, MVUB), and saves 95% coding time compared to the voxel-based baseline. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zb12138/OctAttention" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 52.Fun Selfie Filters in Face Recognition: Impact Assessment and Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06022.pdf)
>  This work investigates the impact of fun selfie filters, which are frequently used to modify selfies, on face recognition systems. Based on a qualitative assessment and classification of freely available mobile applications, ten relevant fun selfie filters are selected to create a database. To this end, the selected filters are automatically applied to face images of public face image databases. Different state-of-the-art methods are used to evaluate the influence of fun selfie filters on the performance of face detection using dlib, RetinaFace, and a COTS method, sample quality estimated by FaceQNet and MagFace, and recognition accuracy employing ArcFace and a COTS algorithm. The obtained results indicate that selfie filters negatively affect face recognition modules, especially if fun selfie filters cover a large region of the face, where the mouth, nose, and eyes are covered. To mitigate such unwanted effects, a GAN-based selfie filter removal algorithm is proposed which consists of a segmentation module, a perceptual network, and a generation module. In a cross-database experiment the application of the presented selfie filter removal technique has shown to significantly improve the biometric performance of the underlying face recognition systems.      
### 53.Multi-direction and Multi-scale Pyramid in Transformer for Video-based Pedestrian Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06014.pdf)
>  In video surveillance, pedestrian retrieval (also called person re-identification) is a critical task. This task aims to retrieve the pedestrian of interest from non-overlapping cameras. Recently, transformer-based models have achieved significant progress for this task. However, these models still suffer from ignoring fine-grained, part-informed information. This paper proposes a multi-direction and multi-scale Pyramid in Transformer (PiT) to solve this problem. In transformer-based architecture, each pedestrian image is split into many patches. Then, these patches are fed to transformer layers to obtain the feature representation of this image. To explore the fine-grained information, this paper proposes to apply vertical division and horizontal division on these patches to generate different-direction human parts. These parts provide more fine-grained information. To fuse multi-scale feature representation, this paper presents a pyramid structure containing global-level information and many pieces of local-level information from different scales. The feature pyramids of all the pedestrian images from the same video are fused to form the final multi-direction and multi-scale feature representation. Experimental results on two challenging video-based benchmarks, MARS and iLIDS-VID, show the proposed PiT achieves state-of-the-art performance. Extensive ablation studies demonstrate the superiority of the proposed pyramid structure. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.openi.org.cn/zangxh/PiT.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.RSINet: Inpainting Remotely Sensed Images Using Triple GAN Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.05988.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of image inpainting in the remote sensing domain. Remote sensing images possess high resolution and geographical variations, that render the conventional inpainting methods less effective. This further entails the requirement of models with high complexity to sufficiently capture the spectral, spatial and textural nuances within an image, emerging from its high spatial variability. To this end, we propose a novel inpainting method that individually focuses on each aspect of an image such as edges, colour and texture using a task specific GAN. Moreover, each individual GAN also incorporates the attention mechanism that explicitly extracts the spectral and spatial features. To ensure consistent gradient flow, the model uses residual learning paradigm, thus simultaneously working with high and low level features. We evaluate our model, alongwith previous state of the art models, on the two well known remote sensing datasets, Open Cities AI and Earth on Canvas, and achieve competitive performance.      
### 55.Low-light Image Enhancement by Retinex Based Algorithm Unrolling and Adjustment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.05972.pdf)
>  Motivated by their recent advances, deep learning techniques have been widely applied to low-light image enhancement (LIE) problem. Among which, Retinex theory based ones, mostly following a decomposition-adjustment pipeline, have taken an important place due to its physical interpretation and promising performance. However, current investigations on Retinex based deep learning are still not sufficient, ignoring many useful experiences from traditional methods. Besides, the adjustment step is either performed with simple image processing techniques, or by complicated networks, both of which are unsatisfactory in practice. To address these issues, we propose a new deep learning framework for the LIE problem. The proposed framework contains a decomposition network inspired by algorithm unrolling, and adjustment networks considering both global brightness and local brightness sensitivity. By virtue of algorithm unrolling, both implicit priors learned from data and explicit priors borrowed from traditional methods can be embedded in the network, facilitate to better decomposition. Meanwhile, the consideration of global and local brightness can guide designing simple yet effective network modules for adjustment. Besides, to avoid manually parameter tuning, we also propose a self-supervised fine-tuning strategy, which can always guarantee a promising performance. Experiments on a series of typical LIE datasets demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed method, both quantitatively and visually, as compared with existing methods.      
### 56.Audio-Visual Fusion Layers for Event Type Aware Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.05961.pdf)
>  Human brain is continuously inundated with the multisensory information and their complex interactions coming from the outside world at any given moment. Such information is automatically analyzed by binding or segregating in our brain. While this task might seem effortless for human brains, it is extremely challenging to build a machine that can perform similar tasks since complex interactions cannot be dealt with single type of integration but requires more sophisticated approaches. In this paper, we propose a new model to address the multisensory integration problem with individual event-specific layers in a multi-task learning scheme. Unlike previous works where single type of fusion is used, we design event-specific layers to deal with different audio-visual relationship tasks, enabling different ways of audio-visual formation. Experimental results show that our event-specific layers can discover unique properties of the audio-visual relationships in the videos. Moreover, although our network is formulated with single labels, it can output additional true multi-labels to represent the given videos. We demonstrate that our proposed framework also exposes the modality bias of the video data category-wise and dataset-wise manner in popular benchmark datasets.      
### 57.Open-set Adversarial Defense with Clean-Adversarial Mutual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.05953.pdf)
>  Open-set recognition and adversarial defense study two key aspects of deep learning that are vital for real-world deployment. The objective of open-set recognition is to identify samples from open-set classes during testing, while adversarial defense aims to robustify the network against images perturbed by imperceptible adversarial noise. This paper demonstrates that open-set recognition systems are vulnerable to adversarial samples. Furthermore, this paper shows that adversarial defense mechanisms trained on known classes are unable to generalize well to open-set samples. Motivated by these observations, we emphasize the necessity of an Open-Set Adversarial Defense (OSAD) mechanism. This paper proposes an Open-Set Defense Network with Clean-Adversarial Mutual Learning (OSDN-CAML) as a solution to the OSAD problem. The proposed network designs an encoder with dual-attentive feature-denoising layers coupled with a classifier to learn a noise-free latent feature representation, which adaptively removes adversarial noise guided by channel and spatial-wise attentive filters. Several techniques are exploited to learn a noise-free and informative latent feature space with the aim of improving the performance of adversarial defense and open-set recognition. First, we incorporate a decoder to ensure that clean images can be well reconstructed from the obtained latent features. Then, self-supervision is used to ensure that the latent features are informative enough to carry out an auxiliary task. Finally, to exploit more complementary knowledge from clean image classification to facilitate feature denoising and search for a more generalized local minimum for open-set recognition, we further propose clean-adversarial mutual learning, where a peer network (classifying clean images) is further introduced to mutually learn with the classifier (classifying adversarial images).      
### 58.Domain-Invariant Proposals based on a Balanced Domain Classifier for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.05941.pdf)
>  Object recognition from images means to automatically find object(s) of interest and to return their category and location information. Benefiting from research on deep learning, like convolutional neural networks~(CNNs) and generative adversarial networks, the performance in this field has been improved significantly, especially when training and test data are drawn from similar distributions. However, mismatching distributions, i.e., domain shifts, lead to a significant performance drop. In this paper, we build domain-invariant detectors by learning domain classifiers via adversarial training. Based on the previous works that align image and instance level features, we mitigate the domain shift further by introducing a domain adaptation component at the region level within Faster \mbox{R-CNN}. We embed a domain classification network in the region proposal network~(RPN) using adversarial learning. The RPN can now generate accurate region proposals in different domains by effectively aligning the features between them. To mitigate the unstable convergence during the adversarial learning, we introduce a balanced domain classifier as well as a network learning rate adjustment strategy. We conduct comprehensive experiments using four standard datasets. The results demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of our object detection approach in domain shift scenarios.      
### 59.Detecting out-of-context objects using contextual cues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.05930.pdf)
>  This paper presents an approach to detect out-of-context (OOC) objects in an image. Given an image with a set of objects, our goal is to determine if an object is inconsistent with the scene context and detect the OOC object with a bounding box. In this work, we consider commonly explored contextual relations such as co-occurrence relations, the relative size of an object with respect to other objects, and the position of the object in the scene. We posit that contextual cues are useful to determine object labels for in-context objects and inconsistent context cues are detrimental to determining object labels for out-of-context objects. To realize this hypothesis, we propose a graph contextual reasoning network (GCRN) to detect OOC objects. GCRN consists of two separate graphs to predict object labels based on the contextual cues in the image: 1) a representation graph to learn object features based on the neighboring objects and 2) a context graph to explicitly capture contextual cues from the neighboring objects. GCRN explicitly captures the contextual cues to improve the detection of in-context objects and identify objects that violate contextual relations. In order to evaluate our approach, we create a large-scale dataset by adding OOC object instances to the COCO images. We also evaluate on recent OCD benchmark. Our results show that GCRN outperforms competitive baselines in detecting OOC objects and correctly detecting in-context objects.      
### 60.Deep Signatures -- Learning Invariants of Planar Curves  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.05922.pdf)
>  We propose a learning paradigm for numerical approximation of differential invariants of planar curves. Deep neural-networks' (DNNs) universal approximation properties are utilized to estimate geometric measures. The proposed framework is shown to be a preferable alternative to axiomatic constructions. Specifically, we show that DNNs can learn to overcome instabilities and sampling artifacts and produce numerically-stable signatures for curves subject to a given group of transformations in the plane. We compare the proposed schemes to alternative state-of-the-art axiomatic constructions of group invariant arc-lengths and curvatures.      
### 61.Multi-level Latent Space Structuring for Generative Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.05910.pdf)
>  Truncation is widely used in generative models for improving the quality of the generated samples, at the expense of reducing their diversity. We propose to leverage the StyleGAN generative architecture to devise a new truncation technique, based on a decomposition of the latent space into clusters, enabling customized truncation to be performed at multiple semantic levels. We do so by learning to re-generate W-space, the extended intermediate latent space of StyleGAN, using a learnable mixture of Gaussians, while simultaneously training a classifier to identify, for each latent vector, the cluster that it belongs to. The resulting truncation scheme is more faithful to the original untruncated samples and allows a better trade-off between quality and diversity. We compare our method to other truncation approaches for StyleGAN, both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 62.Motion Correction and Volumetric Reconstruction for Fetal Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.05863.pdf)
>  Motion correction is an essential preprocessing step in functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) of the fetal brain with the aim to remove artifacts caused by fetal movement and maternal breathing and consequently to suppress erroneous signal correlations. Current motion correction approaches for fetal fMRI choose a single 3D volume from a specific acquisition timepoint with least motion artefacts as reference volume, and perform interpolation for the reconstruction of the motion corrected time series. The results can suffer, if no low-motion frame is available, and if reconstruction does not exploit any assumptions about the continuity of the fMRI signal. Here, we propose a novel framework, which estimates a high-resolution reference volume by using outlier-robust motion correction, and by utilizing Huber L2 regularization for intra-stack volumetric reconstruction of the motion-corrected fetal brain fMRI. We performed an extensive parameter study to investigate the effectiveness of motion estimation and present in this work benchmark metrics to quantify the effect of motion correction and regularised volumetric reconstruction approaches on functional connectivity computations. We demonstrate the proposed framework's ability to improve functional connectivity estimates, reproducibility and signal interpretability, which is clinically highly desirable for the establishment of prognostic noninvasive imaging biomarkers. The motion correction and volumetric reconstruction framework is made available as an open-source package of NiftyMIC.      
### 63.Do Gradient Inversion Attacks Make Federated Learning Unsafe?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06924.pdf)
>  Federated learning (FL) allows the collaborative training of AI models without needing to share raw data. This capability makes it especially interesting for healthcare applications where patient and data privacy is of utmost concern. However, recent works on the inversion of deep neural networks from model gradients raised concerns about the security of FL in preventing the leakage of training data. In this work, we show that these attacks presented in the literature are impractical in real FL use-cases and provide a new baseline attack that works for more realistic scenarios where the clients' training involves updating the Batch Normalization (BN) statistics. Furthermore, we present new ways to measure and visualize potential data leakage in FL. Our work is a step towards establishing reproducible methods of measuring data leakage in FL and could help determine the optimal tradeoffs between privacy-preserving techniques, such as differential privacy, and model accuracy based on quantifiable metrics.      
### 64.A Generic Self-Supervised Framework of Learning Invariant Discriminative Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06914.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning (SSL) has become a popular method for generating invariant representations without the need for human annotations. Nonetheless, the desired invariant representation is achieved by utilising prior online transformation functions on the input data. As a result, each SSL framework is customised for a particular data type, e.g., visual data, and further modifications are required if it is used for other dataset types. On the other hand, autoencoder (AE), which is a generic and widely applicable framework, mainly focuses on dimension reduction and is not suited for learning invariant representation. This paper proposes a generic SSL framework based on a constrained self-labelling assignment process that prevents degenerate solutions. Specifically, the prior transformation functions are replaced with a self-transformation mechanism, derived through an unsupervised training process of adversarial training, for imposing invariant representations. Via the self-transformation mechanism, pairs of augmented instances can be generated from the same input data. Finally, a training objective based on contrastive learning is designed by leveraging both the self-labelling assignment and the self-transformation mechanism. Despite the fact that the self-transformation process is very generic, the proposed training strategy outperforms a majority of state-of-the-art representation learning methods based on AE structures. To validate the performance of our method, we conduct experiments on four types of data, namely visual, audio, text, and mass spectrometry data, and compare them in terms of four quantitative metrics. Our comparison results indicate that the proposed method demonstrate robustness and successfully identify patterns within the datasets.      
### 65.A Graphical Approach For Brain Haemorrhage Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06876.pdf)
>  Haemorrhaging of the brain is the leading cause of death in people between the ages of 15 and 24 and the third leading cause of death in people older than that. Computed tomography (CT) is an imaging modality used to diagnose neurological emergencies, including stroke and traumatic brain injury. Recent advances in Deep Learning and Image Processing have utilised different modalities like CT scans to help automate the detection and segmentation of brain haemorrhage occurrences. In this paper, we propose a novel implementation of an architecture consisting of traditional Convolutional Neural Networks(CNN) along with Graph Neural Networks(GNN) to produce a holistic model for the task of brain haemorrhage segmentation.GNNs work on the principle of neighbourhood aggregation thus providing a reliable estimate of global structures present in images. GNNs work with few layers thus in turn requiring fewer parameters to work with. We were able to achieve a dice coefficient score of around 0.81 with limited data with our implementation.      
### 66.Spiking Cochlea with System-level Local Automatic Gain Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06707.pdf)
>  Including local automatic gain control (AGC) circuitry into a silicon cochlea design has been challenging because of transistor mismatch and model complexity. To address this, we present an alternative system-level algorithm that implements channel-specific AGC in a silicon spiking cochlea by measuring the output spike activity of individual channels. The bandpass filter gain of a channel is adapted dynamically to the input amplitude so that the average output spike rate stays within a defined range. Because this AGC mechanism only needs counting and adding operations, it can be implemented at low hardware cost in a future design. We evaluate the impact of the local AGC algorithm on a classification task where the input signal varies over 32 dB input range. Two classifier types receiving cochlea spike features were tested on a speech versus noise classification task. The logistic regression classifier achieves an average of 6% improvement and 40.8% relative improvement in accuracy when the AGC is enabled. The deep neural network classifier shows a similar improvement for the AGC case and achieves a higher mean accuracy of 96% compared to the best accuracy of 91% from the logistic regression classifier.      
### 67.Can Machines Help Us Answering Question 16 in Datasheets, and In Turn Reflecting on Inappropriate Content?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06675.pdf)
>  Large datasets underlying much of current machine learning raise serious issues concerning inappropriate content such as offensive, insulting, threatening, or might otherwise cause anxiety. This calls for increased dataset documentation, e.g., using datasheets. They, among other topics, encourage to reflect on the composition of the datasets. So far, this documentation, however, is done manually and therefore can be tedious and error-prone, especially for large image datasets. Here we ask the arguably "circular" question of whether a machine can help us reflect on inappropriate content, answering Question 16 in Datasheets. To this end, we propose to use the information stored in pre-trained transformer models to assist us in the documentation process. Specifically, prompt-tuning based on a dataset of socio-moral values steers CLIP to identify potentially inappropriate content, therefore reducing human labor. We then document the inappropriate images found using word clouds, based on captions generated using a vision-language model. The documentations of two popular, large-scale computer vision datasets -- ImageNet and OpenImages -- produced this way suggest that machines can indeed help dataset creators to answer Question 16 on inappropriate image content.      
### 68.MuZero with Self-competition for Rate Control in VP9 Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06626.pdf)
>  Video streaming usage has seen a significant rise as entertainment, education, and business increasingly rely on online video. Optimizing video compression has the potential to increase access and quality of content to users, and reduce energy use and costs overall. In this paper, we present an application of the MuZero algorithm to the challenge of video compression. Specifically, we target the problem of learning a rate control policy to select the quantization parameters (QP) in the encoding process of libvpx, an open source VP9 video compression library widely used by popular video-on-demand (VOD) services. We treat this as a sequential decision making problem to maximize the video quality with an episodic constraint imposed by the target bitrate. Notably, we introduce a novel self-competition based reward mechanism to solve constrained RL with variable constraint satisfaction difficulty, which is challenging for existing constrained RL methods. We demonstrate that the MuZero-based rate control achieves an average 6.28% reduction in size of the compressed videos for the same delivered video quality level (measured as PSNR BD-rate) compared to libvpx's two-pass VBR rate control policy, while having better constraint satisfaction behavior.      
### 69.Multi-Atlas Segmentation and Spatial Alignment of the Human Embryo in First Trimester 3D Ultrasound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06599.pdf)
>  Segmentation and spatial alignment of ultrasound (US) imaging data acquired in the in first trimester are crucial for monitoring human embryonic growth and development throughout this crucial period of life. Current approaches are either manual or semi-automatic and are therefore very time-consuming and prone to errors. To automate these tasks, we propose a multi-atlas framework for automatic segmentation and spatial alignment of the embryo using deep learning with minimal supervision. Our framework learns to register the embryo to an atlas, which consists of the US images acquired at a range of gestational age (GA), segmented and spatially aligned to a predefined standard orientation. From this, we can derive the segmentation of the embryo and put the embryo in standard orientation. US images acquired at 8+0 till 12+6 weeks GA were used and eight pregnancies were selected as atlas images. We evaluated different fusion strategies to incorporate multiple atlases: 1) training the framework using atlas images from a single pregnancy, 2) training the framework with data of all available atlases and 3) ensembling of the frameworks trained per pregnancy. To evaluate the performance, we calculated the Dice score over the test set. We found that training the framework using all available atlases outperformed ensembling and gave similar results compared to the best of all frameworks trained on a single subject. Furthermore, we found that selecting images from the four atlases closest in GA out of all available atlases, regardless of the individual quality, gave the best results with a median Dice score of 0.72. We conclude that our framework can accurately segment and spatially align the embryo in first trimester 3D US images and is robust for the variation in quality that existed in the available atlases. Our code is publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wapbastiaansen/multi-atlas-seg-reg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 70.A Pragmatic Machine Learning Approach to Quantify Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes in Whole Slide Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06590.pdf)
>  Increased levels of tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs) in cancer tissue indicate favourable outcomes in many types of cancer. Manual quantification of immune cells is inaccurate and time consuming for pathologists. Our aim is to leverage a computational solution to automatically quantify TILs in whole slide images (WSIs) of standard diagnostic haematoxylin and eosin stained sections (H&amp;E slides) from lung cancer patients. Our approach is to transfer an open source machine learning method for segmentation and classification of nuclei in H&amp;E slides trained on public data to TIL quantification without manual labeling of our data. Our results show that additional augmentation improves model transferability when training on few samples/limited tissue types. Models trained with sufficient samples/tissue types do not benefit from our additional augmentation policy. Further, the resulting TIL quantification correlates to patient prognosis and compares favorably to the current state-of-the-art method for immune cell detection in non-small lung cancer (current standard CD8 cells in DAB stained TMAs HR 0.34 95% CI 0.17-0.68 vs TILs in HE WSIs: HoVer-Net PanNuke Aug Model HR 0.30 95% CI 0.15-0.60, HoVer-Net MoNuSAC Aug model HR 0.27 95% CI 0.14-0.53). Moreover, we implemented a cloud based system to train, deploy and visually inspect machine learning based annotation for H&amp;E slides. Our pragmatic approach bridges the gap between machine learning research, translational clinical research and clinical implementation. However, validation in prospective studies is needed to assert that the method works in a clinical setting.      
### 71.I-Tuning: Tuning Language Models with Image for Caption Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06574.pdf)
>  Recently, tuning the pre-trained language model (PLM) in a parameter-efficient manner becomes a popular topic in the natural language processing area. However, most of them focus on tuning the PLM with the text-only information. In this work, we propose a new perspective to tune the frozen PLM with images for caption generation. We denote our method as I-Tuning, which can automatically filter the vision information from images to adjust the output hidden states of PLM. Evaluating on the image captioning tasks (MSCOCO and Flickr30k Captioning), our method achieves comparable or even better performance than the previous models which have 2-4 times more trainable parameters and/or consume a large amount of cross-modal pre-training data.      
### 72.MetaShift: A Dataset of Datasets for Evaluating Contextual Distribution Shifts and Training Conflicts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06523.pdf)
>  Understanding the performance of machine learning models across diverse data distributions is critically important for reliable applications. Motivated by this, there is a growing focus on curating benchmark datasets that capture distribution shifts. While valuable, the existing benchmarks are limited in that many of them only contain a small number of shifts and they lack systematic annotation about what is different across different shifts. We present MetaShift--a collection of 12,868 sets of natural images across 410 classes--to address this challenge. We leverage the natural heterogeneity of Visual Genome and its annotations to construct MetaShift. The key construction idea is to cluster images using its metadata, which provides context for each image (e.g. "cats with cars" or "cats in bathroom") that represent distinct data distributions. MetaShift has two important benefits: first, it contains orders of magnitude more natural data shifts than previously available. Second, it provides explicit explanations of what is unique about each of its data sets and a distance score that measures the amount of distribution shift between any two of its data sets. We demonstrate the utility of MetaShift in benchmarking several recent proposals for training models to be robust to data shifts. We find that the simple empirical risk minimization performs the best when shifts are moderate and no method had a systematic advantage for large shifts. We also show how MetaShift can help to visualize conflicts between data subsets during model training.      
### 73.Opinions Vary? Diagnosis First!  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06505.pdf)
>  In medical image segmentation, images are usually annotated by several different clinical experts. This clinical routine helps to mitigate the personal bias. However, Computer Vision models often assume there has a unique ground-truth for each of the instance. This research gap between Computer Vision and medical routine is commonly existed but less explored by the current <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://research.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, we try to answer the following two questions: 1. How to learn an optimal combination of the multiple segmentation labels? and 2. How to estimate this segmentation mask from the raw image? We note that in clinical practice, the image segmentation mask usually exists as an auxiliary information for disease diagnosis. Adhering to this mindset, we propose a framework taking the diagnosis result as the gold standard, to estimate the segmentation mask upon the multi-rater segmentation labels, named DiFF (Diagnosis First segmentation Framework).DiFF is implemented by two novelty techniques. First, DFSim (Diagnosis First Simulation of gold label) is learned as an optimal combination of multi-rater segmentation labels for the disease diagnosis. Then, toward estimating DFSim mask from the raw image, we further propose T\&amp;G Module (Take and Give Module) to instill the diagnosis knowledge into the segmentation network. The experiments show that compared with commonly used majority vote, the proposed DiFF is able to segment the masks with 6% improvement on diagnosis AUC score, which also outperforms various state-of-the-art multi-rater methods by a large margin.      
### 74.Optimizing Random Mixup with Gaussian Differential Privacy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06467.pdf)
>  Differentially private data release receives rising attention in machine learning community. Recently, an algorithm called DPMix is proposed to release high-dimensional data after a random mixup of degree $m$ with differential privacy. However, limited theoretical justifications are given about the "sweet spot $m$" phenomenon, and directly applying DPMix to image data suffers from severe loss of utility. In this paper, we revisit random mixup with recent progress on differential privacy. In theory, equipped with Gaussian Differential Privacy with Poisson subsampling, a tight closed form analysis is presented that enables a quantitative characterization of optimal mixup $m^*$ based on linear regression models. In practice, mixup of features, extracted by handcraft or pre-trained neural networks such as self-supervised learning without labels, is adopted to significantly boost the performance with privacy protection. We name it as Differentially Private Feature Mixup (DPFMix). Experiments on MNIST, CIFAR10/100 are conducted to demonstrate its remarkable utility improvement and protection against attacks.      
### 75.A State-of-the-art Survey of U-Net in Microscopic Image Analysis: from Simple Usage to Structure Mortification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06465.pdf)
>  Image analysis technology is used to solve the inadvertences of artificial traditional methods in disease, wastewater treatment, environmental change monitoring analysis and convolutional neural networks (CNN) play an important role in microscopic image analysis. An important step in detection, tracking, monitoring, feature extraction, modeling and analysis is image segmentation, in which U-Net has increasingly applied in microscopic image segmentation. This paper comprehensively reviews the development history of U-Net, and analyzes various research results of various segmentation methods since the emergence of U-Net and conducts a comprehensive review of related papers. First, This paper has summarizes the improved methods of U-Net and then listed the existing significances of image segmentation techniques and their improvements that has introduced over the years. Finally, focusing on the different improvement strategies of U-Net in different papers, the related work of each application target is reviewed according to detailed technical categories to facilitate future research. Researchers can clearly see the dynamics of transmission of technological development and keep up with future trends in this interdisciplinary field.      
### 76.Faster hyperspectral image classification based on selective kernel mechanism using deep convolutional networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06458.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral imagery is rich in spatial and spectral information. Using 3D-CNN can simultaneously acquire features of spatial and spectral dimensions to facilitate classification of features, but hyperspectral image information spectral dimensional information redundancy. The use of continuous 3D-CNN will result in a high amount of parameters, and the computational power requirements of the device are high, and the training takes too long. This letter designed the Faster selective kernel mechanism network (FSKNet), FSKNet can balance this problem. It designs 3D-CNN and 2D-CNN conversion modules, using 3D-CNN to complete feature extraction while reducing the dimensionality of spatial and spectrum. However, such a model is not lightweight enough. In the converted 2D-CNN, a selective kernel mechanism is proposed, which allows each neuron to adjust the receptive field size based on the two-way input information scale. Under the Selective kernel mechanism, it mainly includes two components, se module and variable convolution. Se acquires channel dimensional attention and variable convolution to obtain spatial dimension deformation information of ground objects. The model is more accurate, faster, and less computationally intensive. FSKNet achieves high accuracy on the IN, UP, Salinas, and Botswana data sets with very small parameters.      
### 77.Perception-Aware Perching on Powerlines with Multirotors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06434.pdf)
>  Multirotor aerial robots are becoming widely used for the inspection of powerlines. To enable continuous, robust inspection without human intervention, the robots must be able to perch on the powerlines to recharge their batteries. Highly versatile perching capabilities are necessary to adapt to the variety of configurations and constraints that are present in real powerline systems. This paper presents a novel perching trajectory generation framework that computes perception-aware, collision-free, and dynamically-feasible maneuvers to guide the robot to the desired final state. Trajectory generation is achieved via solving a Nonlinear Programming problem using the Primal-Dual Interior Point method. The problem considers the full dynamic model of the robot down to its single rotor thrusts and minimizes the final pose and velocity errors while avoiding collisions and maximizing the visibility of the powerline during the maneuver. The generated maneuvers consider both the perching and the posterior recovery trajectories. The framework adopts costs and constraints defined by efficient mathematical representations of powerlines, enabling online onboard execution in resource-constrained hardware. The method is validated on-board an agile quadrotor conducting powerline inspection and various perching maneuvers with final pitch values of up to 180 degrees. The developed code is available online at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/grvcPerception/pa_powerline_perching" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 78.AI can evolve without labels: self-evolving vision transformer for chest X-ray diagnosis through knowledge distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06431.pdf)
>  Although deep learning-based computer-aided diagnosis systems have recently achieved expert-level performance, developing a robust deep learning model requires large, high-quality data with manual annotation, which is expensive to obtain. This situation poses the problem that the chest x-rays collected annually in hospitals cannot be used due to the lack of manual labeling by experts, especially in deprived areas. To address this, here we present a novel deep learning framework that uses knowledge distillation through self-supervised learning and self-training, which shows that the performance of the original model trained with a small number of labels can be gradually improved with more unlabeled data. Experimental results show that the proposed framework maintains impressive robustness against a real-world environment and has general applicability to several diagnostic tasks such as tuberculosis, pneumothorax, and COVID-19. Notably, we demonstrated that our model performs even better than those trained with the same amount of labeled data. The proposed framework has a great potential for medical imaging, where plenty of data is accumulated every year, but ground truth annotations are expensive to obtain.      
### 79.A Survey of Deep Learning Techniques for the Analysis of COVID-19 and their usability for Detecting Omicron  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06372.pdf)
>  The Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak in December 2019 has become an ongoing threat to humans worldwide, creating a health crisis that infected millions of lives, as well as devastating the global economy. Deep learning (DL) techniques have proved helpful in analysis and delineation of infectious regions in radiological images in a timely manner. This paper makes an in-depth survey of DL techniques and draws a taxonomy based on diagnostic strategies and learning approaches. DL techniques are systematically categorized into classification, segmentation, and multi-stage approaches for COVID-19 diagnosis at image and region level analysis. Each category includes pre-trained and custom-made Convolutional Neural Network architectures for detecting COVID-19 infection in radiographic imaging modalities; X-Ray, and Computer Tomography (CT). Furthermore, a discussion is made on challenges in developing diagnostic techniques in pandemic, cross-platform interoperability, and examining imaging modality, in addition to reviewing methodologies and performance measures used in these techniques. This survey provides an insight into promising areas of research in DL for analyzing radiographic images and thus, may further accelerate the research in designing of customized DL based diagnostic tools for effectively dealing with new variants of COVID-19 and emerging challenges.      
### 80.Learning Perspective Deformation in X-Ray Transmission Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06366.pdf)
>  In cone-beam X-ray transmission imaging, due to the divergence of X-rays, imaged structures with different depths have different magnification factors on an X-ray detector, which results in perspective deformation. Perspective deformation causes difficulty in direct, accurate geometric assessments of anatomical structures. In this work, to reduce perspective deformation in X-ray images acquired from regular cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) systems, we investigate on learning perspective deformation, i.e., converting perspective projections into orthogonal projections. Directly converting a single perspective projection image into an orthogonal projection image is extremely challenging due to the lack of depth information. Therefore, we propose to utilize one additional perspective projection, a complementary (180-degree) or orthogonal (90-degree) view, to provide a certain degree of depth information. Furthermore, learning perspective deformation in different spatial domains is investigated. Our proposed method is evaluated on numerical spherical bead phantoms as well as patients' chest and head X-ray data. The experiments on numerical bead phantom data demonstrate that learning perspective deformation in polar coordinates has significant advantages over learning in Cartesian coordinates, as root-mean-square error (RMSE) decreases from 5.31 to 1.40, while learning in log-polar coordinates has no further considerable improvement (RMSE = 1.85). In addition, using a complementary view (RMSE = 1.40) is better than an orthogonal view (RMSE = 3.87). The experiments on patients' chest and head data demonstrate that learning perspective deformation using dual complementary views is also applicable in anatomical X-ray data, allowing accurate cardiothoracic ratio measurements in chest X-ray images and cephalometric analysis in synthetic cephalograms from cone-beam X-ray projections.      
### 81.A Data Augmentation Method for Fully Automatic Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06344.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of glioma and its subregions is of great significance for diagnosis, treatment and monitoring of disease. In this paper, an augmentation method, called TensorMixup, was proposed and applied to the three dimensional U-Net architecture for brain tumor segmentation. The main ideas included that first, two image patches with size of 128 in three dimensions were selected according to glioma information of ground truth labels from the magnetic resonance imaging data of any two patients with the same modality. Next, a tensor in which all elements were independently sampled from Beta distribution was used to mix the image patches. Then the tensor was mapped to a matrix which was used to mix the one-hot encoded labels of the above image patches. Therefore, a new image and its one-hot encoded label were synthesized. Finally, the new data was used to train the model which could be used to segment glioma. The experimental results show that the mean accuracy of Dice scores are 91.32%, 85.67%, and 82.20% respectively on the whole tumor, tumor core, and enhancing tumor segmentation, which proves that the proposed TensorMixup is feasible and effective for brain tumor segmentation.      
### 82.Motion Sickness Modeling with Visual Vertical Estimation and Its Application to Autonomous Personal Mobility Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06299.pdf)
>  Passengers (drivers) of level 3-5 autonomous personal mobility vehicles (APMV) and cars can perform non-driving tasks, such as reading books and smartphones, while driving. It has been pointed out that such activities may increase motion sickness. Many studies have been conducted to build countermeasures, of which various computational motion sickness models have been developed. Many of these are based on subjective vertical conflict (SVC) theory, which describes vertical changes in direction sensed by human sensory organs vs. those expected by the central nervous system. Such models are expected to be applied to autonomous driving scenarios. However, no current computational model can integrate visual vertical information with vestibular sensations. <br>We proposed a 6 DoF SVC-VV model which add a visually perceived vertical block into a conventional six-degrees-of-freedom SVC model to predict VV directions from image data simulating the visual input of a human. Hence, a simple image-based VV estimation method is proposed. <br>As the validation of the proposed model, this paper focuses on describing the fact that the motion sickness increases as a passenger reads a book while using an AMPV, assuming that visual vertical (VV) plays an important role. In the static experiment, it is demonstrated that the estimated VV by the proposed method accurately described the gravitational acceleration direction with a low mean absolute deviation. In addition, the results of the driving experiment using an APMV demonstrated that the proposed 6 DoF SVC-VV model could describe that the increased motion sickness experienced when the VV and gravitational acceleration directions were different.      
### 83.LTSP: Long-Term Slice Propagation for Accurate Airway Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06260.pdf)
>  Purpose: Bronchoscopic intervention is a widely-used clinical technique for pulmonary diseases, which requires an accurate and topological complete airway map for its localization and guidance. The airway map could be extracted from chest computed tomography (CT) scans automatically by airway segmentation methods. Due to the complex tree-like structure of the airway, preserving its topology completeness while maintaining the segmentation accuracy is a challenging task. <br>Methods: In this paper, a long-term slice propagation (LTSP) method is proposed for accurate airway segmentation from pathological CT scans. We also design a two-stage end-to-end segmentation framework utilizing the LTSP method in the decoding process. Stage 1 is used to generate a coarse feature map by an encoder-decoder architecture. Stage 2 is to adopt the proposed LTSP method for exploiting the continuity information and enhancing the weak airway features in the coarse feature map. The final segmentation result is predicted from the refined feature map. <br>Results: Extensive experiments were conducted to evaluate the performance of the proposed method on 70 clinical CT scans. The results demonstrate the considerable improvements of the proposed method compared to some state-of-the-art methods as most breakages are eliminated and more tiny bronchi are detected. The ablation studies further confirm the effectiveness of the constituents of the proposed method. <br>Conclusion: Slice continuity information is beneficial to accurate airway segmentation. Furthermore, by propagating the long-term slice feature, the airway topology connectivity is preserved with overall segmentation accuracy maintained.      
### 84.Autonomous Drone Swarm Navigation and Multi-target Tracking in 3D Environments with Dynamic Obstacles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06253.pdf)
>  Autonomous modeling of artificial swarms is necessary because manual creation is a time intensive and complicated procedure which makes it impractical. An autonomous approach employing deep reinforcement learning is presented in this study for swarm navigation. In this approach, complex 3D environments with static and dynamic obstacles and resistive forces (like linear drag, angular drag, and gravity) are modeled to track multiple dynamic targets. Moreover, reward functions for robust swarm formation and target tracking are devised for learning complex swarm behaviors. Since the number of agents is not fixed and has only the partial observance of the environment, swarm formation and navigation become challenging. In this regard, the proposed strategy consists of three main phases to tackle the aforementioned challenges: 1) A methodology for dynamic swarm management, 2) Avoiding obstacles, Finding the shortest path towards the targets, 3) Tracking the targets and Island modeling. The dynamic swarm management phase translates basic sensory input to high level commands to enhance swarm navigation and decentralized setup while maintaining the swarms size fluctuations. While, in the island modeling, the swarm can split into individual subswarms according to the number of targets, conversely, these subswarms may join to form a single huge swarm, giving the swarm ability to track multiple targets. Customized state of the art policy based deep reinforcement learning algorithms are employed to achieve significant results. The promising results show that our proposed strategy enhances swarm navigation and can track multiple static and dynamic targets in complex dynamic environments.      
### 85.Privacy protection based on mask template  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06250.pdf)
>  Powerful recognition algorithms are widely used in the Internet or important medical systems, which poses a serious threat to personal privacy. Although the law provides for diversity protection, e.g. The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in Europe and Articles 1032 to 1039 of the civil code in China. However, as an important privacy disclosure event, biometric data is often hidden, which is difficult for the owner to detect and trace to the source. Human biometrics generally exist in images. In order to avoid the disclosure of personal privacy, we should prevent unauthorized recognition algorithms from acquiring the real features of the original image.      
### 86.Unsupervised Disentanglement with Tensor Product Representations on the Torus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06201.pdf)
>  The current methods for learning representations with auto-encoders almost exclusively employ vectors as the latent representations. In this work, we propose to employ a tensor product structure for this purpose. This way, the obtained representations are naturally disentangled. In contrast to the conventional variations methods, which are targeted toward normally distributed features, the latent space in our representation is distributed uniformly over a set of unit circles. We argue that the torus structure of the latent space captures the generative factors effectively. We employ recent tools for measuring unsupervised disentanglement, and in an extensive set of experiments demonstrate the advantage of our method in terms of disentanglement, completeness, and informativeness. The code for our proposed method is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rotmanmi/Unsupervised-Disentanglement-Torus" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 87.InfraredTags: Embedding Invisible AR Markers and Barcodes Using Low-Cost, Infrared-Based 3D Printing and Imaging Tools  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06165.pdf)
>  Existing approaches for embedding unobtrusive tags inside 3D objects require either complex fabrication or high-cost imaging equipment. We present InfraredTags, which are 2D markers and barcodes imperceptible to the naked eye that can be 3D printed as part of objects, and detected rapidly by low-cost near-infrared cameras. We achieve this by printing objects from an infrared-transmitting filament, which infrared cameras can see through, and by having air gaps inside for the tag's bits, which appear at a different intensity in the infrared image. <br>We built a user interface that facilitates the integration of common tags (QR codes, ArUco markers) with the object geometry to make them 3D printable as InfraredTags. We also developed a low-cost infrared imaging module that augments existing mobile devices and decodes tags using our image processing pipeline. Our evaluation shows that the tags can be detected with little near-infrared illumination (0.2lux) and from distances as far as 250cm. We demonstrate how our method enables various applications, such as object tracking and embedding metadata for augmented reality and tangible interactions.      
### 88.Multi-task Deep Learning for Cerebrovascular Disease Classification and MRI-to-PET Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06142.pdf)
>  Accurate quantification of cerebral blood flow (CBF) is essential for the diagnosis and assessment of cerebrovascular diseases such as Moyamoya, carotid stenosis, aneurysms, and stroke. Positron emission tomography (PET) is currently regarded as the gold standard for the measurement of CBF in the human brain. PET imaging, however, is not widely available because of its prohibitive costs, use of ionizing radiation, and logistical challenges, which require a co-localized cyclotron to deliver the 2 min half-life Oxygen-15 radioisotope. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), in contrast, is more readily available and does not involve ionizing radiation. In this study, we propose a multi-task learning framework for brain MRI-to-PET translation and disease diagnosis. The proposed framework comprises two prime networks: (1) an attention-based 3D encoder-decoder convolutional neural network (CNN) that synthesizes high-quality PET CBF maps from multi-contrast MRI images, and (2) a multi-scale 3D CNN that identifies the brain disease corresponding to the input MRI images. Our multi-task framework yields promising results on the task of MRI-to-PET translation, achieving an average structural similarity index (SSIM) of 0.94 and peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) of 38dB on a cohort of 120 subjects. In addition, we show that integrating multiple MRI modalities can improve the clinical diagnosis of brain diseases.      
### 89.Breast Cancer Detection using Histopathological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06109.pdf)
>  Cancer is one of the most common and fatal diseases in the world. Breast cancer affects one in every eight women and one in every eight hundred men. Hence, our prime target should be early detection of cancer because the early detection of cancer can be helpful to cure cancer effectively. Therefore, we propose a saliency detection system with the help of advanced deep learning techniques, such that the machine will be taught to emulate actions of pathologists for localization of diagnostically pertinent regions. We study identification of five diagnostic categories of breast cancer by training a CNN (VGG16, ResNet architecture). We have used BreakHis dataset to train our model. We focus on both detection and classification of cancerous regions in histopathology images. The diagnostically relevant regions are salient. The detection system will be available as an open source web application which can be used by pathologists and medical institutions.      
### 90.Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation via Geometry-aware Consistency Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06104.pdf)
>  The performance of supervised deep learning methods for medical image segmentation is often limited by the scarcity of labeled data. As a promising research direction, semi-supervised learning addresses this dilemma by leveraging unlabeled data information to assist the learning process. In this paper, a novel geometry-aware semi-supervised learning framework is proposed for medical image segmentation, which is a consistency-based method. Considering that the hard-to-segment regions are mainly located around the object boundary, we introduce an auxiliary prediction task to learn the global geometric information. Based on the geometric constraint, the ambiguous boundary regions are emphasized through an exponentially weighted strategy for the model training to better exploit both labeled and unlabeled data. In addition, a dual-view network is designed to perform segmentation from different perspectives and reduce the prediction uncertainty. The proposed method is evaluated on the public left atrium benchmark dataset and improves fully supervised method by 8.7% in Dice with 10% labeled images, while 4.3% with 20% labeled images. Meanwhile, our framework outperforms six state-of-the-art semi-supervised segmentation methods.      
### 91.Classification of Microscopy Images of Breast Tissue: Region Duplication based Self-Supervision vs. Off-the Shelf Deep Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06073.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is one of the leading causes of female mortality in the world. This can be reduced when diagnoses are performed at the early stages of progression. Further, the efficiency of the process can be significantly improved with computer aided diagnosis. Deep learning based approaches have been successfully applied to achieve this. One of the limiting factors for training deep networks in a supervised manner is the dependency on large amounts of expert annotated data. In reality, large amounts of unlabelled data and only small amounts of expert annotated data are available. In such scenarios, transfer learning approaches and self-supervised learning (SSL) based approaches can be leveraged. In this study, we propose a novel self-supervision pretext task to train a convolutional neural network (CNN) and extract domain specific features. This method was compared with deep features extracted using pre-trained CNNs such as DenseNet-121 and ResNet-50 trained on ImageNet. Additionally, two types of patch-combination methods were introduced and compared with majority voting. The methods were validated on the BACH microscopy images dataset. Results indicated that the best performance of 99% sensitivity was achieved for the deep features extracted using ResNet50 with concatenation of patch-level embedding. Preliminary results of SSL to extract domain specific features indicated that with just 15% of unlabelled data a high sensitivity of 94% can be achieved for a four class classification of microscopy images.      
### 92.End-to-end Reinforcement Learning of Robotic Manipulation with Robust Keypoints Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.06027.pdf)
>  We present an end-to-end Reinforcement Learning(RL) framework for robotic manipulation tasks, using a robust and efficient keypoints representation. The proposed method learns keypoints from camera images as the state representation, through a self-supervised autoencoder architecture. The keypoints encode the geometric information, as well as the relationship of the tool and target in a compact representation to ensure efficient and robust learning. After keypoints learning, the RL step then learns the robot motion from the extracted keypoints state representation. The keypoints and RL learning processes are entirely done in the simulated environment. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method on robotic manipulation tasks including grasping and pushing, in different scenarios. We also investigate the generalization capability of the trained model. In addition to the robust keypoints representation, we further apply domain randomization and adversarial training examples to achieve zero-shot sim-to-real transfer in real-world robotic manipulation tasks.      
### 93.Uncalibrated Models Can Improve Human-AI Collaboration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.05983.pdf)
>  In many practical applications of AI, an AI model is used as a decision aid for human users. The AI provides advice that a human (sometimes) incorporates into their decision-making process. The AI advice is often presented with some measure of "confidence" that the human can use to calibrate how much they depend on or trust the advice. In this paper, we demonstrate that presenting AI models as more confident than they actually are, even when the original AI is well-calibrated, can improve human-AI performance (measured as the accuracy and confidence of the human's final prediction after seeing the AI advice). We first learn a model for how humans incorporate AI advice using data from thousands of human interactions. This enables us to explicitly estimate how to transform the AI's prediction confidence, making the AI uncalibrated, in order to improve the final human prediction. We empirically validate our results across four different tasks -- dealing with images, text and tabular data -- involving hundreds of human participants. We further support our findings with simulation analysis. Our findings suggest the importance of and a framework for jointly optimizing the human-AI system as opposed to the standard paradigm of optimizing the AI model alone.      
### 94.Vector Quantized Bayesian Neural Network Inference for Data Streams  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.05911.pdf)
>  Bayesian neural networks (BNN) can estimate the uncertainty in predictions, as opposed to non-Bayesian neural networks (NNs). However, BNNs have been far less widely used than non-Bayesian NNs in practice since they need iterative NN executions to predict a result for one data, and it gives rise to prohibitive computational cost. This computational burden is a critical problem when processing data streams with low-latency. To address this problem, we propose a novel model VQ-BNN, which approximates BNN inference for data streams. In order to reduce the computational burden, VQ-BNN inference predicts NN only once and compensates the result with previously memorized predictions. To be specific, VQ-BNN inference for data streams is given by temporal exponential smoothing of recent predictions. The computational cost of this model is almost the same as that of non-Bayesian NNs. Experiments including semantic segmentation on real-world data show that this model performs significantly faster than BNNs while estimating predictive results comparable to or superior to the results of BNNs.      
