# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 1 Jul 2020
### 1.Deep Isometric Learning for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16992.pdf)
>  Initialization, normalization, and skip connections are believed to be three indispensable techniques for training very deep convolutional neural networks and obtaining state-of-the-art performance. This paper shows that deep vanilla ConvNets without normalization nor skip connections can also be trained to achieve surprisingly good performance on standard image recognition benchmarks. This is achieved by enforcing the convolution kernels to be near isometric during initialization and training, as well as by using a variant of ReLU that is shifted towards being isometric. Further experiments show that if combined with skip connections, such near isometric networks can achieve performances on par with (for ImageNet) and better than (for COCO) the standard ResNet, even without normalization at all. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HaozhiQi/ISONet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.PriorGAN: Real Data Prior for Generative Adversarial Nets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16990.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have achieved rapid progress in learning rich data distributions. However, we argue about two main issues in existing techniques. First, the low quality problem where the learned distribution has massive low quality samples. Second, the missing modes problem where the learned distribution misses some certain regions of the real data distribution. To address these two issues, we propose a novel prior that captures the whole real data distribution for GANs, which are called PriorGANs. To be specific, we adopt a simple yet elegant Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) to build an explicit probability distribution on the feature level for the whole real data. By maximizing the probability of generated data, we can push the low quality samples to high quality. Meanwhile, equipped with the prior, we can estimate the missing modes in the learned distribution and design a sampling strategy on the real data to solve the problem. The proposed real data prior can generalize to various training settings of GANs, such as LSGAN, WGAN-GP, SNGAN, and even the StyleGAN. Our experiments demonstrate that PriorGANs outperform the state-of-the-art on the CIFAR-10, FFHQ, LSUN-cat, and LSUN-bird datasets by large margins.      
### 3.Self-Supervised Learning of a Biologically-Inspired Visual Texture Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16976.pdf)
>  We develop a model for representing visual texture in a low-dimensional feature space, along with a novel self-supervised learning objective that is used to train it on an unlabeled database of texture images. Inspired by the architecture of primate visual cortex, the model uses a first stage of oriented linear filters (corresponding to cortical area V1), consisting of both rectified units (simple cells) and pooled phase-invariant units (complex cells). These responses are processed by a second stage (analogous to cortical area V2) consisting of convolutional filters followed by half-wave rectification and pooling to generate V2 'complex cell' responses. The second stage filters are trained on a set of unlabeled homogeneous texture images, using a novel contrastive objective that maximizes the distance between the distribution of V2 responses to individual images and the distribution of responses across all images. When evaluated on texture classification, the trained model achieves substantially greater data-efficiency than a variety of deep hierarchical model architectures. Moreover, we show that the learned model exhibits stronger representational similarity to texture responses of neural populations recorded in primate V2 than pre-trained deep CNNs.      
### 4.ITSELF: Iterative Saliency Estimation fLexible Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16956.pdf)
>  Saliency object detection estimates the objects that most stand out in an image. The available unsupervised saliency estimators rely on a pre-determined set of assumptions of how humans perceive saliency to create discriminating features. By fixing the pre-selected assumptions as integral part of their models, these methods cannot be easily extended for specific settings and different image domains. We then propose an superpixel-based ITerative Saliency Estimation fLexible Framework (ITSELF) that allows any number of user-defined assumptions to be added to the model when required. Thanks to recent advancement on superpixel segmentation algorithms, saliency-maps can be used to improve superpixel delineation. By combining a saliency-based superpixel algorithm to a superpixel-based saliency estimator, we propose a novel saliency/superpixel self-improving loop to iteratively enhance saliency maps. We compared ITSELF to two state-of-the-art saliency estimators on five metrics and six datasets, four of which are composed of natural-images, and two of biomedical-images. Experiments show that our approach is more robust than the compared methods, presenting competitive results on natural-image datasets and outperforming them on biomedical-image datasets.      
### 5.ERNIE-ViL: Knowledge Enhanced Vision-Language Representations Through Scene Graph  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16934.pdf)
>  We propose a knowledge-enhanced approach, ERNIE-ViL, to learn joint representations of vision and language. ERNIE-ViL tries to construct the detailed semantic connections (objects, attributes of objects and relationships between objects in visual scenes) across vision and language, which are essential to vision-language cross-modal tasks. Incorporating knowledge from scene graphs, ERNIE-ViL constructs Scene Graph Prediction tasks, i.e., Object Prediction, Attribute Prediction and Relationship Prediction in the pre-training phase. More specifically, these prediction tasks are implemented by predicting nodes of different types in the scene graph parsed from the sentence. Thus, ERNIE-ViL can model the joint representation characterizing the alignments of the detailed semantics across vision and language. Pre-trained on two large image-text alignment datasets (Conceptual Captions and SBU), ERNIE-ViL learns better and more robust joint representations. It achieves state-of-the-art performance on 5 vision-language downstream tasks after fine-tuning ERNIE-ViL. Furthermore, it ranked the 1st place on the VCR leader-board with an absolute improvement of 3.7\%.      
### 6.FVV Live: Real-Time, Low-Cost, Free Viewpoint Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16893.pdf)
>  FVV Live is a novel real-time, low-latency, end-to-end free viewpoint system including capture, transmission, synthesis on an edge server and visualization and control on a mobile terminal. The system has been specially designed for low-cost and real-time operation, only using off-the-shelf components.      
### 7.Boosting Deep Neural Networks with Geometrical Prior Knowledge: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16867.pdf)
>  While Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) achieve state-of-the-art results in many different problem settings, they are affected by some crucial weaknesses. On the one hand, DNNs depend on exploiting a vast amount of training data, whose labeling process is time-consuming and expensive. On the other hand, DNNs are often treated as black box systems, which complicates their evaluation and validation. Both problems can be mitigated by incorporating prior knowledge into the DNN. <br>One promising field, inspired by the success of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in computer vision tasks, is to incorporate knowledge about symmetric geometrical transformations of the problem to solve. This promises an increased data-efficiency and filter responses that are interpretable more easily. In this survey, we try to give a concise overview about different approaches to incorporate geometrical prior knowledge into DNNs. Additionally, we try to connect those methods to the field of 3D object detection for autonomous driving, where we expect promising results applying those methods.      
### 8.Rapid Response Crop Maps in Data Sparse Regions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16866.pdf)
>  Spatial information on cropland distribution, often called cropland or crop maps, are critical inputs for a wide range of agriculture and food security analyses and decisions. However, high-resolution cropland maps are not readily available for most countries, especially in regions dominated by smallholder farming (e.g., sub-Saharan Africa). These maps are especially critical in times of crisis when decision makers need to rapidly design and enact agriculture-related policies and mitigation strategies, including providing humanitarian assistance, dispersing targeted aid, or boosting productivity for farmers. A major challenge for developing crop maps is that many regions do not have readily accessible ground truth data on croplands necessary for training and validating predictive models, and field campaigns are not feasible for collecting labels for rapid response. We present a method for rapid mapping of croplands in regions where little to no ground data is available. We present results for this method in Togo, where we delivered a high-resolution (10 m) cropland map in under 10 days to facilitate rapid response to the COVID-19 pandemic by the Togolese government. This demonstrated a successful transition of machine learning applications research to operational rapid response in a real humanitarian crisis. All maps, data, and code are publicly available to enable future research and operational systems in data-sparse regions.      
### 9.Conditional Set Generation with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16841.pdf)
>  A set is an unordered collection of unique elements--and yet many machine learning models that generate sets impose an implicit or explicit ordering. Since model performance can depend on the choice of order, any particular ordering can lead to sub-optimal results. An alternative solution is to use a permutation-equivariant set generator, which does not specify an order-ing. An example of such a generator is the DeepSet Prediction Network (DSPN). We introduce the Transformer Set Prediction Network (TSPN), a flexible permutation-equivariant model for set prediction based on the transformer, that builds upon and outperforms DSPN in the quality of predicted set elements and in the accuracy of their predicted sizes. We test our model on MNIST-as-point-clouds (SET-MNIST) for point-cloud generation and on CLEVR for object detection.      
### 10.Can Your Face Detector Do Anti-spoofing? Face Presentation Attack Detection with a Multi-Channel Face Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16836.pdf)
>  In a typical face recognition pipeline, the task of the face detector is to localize the face region. However, the face detector localizes regions that look like a face, irrespective of the liveliness of the face, which makes the entire system susceptible to presentation attacks. In this work, we try to reformulate the task of the face detector to detect real faces, thus eliminating the threat of presentation attacks. While this task could be challenging with visible spectrum images alone, we leverage the multi-channel information available from off the shelf devices (such as color, depth, and infrared channels) to design a multi-channel face detector. The proposed system can be used as a live-face detector obviating the need for a separate presentation attack detection module, making the system reliable in practice without any additional computational overhead. The main idea is to leverage a single-stage object detection framework, with a joint representation obtained from different channels for the PAD task. We have evaluated our approach in the multi-channel WMCA dataset containing a wide variety of attacks to show the effectiveness of the proposed framework.      
### 11.You Only Look Yourself: Unsupervised and Untrained Single Image Dehazing Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16829.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study two challenging and less-touched problems in single image dehazing, namely, how to make deep learning achieve image dehazing without training on the ground-truth clean image (unsupervised) and a image collection (untrained). An unsupervised neural network will avoid the intensive labor collection of hazy-clean image pairs, and an untrained model is a ``real'' single image dehazing approach which could remove haze based on only the observed hazy image itself and no extra images is used. Motivated by the layer disentanglement idea, we propose a novel method, called you only look yourself (\textbf{YOLY}) which could be one of the first unsupervised and untrained neural networks for image dehazing. In brief, YOLY employs three jointly subnetworks to separate the observed hazy image into several latent layers, \textit{i.e.}, scene radiance layer, transmission map layer, and atmospheric light layer. After that, these three layers are further composed to the hazy image in a self-supervised manner. Thanks to the unsupervised and untrained characteristics of YOLY, our method bypasses the conventional training paradigm of deep models on hazy-clean pairs or a large scale dataset, thus avoids the labor-intensive data collection and the domain shift issue. Besides, our method also provides an effective learning-based haze transfer solution thanks to its layer disentanglement mechanism. Extensive experiments show the promising performance of our method in image dehazing compared with 14 methods on four databases.      
### 12.Uncertainty-aware multi-view co-training for semi-supervised medical image segmentation and domain adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16806.pdf)
>  Although having achieved great success in medical image segmentation, deep learning-based approaches usually require large amounts of well-annotated data, which can be extremely expensive in the field of medical image analysis. Unlabeled data, on the other hand, is much easier to acquire. Semi-supervised learning and unsupervised domain adaptation both take the advantage of unlabeled data, and they are closely related to each other. In this paper, we propose uncertainty-aware multi-view co-training (UMCT), a unified framework that addresses these two tasks for volumetric medical image segmentation. Our framework is capable of efficiently utilizing unlabeled data for better performance. We firstly rotate and permute the 3D volumes into multiple views and train a 3D deep network on each view. We then apply co-training by enforcing multi-view consistency on unlabeled data, where an uncertainty estimation of each view is utilized to achieve accurate labeling. Experiments on the NIH pancreas segmentation dataset and a multi-organ segmentation dataset show state-of-the-art performance of the proposed framework on semi-supervised medical image segmentation. Under unsupervised domain adaptation settings, we validate the effectiveness of this work by adapting our multi-organ segmentation model to two pathological organs from the Medical Segmentation Decathlon Datasets. Additionally, we show that our UMCT-DA model can even effectively handle the challenging situation where labeled source data is inaccessible, demonstrating strong potentials for real-world applications.      
### 13.Leveraging Temporal Information for 3D Detection and Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16796.pdf)
>  Ever since the prevalent use of the LiDARs in autonomous driving, tremendous improvements have been made to the learning on the point clouds. However, recent progress largely focuses on detecting objects in a single 360-degree sweep, without extensively exploring the temporal information. In this report, we describe a simple way to pass such information in the learning pipeline by adding timestamps to the point clouds, which shows consistent improvements across all three classes.      
### 14.Validation and generalization of pixel-wise relevance in convolutional neural networks trained for face classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16795.pdf)
>  The increased use of convolutional neural networks for face recognition in science, governance, and broader society has created an acute need for methods that can show how these 'black box' decisions are made. To be interpretable and useful to humans, such a method should convey a model's learned classification strategy in a way that is robust to random initializations or spurious correlations in input data. To this end, we applied the decompositional pixel-wise attribution method of layer-wise relevance propagation (LRP) to resolve the decisions of several classes of VGG-16 models trained for face recognition. We then quantified how these relevance measures vary with and generalize across key model parameters, such as the pretraining dataset (ImageNet or VGGFace), the finetuning task (gender or identity classification), and random initializations of model weights. Using relevance-based image masking, we find that relevance maps for face classification prove generally stable across random initializations, and can generalize across finetuning tasks. However, there is markedly less generalization across pretraining datasets, indicating that ImageNet- and VGGFace-trained models sample face information differently even as they achieve comparably high classification performance. Fine-grained analyses of relevance maps across models revealed asymmetries in generalization that point to specific benefits of choice parameters, and suggest that it may be possible to find an underlying set of important face image pixels that drive decisions across convolutional neural networks and tasks. Finally, we evaluated model decision weighting against human measures of similarity, providing a novel framework for interpreting face recognition decisions across human and machine.      
### 15.Large-scale inference of liver fat with neural networks on UK Biobank body MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16777.pdf)
>  The UK Biobank Imaging Study has acquired medical scans of more than 40,000 volunteer participants. The resulting wealth of anatomical information has been made available for research, together with extensive metadata including measurements of liver fat. These values play an important role in metabolic disease, but are only available for a minority of imaged subjects as their collection requires the careful work of image analysts on dedicated liver MRI. Another UK Biobank protocol is neck-to-knee body MRI for analysis of body composition. The resulting volumes can also quantify fat fractions, even though they were reconstructed with a two- instead of a three-point Dixon technique. In this work, a novel framework for automated inference of liver fat from UK Biobank neck-to-knee body MRI is proposed. A ResNet50 was trained for regression on two-dimensional slices from these scans and the reference values as target, without any need for ground truth segmentations. Once trained, it performs fast, objective, and fully automated predictions that require no manual intervention. On the given data, it closely emulates the reference method, reaching a level of agreement comparable to different gold standard techniques. The network learned to rectify non-linearities in the fat fraction values and identified several outliers in the reference. It outperformed a multi-atlas segmentation baseline and inferred new estimates for all imaged subjects lacking reference values, expanding the total number of liver fat measurements by factor six.      
### 16.Beyond accuracy: quantifying trial-by-trial behaviour of CNNs and humans by measuring error consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16736.pdf)
>  A central problem in cognitive science and behavioural neuroscience as well as in machine learning and artificial intelligence research is to ascertain whether two or more decision makers (e.g. brains or algorithms) use the same strategy. Accuracy alone cannot distinguish between strategies: two systems may achieve similar accuracy with very different strategies. The need to differentiate beyond accuracy is particularly pressing if two systems are at or near ceiling performance, like Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and humans on visual object recognition. Here we introduce trial-by-trial error consistency, a quantitative analysis for measuring whether two decision making systems systematically make errors on the same inputs. Making consistent errors on a trial-by-trial basis is a necessary condition if we want to ascertain similar processing strategies between decision makers. Our analysis is applicable to compare algorithms with algorithms, humans with humans, and algorithms with humans. When applying error consistency to visual object recognition we obtain three main findings: (1.) Irrespective of architecture, CNNs are remarkably consistent with one another (2.) The consistency between CNNs and human observers, however, is little above what can be expected by chance alone--indicating that humans and CNNs are likely implementing very different strategies (3.) CORnet-S, a recurrent model termed the "current best model of the primate ventral visual stream", fails to capture essential characteristics of human behavioural data and behaves essentially like a ResNet-50 in our analysis--that is, just like a standard feedforward network. Taken together, error consistency analysis suggests that the strategies used by human and machine vision are still very different--but we envision our general-purpose error consistency analysis to serve as a fruitful tool for quantifying future progress.      
### 17.Classification Confidence Estimation with Test-Time Data-Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16705.pdf)
>  Machine learning plays an increasingly significant role in many aspects of our lives (including medicine, transportation, security, justice and other domains), making the potential consequences of false predictions increasingly devastating. These consequences may be mitigated if we can automatically flag such false predictions and potentially assign them to alternative, more reliable mechanisms, that are possibly more costly and involve human attention. This suggests the task of detecting errors, which we tackle in this paper for the case of visual classification. To this end, we propose a novel approach for classification confidence estimation. We apply a set of semantics-preserving image transformations to the input image, and show how the resulting image sets can be used to estimate confidence in the classifier's prediction. We demonstrate the potential of our approach by extensively evaluating it on a wide variety of classifier architectures and datasets, including ResNext/ImageNet, achieving state of the art performance. This paper constitutes a significant revision of our earlier work in this direction (Bahat &amp; Shakhnarovich, 2018).      
### 18.Cross-Scale Internal Graph Neural Network for Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16673.pdf)
>  Non-local self-similarity in natural images has been well studied as an effective prior in image restoration. However, for single image super-resolution (SISR), most existing deep non-local methods (e.g., non-local neural networks) only exploit similar patches within the same scale of the low-resolution (LR) input image. Consequently, the restoration is limited to using the same-scale information while neglecting potential high-resolution (HR) cues from other scales. In this paper, we explore the cross-scale patch recurrence property of a natural image, i.e., similar patches tend to recur many times across different scales. This is achieved using a novel cross-scale internal graph neural network (IGNN). Specifically, we dynamically construct a cross-scale graph by searching k-nearest neighboring patches in the downsampled LR image for each query patch in the LR image. We then obtain the corresponding k HR neighboring patches in the LR image and aggregate them adaptively in accordance to the edge label of the constructed graph. In this way, the HR information can be passed from k HR neighboring patches to the LR query patch to help it recover more detailed textures. Besides, these internal image-specific LR/HR exemplars are also significant complements to the external information learned from the training dataset. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of IGNN against the state-of-the-art SISR methods including existing non-local networks on standard benchmarks.      
### 19.Quantitative Evaluation of Endoscopic SLAM Methods: EndoSLAM Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16670.pdf)
>  Deep learning techniques hold promise to improve dense topography reconstruction and pose estimation, as well as simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). However, currently available datasets do not support effective quantitative benchmarking. With this paper, we introduce a comprehensive endoscopic SLAM dataset containing both capsule and standard endoscopy recordings. A Panda robotic arm, two different commercially available high precision 3D scanners, two different commercially available capsule endoscopes with different camera properties and two different conventional endoscopy cameras were employed to collect data from eight ex-vivo porcine gastrointestinal (GI)-tract organs. In total, 35 sub-datasets are provided: 18 sub-datasets for colon, 12 sub-datasets for stomach and five sub-datasets for small intestine, while four of these contain polyp-mimicking elevations carried out by an expert gastroenterologist. To exemplify the use-case, SC-SfMLearner was comprehensively benchmarked. The codes and the link for the dataset are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CapsuleEndoscope/EndoSLAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. A video demonstrating the experimental setup and procedure is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_LCe0aWWdQ" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.EasyQuant: Post-training Quantization via Scale Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16669.pdf)
>  The 8 bits quantization has been widely applied to accelerate network inference in various deep learning applications. There are two kinds of quantization methods, training-based quantization and post-training quantization. Training-based approach suffers from a cumbersome training process, while post-training quantization may lead to unacceptable accuracy drop. In this paper, we present an efficient and simple post-training method via scale optimization, named EasyQuant (EQ),that could obtain comparable accuracy with the training-based method.Specifically, we first alternately optimize scales of weights and activations for all layers target at convolutional outputs to further obtain the high quantization precision. Then, we lower down bit width to INT7 both for weights and activations, and adopt INT16 intermediate storage and integer Winograd convolution implementation to accelerate inference.Experimental results on various computer vision tasks show that EQ outperforms the TensorRT method and can achieve near INT8 accuracy in 7 bits width post-training.      
### 21.Rethinking CNN-Based Pansharpening: Guided Colorization of Panchromatic Images via GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16644.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN)-based approaches have shown promising results in pansharpening of satellite images in recent years. However, they still exhibit limitations in producing high-quality pansharpening outputs. To that end, we propose a new self-supervised learning framework, where we treat pansharpening as a colorization problem, which brings an entirely novel perspective and solution to the problem compared to existing methods that base their solution solely on producing a super-resolution version of the multispectral image. Whereas CNN-based methods provide a reduced resolution panchromatic image as input to their model along with reduced resolution multispectral images, hence learn to increase their resolution together, we instead provide the grayscale transformed multispectral image as input, and train our model to learn the colorization of the grayscale input. We further address the fixed downscale ratio assumption during training, which does not generalize well to the full-resolution scenario. We introduce a noise injection into the training by randomly varying the downsampling ratios. Those two critical changes, along with the addition of adversarial training in the proposed PanColorization Generative Adversarial Networks (PanColorGAN) framework, help overcome the spatial detail loss and blur problems that are observed in CNN-based pansharpening. The proposed approach outperforms the previous CNN-based and traditional methods as demonstrated in our experiments.      
### 22.OccInpFlow: Occlusion-Inpainting Optical Flow Estimation by Unsupervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16637.pdf)
>  Occlusion is an inevitable and critical problem in unsupervised optical flow learning. Existing methods either treat occlusions equally as non-occluded regions or simply remove them to avoid incorrectness. However, the occlusion regions can provide effective information for optical flow learning. In this paper, we present OccInpFlow, an occlusion-inpainting framework to make full use of occlusion regions. Specifically, a new appearance-flow network is proposed to inpaint occluded flows based on the image content. Moreover, a boundary warp is proposed to deal with occlusions caused by displacement beyond image border. We conduct experiments on multiple leading flow benchmark data sets such as Flying Chairs, KITTI and MPI-Sintel, which demonstrate that the performance is significantly improved by our proposed occlusion handling framework.      
### 23.Primary Tumor Origin Classification of Lung Nodules in Spectral CT using Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16633.pdf)
>  Early detection of lung cancer has been proven to decrease mortality significantly. A recent development in computed tomography (CT), spectral CT, can potentially improve diagnostic accuracy, as it yields more information per scan than regular CT. However, the shear workload involved with analyzing a large number of scans drives the need for automated diagnosis methods. Therefore, we propose a detection and classification system for lung nodules in CT scans. Furthermore, we want to observe whether spectral images can increase classifier performance. For the detection of nodules we trained a VGG-like 3D convolutional neural net (CNN). To obtain a primary tumor classifier for our dataset we pre-trained a 3D CNN with similar architecture on nodule malignancies of a large publicly available dataset, the LIDC-IDRI dataset. Subsequently we used this pre-trained network as feature extractor for the nodules in our dataset. The resulting feature vectors were classified into two (benign/malignant) and three (benign/primary lung cancer/metastases) classes using support vector machine (SVM). This classification was performed both on nodule- and scan-level. We obtained state-of-the art performance for detection and malignancy regression on the LIDC-IDRI database. Classification performance on our own dataset was higher for scan- than for nodule-level predictions. For the three-class scan-level classification we obtained an accuracy of 78\%. Spectral features did increase classifier performance, but not significantly. Our work suggests that a pre-trained feature extractor can be used as primary tumor origin classifier for lung nodules, eliminating the need for elaborate fine-tuning of a new network and large datasets. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tueimage/lung-nodule-msc-2018" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 24.A Simple Domain Shifting Networkfor Generating Low Quality Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16621.pdf)
>  Deep Learning systems have proven to be extremely successful for image recognition tasks for which significant amounts of training data is available, e.g., on the famous ImageNet dataset. We demonstrate that for robotics applications with cheap camera equipment, the low image quality, however,influences the classification accuracy, and freely available databases cannot be exploited in a straight forward way to train classifiers to be used on a robot. As a solution we propose to train a network on degrading the quality images in order to mimic specific low quality imaging systems. Numerical experiments demonstrate that classification networks trained by using images produced by our quality degrading network along with the high quality images outperform classification networks trained only on high quality data when used on a real robot system, while being significantly easier to use than competing zero-shot domain adaptation techniques.      
### 25.On the Demystification of Knowledge Distillation: A Residual Network Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16589.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) is generally considered as a technique for performing model compression and learned-label smoothing. However, in this paper, we study and investigate the KD approach from a new perspective: we study its efficacy in training a deeper network without any residual connections. We find that in most of the cases, non-residual student networks perform equally or better than their residual versions trained on raw data without KD (baseline network). Surprisingly, in some cases, they surpass the accuracy of baseline networks even with the inferior teachers. After a certain depth of non-residual student network, the accuracy drop, coming from the removal of residual connections, is substantial, and training with KD boosts the accuracy of the student up to a great extent; however, it does not fully recover the accuracy drop. Furthermore, we observe that the conventional teacher-student view of KD is incomplete and does not adequately explain our findings. We propose a novel interpretation of KD with the Trainee-Mentor hypothesis, which provides a holistic view of KD. We also present two viewpoints, loss landscape, and feature reuse, to explain the interplay between residual connections and KD. We substantiate our claims through extensive experiments on residual networks.      
### 26.Tackling Occlusion in Siamese Tracking with Structured Dropouts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16571.pdf)
>  Occlusion is one of the most difficult challenges in object tracking to model. This is because unlike other challenges, where data augmentation can be of help, occlusion is hard to simulate as the occluding object can be anything in any shape. In this paper, we propose a simple solution to simulate the effects of occlusion in the latent space. Specifically, we present structured dropout to mimick the change in latent codes under occlusion. We present three forms of dropout (channel dropout, segment dropout and slice dropout) with the various forms of occlusion in mind. To demonstrate its effectiveness, the dropouts are incorporated into two modern Siamese trackers (SiamFC and SiamRPN++). The outputs from multiple dropouts are combined using an encoder network to obtain the final prediction. Experiments on several tracking benchmarks show the benefits of structured dropouts, while due to their simplicity requiring only small changes to the existing tracker models.      
### 27.Actionable Attribution Maps for Scientific Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16533.pdf)
>  The scientific community has been increasingly interested in harnessing the power of deep learning to solve various domain challenges. However, despite the effectiveness in building predictive models, fundamental challenges exist in extracting actionable knowledge from the deep neural network due to their opaque nature. In this work, we propose techniques for exploring the behavior of deep learning models by injecting domain-specific actionable concepts as tunable ``knobs'' in the analysis pipeline. By incorporating the domain knowledge with generative modeling, we are not only able to better understand the behavior of these black-box models, but also provide scientists with actionable insights that can potentially lead to fundamental discoveries.      
### 28.Vehicle Re-ID for Surround-view Camera System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16503.pdf)
>  The vehicle re-identification (ReID) plays a critical role in the perception system of autonomous driving, which attracts more and more attention in recent years. However, to our best knowledge, there is no existing complete solution for the surround-view system mounted on the vehicle. In this paper, we argue two main challenges in above scenario: i) In single camera view, it is difficult to recognize the same vehicle from the past image frames due to the fisheye distortion, occlusion, truncation, etc. ii) In multi-camera view, the appearance of the same vehicle varies greatly from different camera's viewpoints. Thus, we present an integral vehicle Re-ID solution to address these problems. Specifically, we propose a novel quality evaluation mechanism to balance the effect of tracking box's drift and target's consistency. Besides, we take advantage of the Re-ID network based on attention mechanism, then combined with a spatial constraint strategy to further boost the performance between different cameras. The experiments demonstrate that our solution achieves state-of-the-art accuracy while being real-time in practice. Besides, we will release the code and annotated fisheye dataset for the benefit of community.      
### 29.Method for the generation of depth images for view-based shape retrieval of 3D CAD model from partial point cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16500.pdf)
>  A laser scanner can easily acquire the geometric data of physical environments in the form of a point cloud. Recognizing objects from a point cloud is often required for industrial 3D reconstruction, which should include not only geometry information but also semantic information. However, recognition process is often a bottleneck in 3D reconstruction because it requires expertise on domain knowledge and intensive labor. To address this problem, various methods have been developed to recognize objects by retrieving the corresponding model in the database from an input geometry query. In recent years, the technique of converting geometric data into an image and applying view-based 3D shape retrieval has demonstrated high accuracy. Depth image which encodes depth value as intensity of pixel is frequently used for view-based 3D shape retrieval. However, geometric data collected from objects is often incomplete due to the occlusions and the limit of line of sight. Image generated by occluded point clouds lowers the performance of view-based 3D object retrieval due to loss of information. In this paper, we propose a method of viewpoint and image resolution estimation method for view-based 3D shape retrieval from point cloud query. Automatic selection of viewpoint and image resolution by calculating the data acquisition rate and density from the sampled viewpoints and image resolutions are proposed. The retrieval performance from the images generated by the proposed method is experimented and compared for various dataset. Additionally, view-based 3D shape retrieval performance with deep convolutional neural network has been experimented with the proposed method.      
### 30.MSNet: A Multilevel Instance Segmentation Network for Natural Disaster Damage Assessment in Aerial Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16479.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of efficiently assessing building damage after natural disasters like hurricanes, floods or fires, through aerial video analysis. We make two main contributions. The first contribution is a new dataset, consisting of user-generated aerial videos from social media with annotations of instance-level building damage masks. This provides the first benchmark for quantitative evaluation of models to assess building damage using aerial videos. The second contribution is a new model, namely MSNet, which contains novel region proposal network designs and an unsupervised score refinement network for confidence score calibration in both bounding box and mask branches. We show that our model achieves state-of-the-art results compared to previous methods in our dataset. We will release our data, models and code.      
### 31.Object Detection under Rainy Conditions for Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16471.pdf)
>  Advanced automotive active-safety systems, in general, and autonomous vehicles, in particular, rely heavily on visual data to classify and localize objects such as pedestrians, traffic signs and lights, and other nearby cars, to assist the corresponding vehicles maneuver safely in their environments. However, the performance of object detection methods could degrade rather significantly under challenging weather scenarios including rainy conditions. Despite major advancements in the development of deraining approaches, the impact of rain on object detection has largely been understudied, especially in the context of autonomous driving. The main objective of this paper is to present a tutorial on state-of-the-art and emerging techniques that represent leading candidates for mitigating the influence of rainy conditions on an autonomous vehicle\textsc{'}s ability to detect objects. Our goal includes surveying and analyzing the performance of object detection methods trained and tested using visual data captured under clear and rainy conditions. Moreover, we survey and evaluate the efficacy and limitations of leading deraining approaches, deep-learning based domain adaptation, and image translation frameworks that are being considered for addressing the problem of object detection under rainy conditions. Experimental results of a variety of the surveyed techniques are presented as part of this tutorial.      
### 32.Learning Patterns of Tourist Movement and Photography from Geotagged Photos at Archaeological Heritage Sites in Cuzco, Peru  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16424.pdf)
>  The popularity of media sharing platforms in recent decades has provided an abundance of open source data that remains underutilized by heritage scholars. By pairing geotagged internet photographs with machine learning and computer vision algorithms, we build upon the current theoretical discourse of anthropology associated with visuality and heritage tourism to identify travel patterns across a known archaeological heritage circuit, and quantify visual culture and experiences in Cuzco, Peru. Leveraging large-scale in-the-wild tourist photos, our goals are to (1) understand how the intensification of tourism intersects with heritage regulations and social media, aiding in the articulation of travel patterns across Cuzco's heritage landscape; and to (2) assess how aesthetic preferences and visuality become entangled with the rapidly evolving expectations of tourists, whose travel narratives are curated on social media and grounded in historic site representations.      
### 33.Vehicle Attribute Recognition by Appearance: Computer Vision Methods for Vehicle Type, Make and Model Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16400.pdf)
>  This paper studies vehicle attribute recognition by appearance. In the literature, image-based target recognition has been extensively investigated in many use cases, such as facial recognition, but less so in the field of vehicle attribute recognition. We survey a number of algorithms that identify vehicle properties ranging from coarse-grained level (vehicle type) to fine-grained level (vehicle make and model). Moreover, we discuss two alternative approaches for these tasks, including straightforward classification and a more flexible metric learning method. Furthermore, we design a simulated real-world scenario for vehicle attribute recognition and present an experimental comparison of the two approaches.      
### 34.Material Recognition for Automated Progress Monitoring using Deep Learning Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16344.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in Artificial intelligence, especially deep learning, has changed many fields irreversibly by introducing state of the art methods for automation. Construction monitoring has not been an exception; as a part of construction monitoring systems, material classification and recognition have drawn the attention of deep learning and machine vision researchers. However, to create production-ready systems, there is still a long path to cover. Real-world problems such as varying illuminations and reaching acceptable accuracies need to be addressed in order to create robust systems. In this paper, we have addressed these issues and reached a state of the art performance, i.e., 97.35% accuracy rate for this task. Also, a new dataset containing 1231 images of 11 classes taken from several construction sites is gathered and publicly published to help other researchers in this field.      
### 35.Asymmetric metric learning for knowledge transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16331.pdf)
>  Knowledge transfer from large teacher models to smaller student models has recently been studied for metric learning, focusing on fine-grained classification. In this work, focusing on instance-level image retrieval, we study an asymmetric testing task, where the database is represented by the teacher and queries by the student. Inspired by this task, we introduce asymmetric metric learning, a novel paradigm of using asymmetric representations at training. This acts as a simple combination of knowledge transfer with the original metric learning task. <br>We systematically evaluate different teacher and student models, metric learning and knowledge transfer loss functions on the new asymmetric testing as well as the standard symmetric testing task, where database and queries are represented by the same model. We find that plain regression is surprisingly effective compared to more complex knowledge transfer mechanisms, working best in asymmetric testing. Interestingly, our asymmetric metric learning approach works best in symmetric testing, allowing the student to even outperform the teacher.      
### 36.Towards Robust LiDAR-based Perception in Autonomous Driving: General Black-box Adversarial Sensor Attack and Countermeasures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16974.pdf)
>  Perception plays a pivotal role in autonomous driving systems, which utilizes onboard sensors like cameras and LiDARs (Light Detection and Ranging) to assess surroundings. Recent studies have demonstrated that LiDAR-based perception is vulnerable to spoofing attacks, in which adversaries spoof a fake vehicle in front of a victim self-driving car by strategically transmitting laser signals to the victim's LiDAR sensor. However, existing attacks suffer from effectiveness and generality limitations. In this work, we perform the first study to explore the general vulnerability of current LiDAR-based perception architectures and discover that the ignored occlusion patterns in LiDAR point clouds make self-driving cars vulnerable to spoofing attacks. We construct the first black-box spoofing attack based on our identified vulnerability, which universally achieves around 80% mean success rates on all target models. We perform the first defense study, proposing CARLO to mitigate LiDAR spoofing attacks. CARLO detects spoofed data by treating ignored occlusion patterns as invariant physical features, which reduces the mean attack success rate to 5.5%. Meanwhile, we take the first step towards exploring a general architecture for robust LiDAR-based perception, and propose SVF that embeds the neglected physical features into end-to-end learning. SVF further reduces the mean attack success rate to around 2.3%.      
### 37.Improving robustness against common corruptions by covariate shift adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16971.pdf)
>  Today's state-of-the-art machine vision models are vulnerable to image corruptions like blurring or compression artefacts, limiting their performance in many real-world applications. We here argue that popular benchmarks to measure model robustness against common corruptions (like ImageNet-C) underestimate model robustness in many (but not all) application scenarios. The key insight is that in many scenarios, multiple unlabeled examples of the corruptions are available and can be used for unsupervised online adaptation. Replacing the activation statistics estimated by batch normalization on the training set with the statistics of the corrupted images consistently improves the robustness across 25 different popular computer vision models. Using the corrected statistics, ResNet-50 reaches 62.2% mCE on ImageNet-C compared to 76.7% without adaptation. With the more robust AugMix model, we improve the state of the art from 56.5% mCE to 51.0% mCE. Even adapting to a single sample improves robustness for the ResNet-50 and AugMix models, and 32 samples are sufficient to improve the current state of the art for a ResNet-50 architecture. We argue that results with adapted statistics should be included whenever reporting scores in corruption benchmarks and other out-of-distribution generalization settings.      
### 38.Image-level Harmonization of Multi-Site Data using Image-and-Spatial Transformer Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16741.pdf)
>  We investigate the use of image-and-spatial transformer networks (ISTNs) to tackle domain shift in multi-site medical imaging data. Commonly, domain adaptation (DA) is performed with little regard for explainability of the inter-domain transformation and is often conducted at the feature-level in the latent space. We employ ISTNs for DA at the image-level which constrains transformations to explainable appearance and shape changes. As proof-of-concept we demonstrate that ISTNs can be trained adversarially on a classification problem with simulated 2D data. For real-data validation, we construct two 3D brain MRI datasets from the Cam-CAN and UK Biobank studies to investigate domain shift due to acquisition and population differences. We show that age regression and sex classification models trained on ISTN output improve generalization when training on data from one and testing on the other site.      
### 39.Needle tip force estimation by deep learning from raw spectral OCT data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16675.pdf)
>  Purpose. Needle placement is a challenging problem for applications such as biopsy or brachytherapy. Tip force sensing can provide valuable feedback for needle navigation inside the tissue. For this purpose, fiber-optical sensors can be directly integrated into the needle tip. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) can be used to image tissue. Here, we study how to calibrate OCT to sense forces, e.g. during robotic needle placement. <br>Methods. We investigate whether using raw spectral OCT data without a typical image reconstruction can improve a deep learning-based calibration between optical signal and forces. For this purpose, we consider three different needles with a new, more robust design which are calibrated using convolutional neural networks (CNNs). We compare training the CNNs with the raw OCT signal and the reconstructed depth profiles. <br>Results. We find that using raw data as an input for the largest CNN model outperforms the use of reconstructed data with a mean absolute error of 5.81 mN compared to 8.04 mN. <br>Conclusions. We find that deep learning with raw spectral OCT data can improve learning for the task of force estimation. Our needle design and calibration approach constitute a very accurate fiber-optical sensor for measuring forces at the needle tip.      
### 40.BitMix: Data Augmentation for Image Steganalysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16625.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNN) for image steganalysis demonstrate better performances with employing concepts from high-level vision tasks. The major employed concept is to use data augmentation to avoid overfitting due to limited data. To augment data without damaging the message embedding, only rotating multiples of 90 degrees or horizontally flipping are used in steganalysis, which generates eight fixed results from one sample. To overcome this limitation, we propose BitMix, a data augmentation method for spatial image steganalysis. BitMix mixes a cover and stego image pair by swapping the random patch and generates an embedding adaptive label with the ratio of the number of pixels modified in the swapped patch to those in the cover-stego pair. We explore optimal hyperparameters, the ratio of applying BitMix in the mini-batch, and the size of the bounding box for swapping patch. The results reveal that using BitMix improves the performance of spatial image steganalysis and better than other data augmentation methods.      
### 41.A Framework for Learning Invariant Physical Relations in Multimodal Sensory Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16607.pdf)
>  Perceptual learning enables humans to recognize and represent stimuli invariant to various transformations and build a consistent representation of the self and physical world. Such representations preserve the invariant physical relations among the multiple perceived sensory cues. This work is an attempt to exploit these principles in an engineered system. We design a novel neural network architecture capable of learning, in an unsupervised manner, relations among multiple sensory cues. The system combines computational principles, such as competition, cooperation, and correlation, in a neurally plausible computational substrate. It achieves that through a parallel and distributed processing architecture in which the relations among the multiple sensory quantities are extracted from time-sequenced data. We describe the core system functionality when learning arbitrary non-linear relations in low-dimensional sensory data. Here, an initial benefit rises from the fact that such a network can be engineered in a relatively straightforward way without prior information about the sensors and their interactions. Moreover, alleviating the need for tedious modelling and parametrization, the network converges to a consistent description of any arbitrary high-dimensional multisensory setup. We demonstrate this through a real-world learning problem, where, from standard RGB camera frames, the network learns the relations between physical quantities such as light intensity, spatial gradient, and optical flow, describing a visual scene. Overall, the benefits of such a framework lie in the capability to learn non-linear pairwise relations among sensory streams in an architecture that is stable under noise and missing sensor input.      
### 42.Early Exit Or Not: Resource-Efficient Blind Quality Enhancement for Compressed Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16581.pdf)
>  Lossy image compression is pervasively conducted to save communication bandwidth, resulting in undesirable compression artifacts. Recently, extensive approaches have been proposed to reduce image compression artifacts at the decoder side; however, they require a series of architecture-identical models to process images with different quality, which are inefficient and resource-consuming. Besides, it is common in practice that compressed images are with unknown quality and it is intractable for existing approaches to select a suitable model for blind quality enhancement. In this paper, we propose a resource-efficient blind quality enhancement (RBQE) approach for compressed images. Specifically, our approach blindly and progressively enhances the quality of compressed images through a dynamic deep neural network (DNN), in which an early-exit strategy is embedded. Then, our approach can automatically decide to terminate or continue enhancement according to the assessed quality of enhanced images. Consequently, slight artifacts can be removed in a simpler and faster process, while the severe artifacts can be further removed in a more elaborate process. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our RBQE approach achieves state-of-the-art performance in terms of both blind quality enhancement and resource efficiency.      
### 43.Hand-drawn Symbol Recognition of Surgical Flowsheet Graphs with Deep Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16546.pdf)
>  Perioperative data are essential to investigating the causes of adverse surgical outcomes. In some low to middle income countries, these data are computationally inaccessible due to a lack of digitization of surgical flowsheets. In this paper, we present a deep image segmentation approach using a U-Net architecture that can detect hand-drawn symbols on a flowsheet graph. The segmentation mask outputs are post-processed with techniques unique to each symbol to convert into numeric values. The U-Net method can detect, at the appropriate time intervals, the symbols for heart rate and blood pressure with over 99 percent accuracy. Over 95 percent of the predictions fall within an absolute error of five when compared to the actual value. The deep learning model outperformed template matching even with a small size of annotated images available for the training set.      
### 44.Theory-Inspired Path-Regularized Differential Network Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16537.pdf)
>  Despite its high search efficiency, differential architecture search (DARTS) often selects network architectures with dominated skip connections which lead to performance degradation. However, theoretical understandings on this issue remain absent, hindering the development of more advanced methods in a principled way. In this work, we solve this problem by theoretically analyzing the effects of various types of operations, e.g. convolution, skip connection and zero operation, to the network optimization. We prove that the architectures with more skip connections can converge faster than the other candidates, and thus are selected by DARTS. This result, for the first time, theoretically and explicitly reveals the impact of skip connections to fast network optimization and its competitive advantage over other types of operations in DARTS. Then we propose a theory-inspired path-regularized DARTS that consists of two key modules: (i) a differential group-structured sparse binary gate introduced for each operation to avoid unfair competition among operations, and (ii) a path-depth-wise regularization used to incite search exploration for deep architectures that often converge slower than shallow ones as shown in our theory and are not well explored during the search. Experimental results on image classification tasks validate its advantages. Codes and models will be released.      
### 45.Maximum Entropy Models for Fast Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16524.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks have shown great promise on a variety of downstream tasks; but their ability to adapt to new data and tasks remains a challenging problem. The ability of a model to perform few-shot adaptation to a novel task is important for the scalability and deployment of machine learning models. Recent work has shown that the learned features in a neural network follow a normal distribution [41], which thereby results in a strong prior on the downstream task. This implicit overfitting to data from training tasks limits the ability to generalize and adapt to unseen tasks at test time. This also highlights the importance of learning task-agnostic representations from data. In this paper, we propose a regularization scheme using a max-entropy prior on the learned features of a neural network; such that the extracted features make minimal assumptions about the training data. We evaluate our method on adaptation to unseen tasks by performing experiments in 4 distinct settings. We find that our method compares favourably against multiple strong baselines across all of these experiments.      
### 46.Efficient Continuous Pareto Exploration in Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16434.pdf)
>  Tasks in multi-task learning often correlate, conflict, or even compete with each other. As a result, a single solution that is optimal for all tasks rarely exists. Recent papers introduced the concept of Pareto optimality to this field and directly cast multi-task learning as multi-objective optimization problems, but solutions returned by existing methods are typically finite, sparse, and discrete. We present a novel, efficient method that generates locally continuous Pareto sets and Pareto fronts, which opens up the possibility of continuous analysis of Pareto optimal solutions in machine learning problems. We scale up theoretical results in multi-objective optimization to modern machine learning problems by proposing a sample-based sparse linear system, for which standard Hessian-free solvers in machine learning can be applied. We compare our method to the state-of-the-art algorithms and demonstrate its usage of analyzing local Pareto sets on various multi-task classification and regression problems. The experimental results confirm that our algorithm reveals the primary directions in local Pareto sets for trade-off balancing, finds more solutions with different trade-offs efficiently, and scales well to tasks with millions of parameters.      
### 47.Biologically Inspired Mechanisms for Adversarial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16427.pdf)
>  A convolutional neural network strongly robust to adversarial perturbations at reasonable computational and performance cost has not yet been demonstrated. The primate visual ventral stream seems to be robust to small perturbations in visual stimuli but the underlying mechanisms that give rise to this robust perception are not understood. In this work, we investigate the role of two biologically plausible mechanisms in adversarial robustness. We demonstrate that the non-uniform sampling performed by the primate retina and the presence of multiple receptive fields with a range of receptive field sizes at each eccentricity improve the robustness of neural networks to small adversarial perturbations. We verify that these two mechanisms do not suffer from gradient obfuscation and study their contribution to adversarial robustness through ablation studies.      
### 48.Scaling Symbolic Methods using Gradients for Neural Model Explanation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.16322.pdf)
>  Symbolic techniques based on Satisfiability Modulo Theory (SMT) solvers have been proposed for analyzing and verifying neural network properties, but their usage has been fairly limited owing to their poor scalability with larger networks. In this work, we propose a technique for combining gradient-based methods with symbolic techniques to scale such analyses and demonstrate its application for model explanation. In particular, we apply this technique to identify minimal regions in an input that are most relevant for a neural network's prediction. Our approach uses gradient information (based on Integrated Gradients) to focus on a subset of neurons in the first layer, which allows our technique to scale to large networks. The corresponding SMT constraints encode the minimal input mask discovery problem such that after masking the input, the activations of the selected neurons are still above a threshold. After solving for the minimal masks, our approach scores the mask regions to generate a relative ordering of the features within the mask. This produces a saliency map which explains "where a model is looking" when making a prediction. We evaluate our technique on three datasets - MNIST, ImageNet, and Beer Reviews, and demonstrate both quantitatively and qualitatively that the regions generated by our approach are sparser and achieve higher saliency scores compared to the gradient-based methods alone.      
