# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 30 Jul 2020
### 1.Simultaneously Learning Corrections and Error Models for Geometry-based Visual Odometry Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14943.pdf)
>  This paper fosters the idea that deep learning methods can be used to complement classical visual odometry pipelines to improve their accuracy and to associate uncertainty models to their estimations. We show that the biases inherent to the visual odometry process can be faithfully learned and compensated for, and that a learning architecture associated with a probabilistic loss function can jointly estimate a full covariance matrix of the residual errors, defining an error model capturing the heteroscedasticity of the process. Experiments on autonomous driving image sequences assess the possibility to concurrently improve visual odometry and estimate an error associated with its outputs.      
### 2.Learning Video Representations from Textual Web Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14937.pdf)
>  Videos found on the Internet are paired with pieces of text, such as titles and descriptions. This text typically describes the most important content in the video, such as the objects in the scene and the actions being performed. Based on this observation, we propose to use such text as a method for learning video representations. To accomplish this, we propose a data collection process and use it to collect 70M video clips shared publicly on the Internet, and we then train a model to pair each video with its associated text. We fine-tune the model on several down-stream action recognition tasks, including Kinetics, HMDB-51, and UCF-101. We find that this approach is an effective method of pretraining video representations. Specifically, it leads to improvements over from-scratch training on all benchmarks, outperforms many methods for self-supervised and webly-supervised video representation learning, and achieves an improvement of 2.2% accuracy on HMDB-51.      
### 3.Dynamic Character Graph via Online Face Clustering for Movie Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14913.pdf)
>  An effective approach to automated movie content analysis involves building a network (graph) of its characters. Existing work usually builds a static character graph to summarize the content using metadata, scripts or manual annotations. We propose an unsupervised approach to building a dynamic character graph that captures the temporal evolution of character interaction. We refer to this as the character interaction graph(CIG). Our approach has two components:(i) an online face clustering algorithm that discovers the characters in the video stream as they appear, and (ii) simultaneous creation of a CIG using the temporal dynamics of the resulting clusters. We demonstrate the usefulness of the CIG for two movie analysis tasks: narrative structure (acts) segmentation, and major character retrieval. Our evaluation on full-length movies containing more than 5000 face tracks shows that the proposed approach achieves superior performance for both the tasks.      
### 4.Linear Attention Mechanism: An Efficient Attention for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14902.pdf)
>  In this paper, to remedy this deficiency, we propose a Linear Attention Mechanism which is approximate to dot-product attention with much less memory and computational costs. The efficient design makes the incorporation between attention mechanisms and neural networks more flexible and versatile. Experiments conducted on semantic segmentation demonstrated the effectiveness of linear attention mechanism. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lironui/Linear-Attention-Mechanism" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.MessyTable: Instance Association in Multiple Camera Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14878.pdf)
>  We present an interesting and challenging dataset that features a large number of scenes with messy tables captured from multiple camera views. Each scene in this dataset is highly complex, containing multiple object instances that could be identical, stacked and occluded by other instances. The key challenge is to associate all instances given the RGB image of all views. The seemingly simple task surprisingly fails many popular methods or heuristics that we assume good performance in object association. The dataset challenges existing methods in mining subtle appearance differences, reasoning based on contexts, and fusing appearance with geometric cues for establishing an association. We report interesting findings with some popular baselines, and discuss how this dataset could help inspire new problems and catalyse more robust formulations to tackle real-world instance association problems. Project page: $\href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://caizhongang.github.io/projects/MessyTable/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{\text{MessyTable}}$      
### 6.Spatio-temporal Consistency to Detect Potential Aedes aegypti Breeding Grounds in Aerial Video Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14863.pdf)
>  Every year, the \textit{Aedes aegypti} mosquito infects thousands of people with diseases such as dengue, zika, chikungunya, and urban yellow fever. The main form to combat these diseases is to avoid the transmitter reproduction by searching and eliminating the potential mosquito breeding grounds. In this work, we introduce a comprehensive database of aerial videos recorded with a drone, where all objects of interest are identified by their respective bounding boxes, and describe an object detection system based on deep neural networks. We track the objects by employing phase correlation to obtain the spatial alignment between them along the video frames. By doing so, we are capable of registering the detected objects, minimizing false positives and correcting most false negatives. Using the ResNet-101-FPN as a backbone, it is possible to obtain 0.78 in terms of \textit{F1-score} on the proposed dataset.      
### 7.Difficulty-aware Glaucoma Classification with Multi-Rater Consensus Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14848.pdf)
>  Medical images are generally labeled by multiple experts before the final ground-truth labels are determined. Consensus or disagreement among experts regarding individual images reflects the gradeability and difficulty levels of the image. However, when being used for model training, only the final ground-truth label is utilized, while the critical information contained in the raw multi-rater gradings regarding the image being an easy/hard case is discarded. In this paper, we aim to take advantage of the raw multi-rater gradings to improve the deep learning model performance for the glaucoma classification task. Specifically, a multi-branch model structure is proposed to predict the most sensitive, most specifical and a balanced fused result for the input images. In order to encourage the sensitivity branch and specificity branch to generate consistent results for consensus labels and opposite results for disagreement labels, a consensus loss is proposed to constrain the output of the two branches. Meanwhile, the consistency/inconsistency between the prediction results of the two branches implies the image being an easy/hard case, which is further utilized to encourage the balanced fusion branch to concentrate more on the hard cases. Compared with models trained only with the final ground-truth labels, the proposed method using multi-rater consensus information has achieved superior performance, and it is also able to estimate the difficulty levels of individual input images when making the prediction.      
### 8.What My Motion tells me about Your Pose: Self-Supervised Fine-Tuning of Observed Vehicle Orientation Angle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14812.pdf)
>  The determination of the relative 6 Degree of Freedom (DoF) pose of vehicles around the ego-vehicle from monocular cameras is an important aspect of the perception problem for Autonomous Vehicles (AVs) and Driver Assist Technology (DAT). Current deep learning techniques used for tackling this problem are data hungry, driving the need for unsupervised or self-supervised methods. In this paper, we consider the domain adaptation task of fine-tuning a vehicle orientation estimator on a new domain without labels. By leveraging the ego-motion consistencies obtained from a monocular SLAM method, we show that our self-supervised fine-tuning scheme consistently improves the accuracy of the resulting network. More specifically, when transitioning from Virtual Kitti to nuScenes, up to 70% of the performance is recovered compared to the 100% of a supervised method. Our self-supervised method hence allows us to safely transfer vehicle orientation estimators to new domains without requiring expensive new labels.      
### 9.Face2Face: Real-time Face Capture and Reenactment of RGB Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14808.pdf)
>  We present Face2Face, a novel approach for real-time facial reenactment of a monocular target video sequence (e.g., Youtube video). The source sequence is also a monocular video stream, captured live with a commodity webcam. Our goal is to animate the facial expressions of the target video by a source actor and re-render the manipulated output video in a photo-realistic fashion. To this end, we first address the under-constrained problem of facial identity recovery from monocular video by non-rigid model-based bundling. At run time, we track facial expressions of both source and target video using a dense photometric consistency measure. Reenactment is then achieved by fast and efficient deformation transfer between source and target. The mouth interior that best matches the re-targeted expression is retrieved from the target sequence and warped to produce an accurate fit. Finally, we convincingly re-render the synthesized target face on top of the corresponding video stream such that it seamlessly blends with the real-world illumination. We demonstrate our method in a live setup, where Youtube videos are reenacted in real time.      
### 10.SipMask: Spatial Information Preservation for Fast Image and Video Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14772.pdf)
>  Single-stage instance segmentation approaches have recently gained popularity due to their speed and simplicity, but are still lagging behind in accuracy, compared to two-stage methods. We propose a fast single-stage instance segmentation method, called SipMask, that preserves instance-specific spatial information by separating mask prediction of an instance to different sub-regions of a detected bounding-box. Our main contribution is a novel light-weight spatial preservation (SP) module that generates a separate set of spatial coefficients for each sub-region within a bounding-box, leading to improved mask predictions. It also enables accurate delineation of spatially adjacent instances. Further, we introduce a mask alignment weighting loss and a feature alignment scheme to better correlate mask prediction with object detection. On COCO test-dev, our SipMask outperforms the existing single-stage methods. Compared to the state-of-the-art single-stage TensorMask, SipMask obtains an absolute gain of 1.0% (mask AP), while providing a four-fold speedup. In terms of real-time capabilities, SipMask outperforms YOLACT with an absolute gain of 3.0% (mask AP) under similar settings, while operating at comparable speed on a Titan Xp. We also evaluate our SipMask for real-time video instance segmentation, achieving promising results on YouTube-VIS dataset. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JialeCao001/SipMask" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Dynamic GCN: Context-enriched Topology Learning for Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14690.pdf)
>  Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) have attracted increasing interests for the task of skeleton-based action recognition. The key lies in the design of the graph structure, which encodes skeleton topology information. In this paper, we propose Dynamic GCN, in which a novel convolutional neural network named Contextencoding Network (CeN) is introduced to learn skeleton topology automatically. In particular, when learning the dependency between two joints, contextual features from the rest joints are incorporated in a global manner. CeN is extremely lightweight yet effective, and can be embedded into a graph convolutional layer. By stacking multiple CeN-enabled graph convolutional layers, we build Dynamic GCN. Notably, as a merit of CeN, dynamic graph topologies are constructed for different input samples as well as graph convolutional layers of various depths. Besides, three alternative context modeling architectures are well explored, which may serve as a guideline for future research on graph topology learning. CeN brings only ~7% extra FLOPs for the baseline model, and Dynamic GCN achieves better performance with $2\times$~$4\times$ fewer FLOPs than existing methods. By further combining static physical body connections and motion modalities, we achieve state-of-the-art performance on three large-scale benchmarks, namely NTU-RGB+D, NTU-RGB+D 120 and Skeleton-Kinetics.      
### 12.Enriching Video Captions With Contextual Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14682.pdf)
>  Understanding video content and generating caption with context is an important and challenging task. Unlike prior methods that typically attempt to generate generic video captions without context, our architecture contextualizes captioning by infusing extracted information from relevant text data. We propose an end-to-end sequence-to-sequence model which generates video captions based on visual input, and mines relevant knowledge such as names and locations from contextual text. In contrast to previous approaches, we do not preprocess the text further, and let the model directly learn to attend over it. Guided by the visual input, the model is able to copy words from the contextual text via a pointer-generator network, allowing to produce more specific video captions. We show competitive performance on the News Video Dataset and, through ablation studies, validate the efficacy of contextual video captioning as well as individual design choices in our model architecture.      
### 13.Stylized Adversarial Defense  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14672.pdf)
>  Deep Convolution Neural Networks (CNNs) can easily be fooled by subtle, imperceptible changes to the input images. To address this vulnerability, adversarial training creates perturbation patterns and includes them in the training set to robustify the model. In contrast to existing adversarial training methods that only use class-boundary information (e.g., using a cross entropy loss), we propose to exploit additional information from the feature space to craft stronger adversaries that are in turn used to learn a robust model. Specifically, we use the style and content information of the target sample from another class, alongside its class boundary information to create adversarial perturbations. We apply our proposed multi-task objective in a deeply supervised manner, extracting multi-scale feature knowledge to create maximally separating adversaries. Subsequently, we propose a max-margin adversarial training approach that minimizes the distance between source image and its adversary and maximizes the distance between the adversary and the target image. Our adversarial training approach demonstrates strong robustness compared to state of the art defenses, generalizes well to naturally occurring corruptions and data distributional shifts, and retains the model accuracy on clean examples.      
### 14.Meta-Learning with Context-Agnostic Initialisations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14658.pdf)
>  Meta-learning approaches have addressed few-shot problems by finding initialisations suited for fine-tuning to target tasks. Often there are additional properties within training data (which we refer to as context), not relevant to the target task, which act as a distractor to meta-learning, particularly when the target task contains examples from a novel context not seen during training. We address this oversight by incorporating a context-adversarial component into the meta-learning process. This produces an initialisation for fine-tuning to target which is both context-agnostic and task-generalised. We evaluate our approach on three commonly used meta-learning algorithms and two problems. We demonstrate our context-agnostic meta-learning improves results in each case. First, we report on Omniglot few-shot character classification, using alphabets as context. An average improvement of 4.3% is observed across methods and tasks when classifying characters from an unseen alphabet. Second, we evaluate on a dataset for personalised energy expenditure predictions from video, using participant knowledge as context. We demonstrate that context-agnostic meta-learning decreases the average mean square error by 30%.      
### 15.Solving the Blind Perspective-n-Point Problem End-To-End With Robust Differentiable Geometric Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14628.pdf)
>  Blind Perspective-n-Point (PnP) is the problem of estimating the position and orientation of a camera relative to a scene, given 2D image points and 3D scene points, without prior knowledge of the 2D-3D correspondences. Solving for pose and correspondences simultaneously is extremely challenging since the search space is very large. Fortunately it is a coupled problem: the pose can be found easily given the correspondences and vice versa. Existing approaches assume that noisy correspondences are provided, that a good pose prior is available, or that the problem size is small. We instead propose the first fully end-to-end trainable network for solving the blind PnP problem efficiently and globally, that is, without the need for pose priors. We make use of recent results in differentiating optimization problems to incorporate geometric model fitting into an end-to-end learning framework, including Sinkhorn, RANSAC and PnP algorithms. Our proposed approach significantly outperforms other methods on synthetic and real data.      
### 16.Deep Multi-Scale Resemblance Network for the Sub-class Differentiation of Adrenal Masses on Computed Tomography Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14625.pdf)
>  Objective: The accurate classification of mass lesions in the adrenal glands ('adrenal masses'), detected with computed tomography (CT), is important for diagnosis and patient management. Adrenal masses can be benign or malignant and the benign masses have varying prevalence. Classification methods based on convolutional neural networks (CNN) are the state-of-the-art in maximizing inter-class differences in large medical imaging training datasets. The application of CNNs, to adrenal masses is challenging due to large intra-class variations, large inter-class similarities and imbalanced training data due to the size of masses. Methods: We developed a deep multi-scale resemblance network (DMRN) to overcome these limitations and leveraged paired CNNs to evaluate the intra-class similarities. We used multi-scale feature embedding to improve the inter-class separability by iteratively combining complementary information produced at different scales of the input to create structured feature descriptors. We also augmented the training data with randomly sampled paired adrenal masses to reduce the influence of imbalanced training data. We used 229 CT scans of patients with adrenal masses. Results: Our method had the best results compared to state-of-the-art methods. Conclusion: Our DMRN sub-classified adrenal masses on CT and was superior to state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 17.Translate the Facial Regions You Like Using Region-Wise Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14615.pdf)
>  Though GAN (Generative Adversarial Networks) based technique has greatly advanced the performance of image synthesis and face translation, only few works available in literature provide region based style encoding and translation. We propose in this paper a region-wise normalization framework, for region level face translation. While per-region style is encoded using available approach, we build a so called RIN (region-wise normalization) block to individually inject the styles into per-region feature maps and then fuse them for following convolution and upsampling. Both shape and texture of different regions can thus be translated to various target styles. A region matching loss has also been proposed to significantly reduce the inference between regions during the translation process. Extensive experiments on three publicly available datasets, i.e. Morph, RaFD and CelebAMask-HQ, suggest that our approach demonstrate a large improvement over state-of-the-art methods like StarGAN, SEAN and FUNIT. Our approach has further advantages in precise control of the regions to be translated. As a result, region level expression changes and step by step make up can be achieved. The video demo is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/ceRqsbzXAfk" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.A SLAM Map Restoration Algorithm Based on Submaps and an Undirected Connected Graph  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14592.pdf)
>  Many visual simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) systems have been shown to be accurate and robust, and have real-time performance capabilities on both indoor and ground datasets. However, these methods can be problematic when dealing with aerial frames captured by a camera mounted on an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) because the flight height of the UAV can be difficult to control and is easily affected by the <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://environment.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> cope with the case of lost tracking, many visual SLAM systems employ a relocalization strategy. This involves the tracking thread continuing the online working by inspecting the connections between the subsequent new frames and the generated map before the tracking was lost. To solve the missing map problem, which is an issue in many applications , after the tracking is lost, based on monocular visual SLAM, we present a method of reconstructing a complete global map of UAV datasets by sequentially merging the submaps via the corresponding undirected connected graph. Specifically, submaps are repeatedly generated, from the initialization process to the place where the tracking is lost, and a corresponding undirected connected graph is built by considering these submaps as nodes and the common map points within two submaps as edges. The common map points are then determined by the bag-of-words (BoW) method, and the submaps are merged if they are found to be connected with the online map in the undirect connected graph. To demonstrate the performance of the proposed method, we first investigated the performance on a UAV dataset, and the experimental results showed that, in the case of several tracking failures, the integrity of the mapping was significantly better than that of the current mainstream SLAM method.      
### 19.Pooling Regularized Graph Neural Network for fMRI Biomarker Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14589.pdf)
>  Understanding how certain brain regions relate to a specific neurological disorder has been an important area of neuroimaging research. A promising approach to identify the salient regions is using Graph Neural Networks (GNNs), which can be used to analyze graph structured data, e.g. brain networks constructed by functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). We propose an interpretable GNN framework with a novel salient region selection mechanism to determine neurological brain biomarkers associated with disorders. Specifically, we design novel regularized pooling layers that highlight salient regions of interests (ROIs) so that we can infer which ROIs are important to identify a certain disease based on the node pooling scores calculated by the pooling layers. Our proposed framework, Pooling Regularized-GNN (PR-GNN), encourages reasonable ROI-selection and provides flexibility to preserve either individual- or group-level patterns. We apply the PR-GNN framework on a Biopoint Autism Spectral Disorder (ASD) fMRI dataset. We investigate different choices of the hyperparameters and show that PR-GNN outperforms baseline methods in terms of classification accuracy. The salient ROI detection results show high correspondence with the previous neuroimaging-derived biomarkers for ASD.      
### 20.Composer Style Classification of Piano Sheet Music Images Using Language Model Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14587.pdf)
>  This paper studies composer style classification of piano sheet music images. Previous approaches to the composer classification task have been limited by a scarcity of data. We address this issue in two ways: (1) we recast the problem to be based on raw sheet music images rather than a symbolic music format, and (2) we propose an approach that can be trained on unlabeled data. Our approach first converts the sheet music image into a sequence of musical "words" based on the bootleg feature representation, and then feeds the sequence into a text classifier. We show that it is possible to significantly improve classifier performance by first training a language model on a set of unlabeled data, initializing the classifier with the pretrained language model weights, and then finetuning the classifier on a small amount of labeled data. We train AWD-LSTM, GPT-2, and RoBERTa language models on all piano sheet music images in IMSLP. We find that transformer-based architectures outperform CNN and LSTM models, and pretraining boosts classification accuracy for the GPT-2 model from 46\% to 70\% on a 9-way classification task. The trained model can also be used as a feature extractor that projects piano sheet music into a feature space that characterizes compositional style.      
### 21.Camera-Based Piano Sheet Music Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14579.pdf)
>  This paper presents a method for large-scale retrieval of piano sheet music images. Our work differs from previous studies on sheet music retrieval in two ways. First, we investigate the problem at a much larger scale than previous studies, using all solo piano sheet music images in the entire IMSLP dataset as a searchable database. Second, we use cell phone images of sheet music as our input queries, which lends itself to a practical, user-facing application. We show that a previously proposed fingerprinting method for sheet music retrieval is far too slow for a real-time application, and we diagnose its shortcomings. We propose a novel hashing scheme called dynamic n-gram fingerprinting that significantly reduces runtime while simultaneously boosting retrieval accuracy. In experiments on IMSLP data, our proposed method achieves a mean reciprocal rank of 0.85 and an average runtime of 0.98 seconds per query.      
### 22.Realistic Video Summarization through VISIOCITY: A New Benchmark and Evaluation Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14560.pdf)
>  Automatic video summarization is still an unsolved problem due to several challenges. We take steps towards making automatic video summarization more realistic by addressing them. Firstly, the currently available datasets either have very short videos or have few long videos of only a particular type. We introduce a new benchmarking dataset VISIOCITY which comprises of longer videos across six different categories with dense concept annotations capable of supporting different flavors of video summarization and can be used for other vision problems. Secondly, for long videos, human reference summaries are difficult to obtain. We present a novel recipe based on pareto optimality to automatically generate multiple reference summaries from indirect ground truth present in VISIOCITY. We show that these summaries are at par with human summaries. Thirdly, we demonstrate that in the presence of multiple ground truth summaries (due to the highly subjective nature of the task), learning from a single combined ground truth summary using a single loss function is not a good idea. We propose a simple recipe VISIOCITY-SUM to enhance an existing model using a combination of losses and demonstrate that it beats the current state of the art techniques when tested on VISIOCITY. We also show that a single measure to evaluate a summary, as is the current typical practice, falls short. We propose a framework for better quantitative assessment of summary quality which is closer to human judgment than a single measure, say F1. We report the performance of a few representative techniques of video summarization on VISIOCITY assessed using various measures and bring out the limitation of the techniques and/or the assessment mechanism in modeling human judgment and demonstrate the effectiveness of our evaluation framework in doing so.      
### 23.BiTraP: Bi-directional Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction with Multi-modal Goal Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14558.pdf)
>  Pedestrian trajectory prediction is an essential task in robotic applications such as autonomous driving and robot navigation. State-of-the-art trajectory predictors use a conditional variational autoencoder (CVAE) with recurrent neural networks (RNNs) to encode observed trajectories and decode multi-modal future trajectories. This process can suffer from accumulated errors over long prediction horizons (&gt;=2 seconds). This paper presents BiTraP, a goal-conditioned bi-directional multi-modal trajectory prediction method based on the CVAE. BiTraP estimates the goal (end-point) of trajectories and introduces a novel bi-directional decoder to improve longer-term trajectory prediction accuracy. Extensive experiments show that BiTraP generalizes to both first-person view (FPV) and bird's-eye view (BEV) scenarios and outperforms state-of-the-art results by ~10-50%. We also show that different choices of non-parametric versus parametric target models in the CVAE directly influence the predicted multi-modal trajectory distributions. These results provide guidance on trajectory predictor design for robotic applications such as collision avoidance and navigation systems.      
### 24.Chained-Tracker: Chaining Paired Attentive Regression Results for End-to-End Joint Multiple-Object Detection and Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14557.pdf)
>  Existing Multiple-Object Tracking (MOT) methods either follow the tracking-by-detection paradigm to conduct object detection, feature extraction and data association separately, or have two of the three subtasks integrated to form a partially end-to-end solution. Going beyond these sub-optimal frameworks, we propose a simple online model named Chained-Tracker (CTracker), which naturally integrates all the three subtasks into an end-to-end solution (the first as far as we know). It chains paired bounding boxes regression results estimated from overlapping nodes, of which each node covers two adjacent frames. The paired regression is made attentive by object-attention (brought by a detection module) and identity-attention (ensured by an ID verification module). The two major novelties: chained structure and paired attentive regression, make CTracker simple, fast and effective, setting new MOTA records on MOT16 and MOT17 challenge datasets (67.6 and 66.6, respectively), without relying on any extra training data. The source code of CTracker can be found at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/pjl1995/CTracker" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 25.Compare and Select: Video Summarization with Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14552.pdf)
>  Video summarization aims at generating concise video summaries from the lengthy videos, to achieve better user watching experience. Due to the subjectivity, purely supervised methods for video summarization may bring the inherent errors from the annotations. To solve the subjectivity problem, we study the general user summarization process. General users usually watch the whole video, compare interesting clips and select some clips to form a final summary. Inspired by the general user behaviours, we formulate the summarization process as multiple sequential decision-making processes, and propose Comparison-Selection Network (CoSNet) based on multi-agent reinforcement learning. Each agent focuses on a video clip and constantly changes its focus during the iterations, and the final focus clips of all agents form the summary. The comparison network provides the agent with the visual feature from clips and the chronological feature from the past round, while the selection network of the agent makes decisions on the change of its focus clip. The specially designed unsupervised reward and supervised reward together contribute to the policy advancement, each containing local and global parts. Extensive experiments on two benchmark datasets show that CoSNet outperforms state-of-the-art unsupervised methods with the unsupervised reward and surpasses most supervised methods with the complete reward.      
### 26.Online Visual Place Recognition via Saliency Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14549.pdf)
>  As an essential component of visual simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM), place recognition is crucial for robot navigation and autonomous driving. Existing methods often formulate visual place recognition as feature matching, which is computationally expensive for many robotic applications with limited computing power, e.g., autonomous driving and cleaning robot. Inspired by the fact that human beings always recognize a place by remembering salient regions or landmarks that are more attractive or interesting than others, we formulate visual place recognition as saliency re-identification. In the meanwhile, we propose to perform both saliency detection and re-identification in frequency domain, in which all operations become element-wise. The experiments show that our proposed method achieves competitive accuracy and much higher speed than the state-of-the-art feature-based methods. The proposed method is open-sourced and available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wh200720041/SRLCD.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.A Deep Learning Framework for Generation and Analysis of Driving Scenario Trajectories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14524.pdf)
>  We propose a unified deep learning framework for generation and analysis of driving scenario trajectories, and validate its effectiveness in a principled way. In order to model and generate scenarios of trajectories with different length, we develop two approaches. First, we adapt the Recurrent Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (RC-GAN) by conditioning on the length of the trajectories. This provides us flexibility to generate variable-length driving trajectories, a desirable feature for scenario test case generation in the verification of self-driving cars. Second, we develop an architecture based on Recurrent Autoencoder with GANs in order to obviate the variable length issue, wherein we train a GAN to learn/generate the latent representations of original trajectories. In this approach, we train an integrated feed-forward neural network to estimate the length of the trajectories to be able to bring them back from the latent space representation. In addition to trajectory generation, we employ the trained autoencoder as a feature extractor, for the purpose of clustering and anomaly detection, in order to obtain further insights on the collected scenario dataset. We experimentally investigate the performance of the proposed framework on real-world scenario trajectories obtained from in-field data collection.      
### 28.$S^3$Net: Semantic-Aware Self-supervised Depth Estimation with Monocular Videos and Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14511.pdf)
>  Solving depth estimation with monocular cameras enables the possibility of widespread use of cameras as low-cost depth estimation sensors in applications such as autonomous driving and robotics. However, learning such a scalable depth estimation model would require a lot of labeled data which is expensive to collect. There are two popular existing approaches which do not require annotated depth maps: (i) using labeled synthetic and unlabeled real data in an adversarial framework to predict more accurate depth, and (ii) unsupervised models which exploit geometric structure across space and time in monocular video frames. Ideally, we would like to leverage features provided by both approaches as they complement each other; however, existing methods do not adequately exploit these additive benefits. We present $S^3$Net, a self-supervised framework which combines these complementary features: we use synthetic and real-world images for training while exploiting geometric, temporal, as well as semantic constraints. Our novel consolidated architecture provides a new state-of-the-art in self-supervised depth estimation using monocular videos. We present a unique way to train this self-supervised framework, and achieve (i) more than $15\%$ improvement over previous synthetic supervised approaches that use domain adaptation and (ii) more than $10\%$ improvement over previous self-supervised approaches which exploit geometric constraints from the real data.      
### 29.Families In Wild Multimedia (FIW-MM): A Multi-Modal Database for Recognizing Kinship  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14509.pdf)
>  Recognizing kinship - a soft biometric with vast applications - in photos has piqued the interest of many machine vision researchers. The large-scale Families In the Wild (FIW) database promoted the problem by supporting annual kinship-based vision challenges that saw consistent performance improvements. We have now begun to approach performance levels for image-based systems acceptable for practical use - something unforeseeable a decade ago. However, biometric systems can benefit from multi-modal perspectives, as information contained in multimedia can add to and complement that of still images. Thus, we aim to narrow the gap from research-to-reality by extending FIW with multimedia data (i.e., video, audio, and contextual transcripts). Specifically, we introduce the first large-scale dataset for recognizing kinship in multimedia, the FIW in Multimedia (FIW-MM) database. We utilize automated machinery to collect, annotate, and prepare the data with minimal human input and no financial cost. This large-scale, multimedia corpus allows problem formulations to follow more realistic template-based protocols. We show significant improvements in benchmarks for multiple kin-based tasks when additional media-types are added. Experiments provide insights by highlighting edge cases to inspire future research and areas of improvement. Emphasis is put on short and long-term research directions, with the overarching intent to increase the potential of systems built to automatically detect kinship in multimedia. Furthermore, we expect a broader range of researchers with recognition tasks, generative modeling, speech understanding, and nature-based narratives.      
### 30.Unsupervised Learning of Particle Image Velocimetry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14487.pdf)
>  Particle Image Velocimetry (PIV) is a classical flow estimation problem which is widely considered and utilised, especially as a diagnostic tool in experimental fluid dynamics and the remote sensing of environmental flows. Recently, the development of deep learning based methods has inspired new approaches to tackle the PIV problem. These supervised learning based methods are driven by large volumes of data with ground truth training information. However, it is difficult to collect reliable ground truth data in large-scale, real-world scenarios. Although synthetic datasets can be used as alternatives, the gap between the training set-ups and real-world scenarios limits applicability. We present here what we believe to be the first work which takes an unsupervised learning based approach to tackle PIV problems. The proposed approach is inspired by classic optical flow methods. Instead of using ground truth data, we make use of photometric loss between two consecutive image frames, consistency loss in bidirectional flow estimates and spatial smoothness loss to construct the total unsupervised loss function. The approach shows significant potential and advantages for fluid flow estimation. Results presented here demonstrate that our method outputs competitive results compared with classical PIV methods as well as supervised learning based methods for a broad PIV dataset, and even outperforms these existing approaches in some difficult flow cases. Codes and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/erizmr/UnLiteFlowNet-PIV" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Color-complexity enabled exhaustive color-dots identification and spatial patterns testing in images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14485.pdf)
>  Targeted color-dots with varying shapes and sizes in images are first exhaustively identified, and then their multiscale 2D geometric patterns are extracted for testing spatial uniformness in a progressive fashion. Based on color theory in physics, we develop a new color-identification algorithm relying on highly associative relations among the three color-coordinates: RGB or HSV. Such high associations critically imply low color-complexity of a color image, and renders potentials of exhaustive identification of targeted color-dots of all shapes and sizes. Via heterogeneous shaded regions and lighting conditions, our algorithm is shown being robust, practical and efficient comparing with the popular Contour and OpenCV approaches. Upon all identified color-pixels, we form color-dots as individually connected networks with shapes and sizes. We construct minimum spanning trees (MST) as spatial geometries of dot-collectives of various size-scales. Given a size-scale, the distribution of distances between immediate neighbors in the observed MST is extracted, so do many simulated MSTs under the spatial uniformness assumption. We devise a new algorithm for testing 2D spatial uniformness based on a Hierarchical clustering tree upon all involving MSTs. Our developments are illustrated on images obtained by mimicking chemical spraying via drone in Precision Agriculture.      
### 32.Automated Intracranial Artery Labeling using a Graph Neural Network and Hierarchical Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14472.pdf)
>  Automatically labeling intracranial arteries (ICA) with their anatomical names is beneficial for feature extraction and detailed analysis of intracranial vascular structures. There are significant variations in the ICA due to natural and pathological causes, making it challenging for automated labeling. However, the existing public dataset for evaluation of anatomical labeling is limited. We construct a comprehensive dataset with 729 Magnetic Resonance Angiography scans and propose a Graph Neural Network (GNN) method to label arteries by classifying types of nodes and edges in an attributed relational graph. In addition, a hierarchical refinement framework is developed for further improving the GNN outputs to incorporate structural and relational knowledge about the ICA. Our method achieved a node labeling accuracy of 97.5%, and 63.8% of scans were correctly labeled for all Circle of Willis nodes, on a testing set of 105 scans with both healthy and diseased subjects. This is a significant improvement over available state-of-the-art methods. Automatic artery labeling is promising to minimize manual effort in characterizing the complicated ICA networks and provides valuable information for the identification of geometric risk factors of vascular disease. Our code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/clatfd/GNN-ARTLABEL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Towards 3D Visualization of Video from Frames  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14465.pdf)
>  We explain theoretically how to reconstruct the 3D scene from successive frames in order to see the video in 3D. To do this, features, associated to moving rigid objects in 3D, are extracted in frames and matched. The vanishing point computed in frame corresponding to the direction of moving object is used for 3D positioning of the 3D structure of the moving object. First experiments are conducted and the obtained results are shown and publicly available. They demonstrate the feasibility of our method. We conclude this paper by future works in order to improve this method tacking into account non-rigid objects and the case of moving camera.      
### 34.Learning from Scale-Invariant Examples for Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14449.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning approaches for unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) of semantic segmentation models suffer from challenges of predicting and selecting reasonable good quality pseudo labels. In this paper, we propose a novel approach of exploiting scale-invariance property of the semantic segmentation model for self-supervised domain adaptation. Our algorithm is based on a reasonable assumption that, in general, regardless of the size of the object and stuff (given context) the semantic labeling should be unchanged. We show that this constraint is violated over the images of the target domain, and hence could be used to transfer labels in-between differently scaled patches. Specifically, we show that semantic segmentation model produces output with high entropy when presented with scaled-up patches of target domain, in comparison to when presented original size images. These scale-invariant examples are extracted from the most confident images of the target domain. Dynamic class specific entropy thresholding mechanism is presented to filter out unreliable pseudo-labels. Furthermore, we also incorporate the focal loss to tackle the problem of class imbalance in self-supervised learning. Extensive experiments have been performed, and results indicate that exploiting the scale-invariant labeling, we outperform existing self-supervised based state-of-the-art domain adaptation methods. Specifically, we achieve 1.3% and 3.8% of lead for GTA5 to Cityscapes and SYNTHIA to Cityscapes with VGG16-FCN8 baseline network.      
### 35.Cassandra: Detecting Trojaned Networks from Adversarial Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14433.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are being widely deployed for many critical tasks due to their high classification accuracy. In many cases, pre-trained models are sourced from vendors who may have disrupted the training pipeline to insert Trojan behaviors into the models. These malicious behaviors can be triggered at the adversary's will and hence, cause a serious threat to the widespread deployment of deep models. We propose a method to verify if a pre-trained model is Trojaned or benign. Our method captures fingerprints of neural networks in the form of adversarial perturbations learned from the network gradients. Inserting backdoors into a network alters its decision boundaries which are effectively encoded in their adversarial perturbations. We train a two stream network for Trojan detection from its global ($L_\infty$ and $L_2$ bounded) perturbations and the localized region of high energy within each perturbation. The former encodes decision boundaries of the network and latter encodes the unknown trigger shape. We also propose an anomaly detection method to identify the target class in a Trojaned network. Our methods are invariant to the trigger type, trigger size, training data and network architecture. We evaluate our methods on MNIST, NIST-Round0 and NIST-Round1 datasets, with up to 1,000 pre-trained models making this the largest study to date on Trojaned network detection, and achieve over 92\% detection accuracy to set the new state-of-the-art.      
### 36.A Convolutional Neural Network for gaze preference detection: A potential tool for diagnostics of autism spectrum disorder in children  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14432.pdf)
>  Early diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is known to improve the quality of life of affected individuals. However, diagnosis is often delayed even in wealthier countries including the US, largely due to the fact that gold standard diagnostic tools such as the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule (ADOS) and the Autism Diagnostic Interview-Revised (ADI-R) are time consuming and require expertise to administer. This trend is even more pronounced lower resources settings due to a lack of trained experts. As a result, alternative, less technical methods that leverage the unique ways in which children with ASD react to visual stimulation in a controlled environment have been developed to help facilitate early diagnosis. Previous studies have shown that, when exposed to a video that presents both social and abstract scenes side by side, a child with ASD will focus their attention towards the abstract images on the screen to a greater extent than a child without ASD. Such differential responses make it possible to implement an algorithm for the rapid diagnosis of ASD based on eye tracking against different visual stimuli. Here we propose a convolutional neural network (CNN) algorithm for gaze prediction using images extracted from a one-minute stimulus video. Our model achieved a high accuracy rate and robustness for prediction of gaze direction with independent persons and employing a different camera than the one used during testing. In addition to this, the proposed algorithm achieves a fast response time, providing a near real-time evaluation of ASD. Thereby, by applying the proposed method, we could significantly reduce the diagnosis time and facilitate the diagnosis of ASD in low resource regions.      
### 37.AiR: Attention with Reasoning Capability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14419.pdf)
>  While attention has been an increasingly popular component in deep neural networks to both interpret and boost performance of models, little work has examined how attention progresses to accomplish a task and whether it is reasonable. In this work, we propose an Attention with Reasoning capability (AiR) framework that uses attention to understand and improve the process leading to task outcomes. We first define an evaluation metric based on a sequence of atomic reasoning operations, enabling quantitative measurement of attention that considers the reasoning process. We then collect human eye-tracking and answer correctness data, and analyze various machine and human attentions on their reasoning capability and how they impact task performance. Furthermore, we propose a supervision method to jointly and progressively optimize attention, reasoning, and task performance so that models learn to look at regions of interests by following a reasoning process. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework in analyzing and modeling attention with better reasoning capability and task performance. The code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/szzexpoi/AiR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 38.Neural Network-based Reconstruction in Compressed Sensing MRI Without Fully-sampled Training Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14979.pdf)
>  Compressed Sensing MRI (CS-MRI) has shown promise in reconstructing under-sampled MR images, offering the potential to reduce scan times. Classical techniques minimize a regularized least-squares cost function using an expensive iterative optimization procedure. Recently, deep learning models have been developed that model the iterative nature of classical techniques by unrolling iterations in a neural network. While exhibiting superior performance, these methods require large quantities of ground-truth images and have shown to be non-robust to unseen data. In this paper, we explore a novel strategy to train an unrolled reconstruction network in an unsupervised fashion by adopting a loss function widely-used in classical optimization schemes. We demonstrate that this strategy achieves lower loss and is computationally cheap compared to classical optimization solvers while also exhibiting superior robustness compared to supervised models. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/alanqrwang/HQSNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Advancing Visual Specification of Code Requirements for Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14958.pdf)
>  Researchers in the humanities are among the many who are now exploring the world of big data. They have begun to use programming languages like Python or R and their corresponding libraries to manipulate large data sets and discover brand new insights. One of the major hurdles that still exists is incorporating visualizations of this data into their projects. Visualization libraries can be difficult to learn how to use, even for those with formal training. Yet these visualizations are crucial for recognizing themes and communicating results to not only other researchers, but also the general public. This paper focuses on producing meaningful visualizations of data using machine learning. We allow the user to visually specify their code requirements in order to lower the barrier for humanities researchers to learn how to program visualizations. We use a hybrid model, combining a neural network and optical character recognition to generate the code to create the visualization.      
### 40.Force myography benchmark data for hand gesture recognition and transfer learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14918.pdf)
>  Force myography has recently gained increasing attention for hand gesture recognition tasks. However, there is a lack of publicly available benchmark data, with most existing studies collecting their own data often with custom hardware and for varying sets of gestures. This limits the ability to compare various algorithms, as well as the possibility for research to be done without first needing to collect data oneself. We contribute to the advancement of this field by making accessible a benchmark dataset collected using a commercially available sensor setup from 20 persons covering 18 unique gestures, in the hope of allowing further comparison of results as well as easier entry into this field of research. We illustrate one use-case for such data, showing how we can improve gesture recognition accuracy by utilising transfer learning to incorporate data from multiple other persons. This also illustrates that the dataset can serve as a benchmark dataset to facilitate research on transfer learning algorithms.      
### 41.Reliable Tuberculosis Detection using Chest X-ray with Deep Learning, Segmentation and Visualization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14895.pdf)
>  Tuberculosis (TB) is a chronic lung disease that occurs due to bacterial infection and is one of the top 10 leading causes of death. Accurate and early detection of TB is very important, otherwise, it could be life-threatening. In this work, we have detected TB reliably from the chest X-ray images using image pre-processing, data augmentation, image segmentation, and deep-learning classification techniques. Several public databases were used to create a database of 700 TB infected and 3500 normal chest X-ray images for this study. Nine different deep CNNs (ResNet18, ResNet50, ResNet101, ChexNet, InceptionV3, Vgg19, DenseNet201, SqueezeNet, and MobileNet), which were used for transfer learning from their pre-trained initial weights and trained, validated and tested for classifying TB and non-TB normal cases. Three different experiments were carried out in this work: segmentation of X-ray images using two different U-net models, classification using X-ray images, and segmented lung images. The accuracy, precision, sensitivity, F1-score, specificity in the detection of tuberculosis using X-ray images were 97.07 %, 97.34 %, 97.07 %, 97.14 % and 97.36 % respectively. However, segmented lungs for the classification outperformed than whole X-ray image-based classification and accuracy, precision, sensitivity, F1-score, specificity were 99.9 %, 99.91 %, 99.9 %, 99.9 %, and 99.52 % respectively. The paper also used a visualization technique to confirm that CNN learns dominantly from the segmented lung regions results in higher detection accuracy. The proposed method with state-of-the-art performance can be useful in the computer-aided faster diagnosis of tuberculosis.      
### 42.Between Subjectivity and Imposition: Power Dynamics in Data Annotation for Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14886.pdf)
>  The interpretation of data is fundamental to machine learning. This paper investigates practices of image data annotation as performed in industrial contexts. We define data annotation as a sense-making practice, where annotators assign meaning to data through the use of labels. Previous human-centered investigations have largely focused on annotators subjectivity as a major cause for biased labels. We propose a wider view on this issue: guided by constructivist grounded theory, we conducted several weeks of fieldwork at two annotation companies. We analyzed which structures, power relations, and naturalized impositions shape the interpretation of data. Our results show that the work of annotators is profoundly informed by the interests, values, and priorities of other actors above their station. Arbitrary classifications are vertically imposed on annotators, and through them, on data. This imposition is largely naturalized. Assigning meaning to data is often presented as a technical matter. This paper shows it is, in fact, an exercise of power with multiple implications for individuals and society.      
### 43.TR-GAN: Topology Ranking GAN with Triplet Loss for Retinal Artery/Vein Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14852.pdf)
>  Retinal artery/vein (A/V) classification lays the foundation for the quantitative analysis of retinal vessels, which is associated with potential risks of various cardiovascular and cerebral diseases. The topological connection relationship, which has been proved effective in improving the A/V classification performance for the conventional graph based method, has not been exploited by the deep learning based method. In this paper, we propose a Topology Ranking Generative Adversarial Network (TR-GAN) to improve the topology connectivity of the segmented arteries and veins, and further to boost the A/V classification performance. A topology ranking discriminator based on ordinal regression is proposed to rank the topological connectivity level of the ground-truth, the generated A/V mask and the intentionally shuffled mask. The ranking loss is further back-propagated to the generator to generate better connected A/V masks. In addition, a topology preserving module with triplet loss is also proposed to extract the high-level topological features and further to narrow the feature distance between the predicted A/V mask and the ground-truth. The proposed framework effectively increases the topological connectivity of the predicted A/V masks and achieves state-of-the-art A/V classification performance on the publicly available AV-DRIVE dataset.      
### 44.An Uncertainty-aware Transfer Learning-based Framework for Covid-19 Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14846.pdf)
>  The early and reliable detection of COVID-19 infected patients is essential to prevent and limit its outbreak. The PCR tests for COVID-19 detection are not available in many countries and also there are genuine concerns about their reliability and performance. Motivated by these shortcomings, this paper proposes a deep uncertainty-aware transfer learning framework for COVID-19 detection using medical images. Four popular convolutional neural networks (CNNs) including VGG16, ResNet50, DenseNet121, and InceptionResNetV2 are first applied to extract deep features from chest X-ray and computed tomography (CT) images. Extracted features are then processed by different machine learning and statistical modelling techniques to identify COVID-19 cases. We also calculate and report the epistemic uncertainty of classification results to identify regions where the trained models are not confident about their decisions (out of distribution problem). Comprehensive simulation results for X-ray and CT image datasets indicate that linear support vector machine and neural network models achieve the best results as measured by accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, and AUC. Also it is found that predictive uncertainty estimates are much higher for CT images compared to X-ray images.      
### 45.Efficient OCT Image Segmentation Using Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14790.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a Neural Architecture Search (NAS) for retinal layer segmentation in Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) scans. We incorporate the Unet architecture in the NAS framework as its backbone for the segmentation of the retinal layers in our collected and pre-processed OCT image dataset. At the pre-processing stage, we conduct super resolution and image processing techniques on the raw OCT scans to improve the quality of the raw images. For our search strategy, different primitive operations are suggested to find the down- &amp; up-sampling cell blocks, and the binary gate method is applied to make the search strategy practical for the task in hand. We empirically evaluated our method on our in-house OCT dataset. The experimental results demonstrate that the self-adapting NAS-Unet architecture substantially outperformed the competitive human-designed architecture by achieving 95.4% in mean Intersection over Union metric and 78.7% in Dice similarity coefficient.      
### 46.PDCOVIDNet: A Parallel-Dilated Convolutional Neural Network Architecture for Detecting COVID-19 from Chest X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14777.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic continues to severely undermine the prosperity of the global health system. To combat this pandemic, effective screening techniques for infected patients are indispensable. There is no doubt that the use of chest X-ray images for radiological assessment is one of the essential screening techniques. Some of the early studies revealed that the patient's chest X-ray images showed abnormalities, which is natural for patients infected with COVID-19. In this paper, we proposed a parallel-dilated convolutional neural network (CNN) based COVID-19 detection system from chest x-ray images, named as Parallel-Dilated COVIDNet (PDCOVIDNet). First, the publicly available chest X-ray collection fully preloaded and enhanced, and then classified by the proposed method. Differing convolution dilation rate in a parallel form demonstrates the proof-of-principle for using PDCOVIDNet to extract radiological features for COVID-19 detection. Accordingly, we have assisted our method with two visualization methods, which are specifically designed to increase understanding of the key components associated with COVID-19 infection. Both visualization methods compute gradients for a given image category related to feature maps of the last convolutional layer to create a class-discriminative region. In our experiment, we used a total of 2,905 chest X-ray images, comprising three cases (such as COVID-19, normal, and viral pneumonia), and empirical evaluations revealed that the proposed method extracted more significant features expeditiously related to the suspected disease. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method significantly improves performance metrics: accuracy, precision, recall, and F1 scores reach 96.58%, 96.58%, 96.59%, and 96.58%, respectively, which is comparable or enhanced compared with the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 47.On the unreasonable effectiveness of CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14745.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods using convolutional neural networks (CNN) have been successfully applied to virtually all imaging problems, and particularly in image reconstruction tasks with ill-posed and complicated imaging models. In an attempt to put upper bounds on the capability of baseline CNNs for solving image-to-image problems we applied a widely used standard off-the-shelf network architecture (U-Net) to the "inverse problem" of XOR decryption from noisy data and show acceptable results.      
### 48.CommuNety: A Deep Learning System for the Prediction of Cohesive Social Communities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14741.pdf)
>  Effective mining of social media, which consists of a large number of users is a challenging task. Traditional approaches rely on the analysis of text data related to users to accomplish this task. However, text data lacks significant information about the social users and their associated groups. In this paper, we propose CommuNety, a deep learning system for the prediction of cohesive social networks using images. The proposed deep learning model consists of hierarchical CNN architecture to learn descriptive features related to each cohesive network. The paper also proposes a novel Face Co-occurrence Frequency algorithm to quantify existence of people in images, and a novel photo ranking method to analyze the strength of relationship between different individuals in a predicted social network. We extensively evaluate the proposed technique on PIPA dataset and compare with state-of-the-art methods. Our experimental results demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed technique for the prediction of relationship between different individuals and the cohesiveness of communities.      
### 49.Multimodal Spatial Attention Module for Targeting Multimodal PET-CT Lung Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14728.pdf)
>  Multimodal positron emission tomography-computed tomography (PET-CT) is used routinely in the assessment of cancer. PET-CT combines the high sensitivity for tumor detection with PET and anatomical information from CT. Tumor segmentation is a critical element of PET-CT but at present there is not an accurate automated segmentation method. Segmentation tends to be done manually by different imaging experts and it is labor-intensive and prone to errors and inconsistency. Previous automated segmentation methods largely focused on fusing information that is extracted separately from the PET and CT modalities, with the underlying assumption that each modality contains complementary information. However, these methods do not fully exploit the high PET tumor sensitivity that can guide segmentation. In this study, we introduce a multimodal spatial attention module (MSAM) that automatically learns to emphasize regions (spatial areas) related to tumors and suppress normal regions with physiologic high-uptake. The spatial attention maps are subsequently employed to target a convolutional neural network (CNN) for segmentation of areas with higher tumor likelihood. Our MSAM can be applied to common backbone architectures and trained end-to-end. Our experimental results on two clinical PET-CT datasets of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and soft tissue sarcoma (STS) validate the effectiveness of the MSAM in these different cancer types. We show that our MSAM, with a conventional U-Net backbone, surpasses the state-of-the-art lung tumor segmentation approach by a margin of 7.6% Dice similarity coefficient (DSC).      
### 50.Video compression with low complexity CNN-based spatial resolution adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14726.pdf)
>  It has recently been demonstrated that spatial resolution adaptation can be integrated within video compression to improve overall coding performance by spatially down-sampling before encoding and super-resolving at the decoder. Significant improvements have been reported when convolutional neural networks (CNNs) were used to perform the resolution up-sampling. However, this approach suffers from high complexity at the decoder due to the employment of CNN-based super-resolution. In this paper, a novel framework is proposed which supports the flexible allocation of complexity between the encoder and decoder. This approach employs a CNN model for video down-sampling at the encoder and uses a Lanczos3 filter to reconstruct full resolution at the decoder. The proposed method was integrated into the HEVC HM 16.20 software and evaluated on JVET UHD test sequences using the All Intra configuration. The experimental results demonstrate the potential of the proposed approach, with significant bitrate savings (more than 10%) over the original HEVC HM, coupled with reduced computational complexity at both encoder (29%) and decoder (10%).      
### 51.Sample Efficient Interactive End-to-End Deep Learning for Self-Driving Cars with Selective Multi-Class Safe Dataset Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14671.pdf)
>  The objective of this paper is to develop a sample efficient end-to-end deep learning method for self-driving cars, where we attempt to increase the value of the information extracted from samples, through careful analysis obtained from each call to expert driver policy. End-to-end imitation learning is a popular method for computing self-driving car policies. The standard approach relies on collecting pairs of inputs (camera images) and outputs (steering angle, etc.) from an expert policy and fitting a deep neural network to this data to learn the driving policy. Although this approach had some successful demonstrations in the past, learning a good policy might require a lot of samples from the expert driver, which might be resource-consuming. In this work, we develop a novel framework based on the Safe Dateset Aggregation (safe DAgger) approach, where the current learned policy is automatically segmented into different trajectory classes, and the algorithm identifies trajectory segments or classes with the weak performance at each step. Once the trajectory segments with weak performance identified, the sampling algorithm focuses on calling the expert policy only on these segments, which improves the convergence rate. The presented simulation results show that the proposed approach can yield significantly better performance compared to the standard Safe DAgger algorithm while using the same amount of samples from the expert.      
### 52.COVID-19 CT Image Synthesis with a Conditional Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14638.pdf)
>  Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an ongoing global pandemic that has spread rapidly since December 2019. Real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (rRT-PCR) and chest computed tomography (CT) imaging both play an important role in COVID-19 diagnosis. Chest CT imaging offers the benefits of quick reporting, a low cost, and high sensitivity for the detection of pulmonary infection. Recently, deep-learning-based computer vision methods have demonstrated great promise for use in medical imaging applications, including X-rays, magnetic resonance imaging, and CT imaging. However, training a deep-learning model requires large volumes of data, and medical staff faces a high risk when collecting COVID-19 CT data due to the high infectivity of the disease. Another issue is the lack of experts available for data labeling. In order to meet the data requirements for COVID-19 CT imaging, we propose a CT image synthesis approach based on a conditional generative adversarial network that can effectively generate high-quality and realistic COVID-19 CT images for use in deep-learning-based medical imaging tasks. Experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms other state-of-the-art image synthesis methods with the generated COVID-19 CT images and indicates promising for various machine learning applications including semantic segmentation and classification.      
### 53.Object-and-Action Aware Model for Visual Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14626.pdf)
>  Vision-and-Language Navigation (VLN) is unique in that it requires turning relatively general natural-language instructions into robot agent actions, on the basis of the visible environment. This requires to extract value from two very different types of natural-language information. The first is object description (e.g., 'table', 'door'), each presenting as a tip for the agent to determine the next action by finding the item visible in the environment, and the second is action specification (e.g., 'go straight', 'turn left') which allows the robot to directly predict the next movements without relying on visual perceptions. However, most existing methods pay few attention to distinguish these information from each other during instruction encoding and mix together the matching between textual object/action encoding and visual perception/orientation features of candidate viewpoints. In this paper, we propose an Object-and-Action Aware Model (OAAM) that processes these two different forms of natural language based instruction separately. This enables each process to match object-centered/action-centered instruction to their own counterpart visual perception/action orientation flexibly. However, one side-issue caused by above solution is that an object mentioned in instructions may be observed in the direction of two or more candidate viewpoints, thus the OAAM may not predict the viewpoint on the shortest path as the next action. To handle this problem, we design a simple but effective path loss to penalize trajectories deviating from the ground truth path. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model and path loss, and the superiority of their combination with a 50% SPL score on the R2R dataset and a 40% CLS score on the R4R dataset in unseen environments, outperforming the previous state-of-the-art.      
### 54.Solving Phase Retrieval with a Learned Reference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14621.pdf)
>  Fourier phase retrieval is a classical problem that deals with the recovery of an image from the amplitude measurements of its Fourier coefficients. Conventional methods solve this problem via iterative (alternating) minimization by leveraging some prior knowledge about the structure of the unknown image. The inherent ambiguities about shift and flip in the Fourier measurements make this problem especially difficult; and most of the existing methods use several random restarts with different permutations. In this paper, we assume that a known (learned) reference is added to the signal before capturing the Fourier amplitude measurements. Our method is inspired by the principle of adding a reference signal in holography. To recover the signal, we implement an iterative phase retrieval method as an unrolled network. Then we use back propagation to learn the reference that provides us the best reconstruction for a fixed number of phase retrieval iterations. We performed a number of simulations on a variety of datasets under different conditions and found that our proposed method for phase retrieval via unrolled network and learned reference provides near-perfect recovery at fixed (small) computational cost. We compared our method with standard Fourier phase retrieval methods and observed significant performance enhancement using the learned reference.      
### 55.Clarinet: A One-step Approach Towards Budget-friendly Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14612.pdf)
>  In unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA), classifiers for the target domain are trained with massive true-label data from the source domain and unlabeled data from the target domain. However, it may be difficult to collect fully-true-label data in a source domain given a limited budget. To mitigate this problem, we consider a novel problem setting where the classifier for the target domain has to be trained with complementary-label data from the source domain and unlabeled data from the target domain named budget-friendly UDA (BFUDA). The key benefit is that it is much less costly to collect complementary-label source data (required by BFUDA) than collecting the true-label source data (required by ordinary UDA). To this end, the complementary label adversarial network (CLARINET) is proposed to solve the BFUDA problem. CLARINET maintains two deep networks simultaneously, where one focuses on classifying complementary-label source data and the other takes care of the source-to-target distributional adaptation. Experiments show that CLARINET significantly outperforms a series of competent baselines.      
### 56.3D Fusion of Infrared Images with Dense RGB Reconstruction from Multiple Views -- with Application to Fire-fighting Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14606.pdf)
>  This project integrates infrared and RGB imagery to produce dense 3D environment models reconstructed from multiple views. The resulting 3D map contains both thermal and RGB information which can be used in robotic fire-fighting applications to identify victims and active fire areas.      
### 57.A regularized deep matrix factorized model of matrix completion for image restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14581.pdf)
>  It has been an important approach of using matrix completion to perform image restoration. Most previous works on matrix completion focus on the low-rank property by imposing explicit constraints on the recovered matrix, such as the constraint of the nuclear norm or limiting the dimension of the matrix factorization component. Recently, theoretical works suggest that deep linear neural network has an implicit bias towards low rank on matrix completion. However, low rank is not adequate to reflect the intrinsic characteristics of a natural image. Thus, algorithms with only the constraint of low rank are insufficient to perform image restoration well. In this work, we propose a Regularized Deep Matrix Factorized (RDMF) model for image restoration, which utilizes the implicit bias of the low rank of deep neural networks and the explicit bias of total variation. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our RDMF model with extensive experiments, in which our method surpasses the state of art models in common examples, especially for the restoration from very few observations. Our work sheds light on a more general framework for solving other inverse problems by combining the implicit bias of deep learning with explicit regularization.      
### 58.Accurate 2D soft segmentation of medical image via SoftGAN network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14556.pdf)
>  Accurate 2D lung nodules segmentation from medical Computed Tomography (CT) images is crucial in medical applications. Most current approaches cannot achieve precise segmentation results that preserving both rich edge details description and smooth transition representations between image regions due to the tininess, complexities, and irregularities of lung nodule shapes. To address this issue, we propose a novel Cascaded Generative Adversarial Network (CasGAN) to cope with CT images super-resolution and segmentation tasks, in which the semantic soft segmentation form on precise lesion representation is introduced for the first time according to our knowledge, and lesion edges can be retained accurately after our segmentation that can promote rapid acquisition of high-quality large-scale annotation data based on RECIST weak supervision information. Extensive experiments validate that our CasGAN outperforms the state-of-the-art methods greatly in segmentation quality, which is also robust on the application of medical images beyond lung nodules. Besides, we provide a challenging lung nodules soft segmentation dataset of medical CT images for further studies.      
### 59.Group Knowledge Transfer: Collaborative Training of Large CNNs on the Edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14513.pdf)
>  Scaling up the convolutional neural network (CNN) size (e.g., width, depth, etc.) is known to effectively improve model accuracy. However, the large model size impedes training on resource-constrained edge devices. For instance, federated learning (FL) on edge devices cannot tackle large CNN training demands, even though there is a strong practical need for FL due to its privacy and confidentiality properties. To address the resource-constrained reality, we reformulate FL as a group knowledge transfer (GKT) training algorithm. GKT designs a variant of the alternating minimization approach to train small CNNs on edge nodes and periodically transfer their knowledge by knowledge distillation to a large server-side CNN. GKT consolidates several advantages in a single framework: reduced demand for edge computation, lower communication cost for large CNNs, and asynchronous training, all while maintaining model accuracy comparable to FL. To simplify the edge training, we also develop a distributed training system based on our GKT. We train CNNs designed based on ResNet-56 and ResNet-110 using three distinct datasets (CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and CINIC-10) and their non-IID variants. Our results show that GKT can obtain comparable or even slightly higher accuracy. More importantly, GKT makes edge training affordable. Compared to the edge training using FedAvg, GKT demands 9 to 17 times less computational power (FLOPs) on edge devices and requires 54 to 105 times fewer parameters in the edge CNN.      
### 60.Decompose X-ray Images for Bone and Soft Tissue  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14510.pdf)
>  Bones are always wrapped by soft tissues. As a result, bones in their X-ray images are obscured and become unclear. In this paper, we tackle this problem and propose a novel task to virtually decompose the soft tissue and bone by image processing algorithms. This task is fundamentally different from segmentation because the decomposed images share the same imaging domain. Our decomposition task is also fundamentally different from the conventional image enhancement. We propose a new mathematical model for such decomposition. Our model is ill-posed and thus it requires some priors. With proper assumptions, our model can be solved by solving a standard Laplace equation. The resulting bone image is theoretically guaranteed to have better contrast than the original input image. Therefore, the details of bones get enhanced and become clearer. Several numerical experiments confirm the effective and efficiency of our method. Our approach is important for clinical diagnosis, surgery planning, recognition, deep learning, etc.      
### 61.Learning to predict metal deformations in hot-rolling processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14471.pdf)
>  Hot-rolling is a metal forming process that produces a workpiece with a desired target cross-section from an input workpiece through a sequence of plastic deformations; each deformation is generated by a stand composed of opposing rolls with a specific geometry. In current practice, the rolling sequence (i.e., the sequence of stands and the geometry of their rolls) needed to achieve a given final cross-section is designed by experts based on previous experience, and iteratively refined in a costly trial-and-error process. Finite Element Method simulations are increasingly adopted to make this process more efficient and to test potential rolling sequences, achieving good accuracy at the cost of long simulation times, limiting the practical use of the approach. We propose a supervised learning approach to predict the deformation of a given workpiece by a set of rolls with a given geometry; the model is trained on a large dataset of procedurally-generated FEM simulations, which we publish as supplementary material. The resulting predictor is four orders of magnitude faster than simulations, and yields an average Jaccard Similarity Index of 0.972 (against ground truth from simulations) and 0.925 (against real-world measured deformations); we additionally report preliminary results on using the predictor for automatic planning of rolling sequences.      
### 62.Enhancement of Retinal Fundus Images via Pixel Color Amplification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14456.pdf)
>  We propose a pixel color amplification theory and family of enhancement methods to facilitate segmentation tasks on retinal images. Our novel re-interpretation of the image distortion model underlying dehazing theory shows how three existing priors commonly used by the dehazing community and a novel fourth prior are related. We utilize the theory to develop a family of enhancement methods for retinal images, including novel methods for whole image brightening and darkening. We show a novel derivation of the Unsharp Masking algorithm. We evaluate the enhancement methods as a pre-processing step to a challenging multi-task segmentation problem and show large increases in performance on all tasks, with Dice score increases over a no-enhancement baseline by as much as 0.491. We provide evidence that our enhancement preprocessing is useful for unbalanced and difficult data. We show that the enhancements can perform class balancing by composing them together.      
### 63.Extending LOUPE for K-space Under-sampling Pattern Optimization in Multi-coil MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.14450.pdf)
>  The previously established LOUPE (Learning-based Optimization of the Under-sampling Pattern) framework for optimizing the k-space sampling pattern in MRI was extended in three folds: firstly, fully sampled multi-coil k-space data from the scanner, rather than simulated k-space data from magnitude MR images in LOUPE, was retrospectively under-sampled to optimize the under-sampling pattern of in-vivo k-space data; secondly, binary stochastic k-space sampling, rather than approximate stochastic k-space sampling of LOUPE during training, was applied together with a straight-through (ST) estimator to estimate the gradient of the threshold operation in a neural network; thirdly, modified unrolled optimization network, rather than modified U-Net in LOUPE, was used as the reconstruction network in order to reconstruct multi-coil data properly and reduce the dependency on training data. Experimental results show that when dealing with the in-vivo k-space data, unrolled optimization network with binary under-sampling block and ST estimator had better reconstruction performance compared to the ones with either U-Net reconstruction network or approximate sampling pattern optimization network, and once trained, the learned optimal sampling pattern worked better than the hand-crafted variable density sampling pattern when deployed with other conventional reconstruction methods.      
