# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 15 Jul 2020
### 1.Multiview Detection with Feature Perspective Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07247.pdf)
>  Incorporating multiple camera views for detection alleviates the impact of occlusions in crowded scenes. In a multiview system, we need to answer two important questions when dealing with ambiguities that arise from occlusions. First, how should we aggregate cues from the multiple views? Second, how should we aggregate unreliable 2D and 3D spatial information that has been tainted by occlusions? To address these questions, we propose a novel multiview detection system, MVDet. For multiview aggregation, existing methods combine anchor box features from the image plane, which potentially limits performance due to inaccurate anchor box shapes and sizes. In contrast, we take an anchor-free approach to aggregate multiview information by projecting feature maps onto the ground plane (bird's eye view). To resolve any remaining spatial ambiguity, we apply large kernel convolutions on the ground plane feature map and infer locations from detection peaks. Our entire model is end-to-end learnable and achieves 88.2% MODA on the standard Wildtrack dataset, outperforming the state-of-the-art by 14.1%. We also provide detailed analysis of MVDet on a newly introduced synthetic dataset, MultiviewX, which allows us to control the level of occlusion. Code and MultiviewX dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hou-yz/MVDet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Transposer: Universal Texture Synthesis Using Feature Maps as Transposed Convolution Filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07243.pdf)
>  Conventional CNNs for texture synthesis consist of a sequence of (de)-convolution and up/down-sampling layers, where each layer operates locally and lacks the ability to capture the long-term structural dependency required by texture synthesis. Thus, they often simply enlarge the input texture, rather than perform reasonable synthesis. As a compromise, many recent methods sacrifice generalizability by training and testing on the same single (or fixed set of) texture image(s), resulting in huge re-training time costs for unseen images. In this work, based on the discovery that the assembling/stitching operation in traditional texture synthesis is analogous to a transposed convolution operation, we propose a novel way of using transposed convolution operation. Specifically, we directly treat the whole encoded feature map of the input texture as transposed convolution filters and the features' self-similarity map, which captures the auto-correlation information, as input to the transposed convolution. Such a design allows our framework, once trained, to be generalizable to perform synthesis of unseen textures with a single forward pass in nearly real-time. Our method achieves state-of-the-art texture synthesis quality based on various metrics. While self-similarity helps preserve the input textures' regular structural patterns, our framework can also take random noise maps for irregular input textures instead of self-similarity maps as transposed convolution inputs. It allows to get more diverse results as well as generate arbitrarily large texture outputs by directly sampling large noise maps in a single pass as well.      
### 3.Modeling Artistic Workflows for Image Generation and Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07238.pdf)
>  People often create art by following an artistic workflow involving multiple stages that inform the overall design. If an artist wishes to modify an earlier decision, significant work may be required to propagate this new decision forward to the final artwork. Motivated by the above observations, we propose a generative model that follows a given artistic workflow, enabling both multi-stage image generation as well as multi-stage image editing of an existing piece of art. Furthermore, for the editing scenario, we introduce an optimization process along with learning-based regularization to ensure the edited image produced by the model closely aligns with the originally provided image. Qualitative and quantitative results on three different artistic datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework on both image generation and editing tasks.      
### 4.Multitask Learning Strengthens Adversarial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07236.pdf)
>  Although deep networks achieve strong accuracy on a range of computer vision benchmarks, they remain vulnerable to adversarial attacks, where imperceptible input perturbations fool the network. We present both theoretical and empirical analyses that connect the adversarial robustness of a model to the number of tasks that it is trained on. Experiments on two datasets show that attack difficulty increases as the number of target tasks increase. Moreover, our results suggest that when models are trained on multiple tasks at once, they become more robust to adversarial attacks on individual tasks. While adversarial defense remains an open challenge, our results suggest that deep networks are vulnerable partly because they are trained on too few tasks.      
### 5.MeTRAbs: Metric-Scale Truncation-Robust Heatmaps for Absolute 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07227.pdf)
>  Heatmap representations have formed the basis of human pose estimation systems for many years, and their extension to 3D has been a fruitful line of recent research. This includes 2.5D volumetric heatmaps, whose X and Y axes correspond to image space and Z to metric depth around the subject. To obtain metric-scale predictions, 2.5D methods need a separate post-processing step to resolve scale ambiguity. Further, they cannot localize body joints outside the image boundaries, leading to incomplete estimates for truncated images. To address these limitations, we propose metric-scale truncation-robust (MeTRo) volumetric heatmaps, whose dimensions are all defined in metric 3D space, instead of being aligned with image space. This reinterpretation of heatmap dimensions allows us to directly estimate complete, metric-scale poses without test-time knowledge of distance or relying on anthropometric heuristics, such as bone lengths. To further demonstrate the utility our representation, we present a differentiable combination of our 3D metric-scale heatmaps with 2D image-space ones to estimate absolute 3D pose (our MeTRAbs architecture). We find that supervision via absolute pose loss is crucial for accurate non-root-relative localization. Using a ResNet-50 backbone without further learned layers, we obtain state-of-the-art results on Human3.6M, MPI-INF-3DHP and MuPoTS-3D. Our code will be made publicly available to facilitate further research.      
### 6.Collaborative Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Medical Image Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07222.pdf)
>  Deep learning based medical image diagnosis has shown great potential in clinical medicine. However, it often suffers two major difficulties in real-world applications: 1) only limited labels are available for model training, due to expensive annotation costs over medical images; 2) labeled images may contain considerable label noise (e.g., mislabeling labels) due to diagnostic difficulties of diseases. To address these, we seek to exploit rich labeled data from relevant domains to help the learning in the target task via {Unsupervised Domain Adaptation} (UDA). Unlike most UDA methods that rely on clean labeled data or assume samples are equally transferable, we innovatively propose a Collaborative Unsupervised Domain Adaptation algorithm, which conducts transferability-aware adaptation and conquers label noise in a collaborative way. We theoretically analyze the generalization performance of the proposed method, and also empirically evaluate it on both medical and general images. Promising experimental results demonstrate the superiority and generalization of the proposed method.      
### 7.Alpha-Net: Architecture, Models, and Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07221.pdf)
>  Deep learning network training is usually computationally expensive and intuitively complex. We present a novel network architecture for custom training and weight evaluations. We reformulate the layers as ResNet-similar blocks with certain inputs and outputs of their own, the blocks (called Alpha blocks) on their connection configuration form their own network, combined with our novel loss function and normalization function form the complete Alpha-Net architecture. We provided the empirical mathematical formulation of network loss function for more understanding of accuracy estimation and further optimizations. We implemented Alpha-Net with 4 different layer configurations to express the architecture behavior comprehensively. On a custom dataset based on ImageNet benchmark, we evaluate Alpha-Net v1, v2, v3, and v4 for image recognition to give the accuracy of 78.2%, 79.1%, 79.5%, and 78.3% respectively. The Alpha-Net v3 gives improved accuracy of approx. 3% over the last state-of-the-art network ResNet 50 on ImageNet benchmark. We also present an analysis of our dataset with 256, 512, and 1024 layers and different versions of the loss function. Input representation is also crucial for training as initial preprocessing will take only a handful of features to make training less complex than it needs to be. We also compared network behavior with different layer structures, different loss functions, and different normalization functions for better quantitative modeling of Alpha-Net.      
### 8.Learning Accurate and Human-Like Driving using Semantic Maps and Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07218.pdf)
>  This paper investigates how end-to-end driving models can be improved to drive more accurately and human-like. To tackle the first issue we exploit semantic and visual maps from HERE Technologies and augment the existing Drive360 dataset with such. The maps are used in an attention mechanism that promotes segmentation confidence masks, thus focusing the network on semantic classes in the image that are important for the current driving situation. Human-like driving is achieved using adversarial learning, by not only minimizing the imitation loss with respect to the human driver but by further defining a discriminator, that forces the driving model to produce action sequences that are human-like. Our models are trained and evaluated on the Drive360 + HERE dataset, which features 60 hours and 3000 km of real-world driving data. Extensive experiments show that our driving models are more accurate and behave more human-like than previous methods.      
### 9.CenterNet3D:An Anchor free Object Detector for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07214.pdf)
>  Accurate and fast 3D object detection from point clouds is a key task in autonomous driving. Existing one-stage 3D object detection methods can achieve real-time performance, however, they are dominated by anchor-based detectors which are inefficient and require additional post-processing. In this paper, we eliminate anchors and model an object as a single point the center point of its bounding box. Based on the center point, we propose an anchor-free CenterNet3D Network that performs 3D object detection without anchors. Our CenterNet3D uses keypoint estimation to find center points and directly regresses 3D bounding boxes. However, because inherent sparsity of point clouds, 3D object center points are likely to be in empty space which makes it difficult to estimate accurate boundary. To solve this issue, we propose an auxiliary corner attention module to enforce the CNN backbone to pay more attention to object boundaries which is effective to obtain more accurate bounding boxes. Besides, our CenterNet3D is Non-Maximum Suppression free which makes it more efficient and simpler. On the KITTI benchmark, our proposed CenterNet3D achieves competitive performance with other one stage anchor-based methods which show the efficacy of our proposed center point representation.      
### 10.Breaking the Curse of Space Explosion: Towards Efficient NAS with Curriculum Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07197.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) has become an important approach to automatically find effective architectures. To cover all possible good architectures, we need to search in an extremely large search space with billions of candidate architectures. More critically, given a large search space, we may face a very challenging issue of space explosion. However, due to the limitation of computational resources, we can only sample a very small proportion of the architectures, which provides insufficient information for the training. As a result, existing methods may often produce suboptimal architectures. To alleviate this issue, we propose a curriculum search method that starts from a small search space and gradually incorporates the learned knowledge to guide the search in a large space. With the proposed search strategy, our Curriculum Neural Architecture Search (CNAS) method significantly improves the search efficiency and finds better architectures than existing NAS methods. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 11.Deep Heterogeneous Autoencoder for Subspace Clustering of Sequential Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07175.pdf)
>  We propose an unsupervised learning approach using a convolutional and fully connected autoencoder, which we call deep heterogeneous autoencoder, to learn discriminative features from segmentation masks and detection bounding boxes. To learn the mask shape information and its corresponding location in an input image, we extract coarse masks from a pretrained semantic segmentation network as well as their corresponding bounding boxes. We train the autoencoders jointly using task-dependent uncertainty weights to generate common latent features. The feature vector is then fed to the k-means clustering algorithm to separate the data points in the latent space. Finally, we incorporate additional penalties in the form of a constraints graph based on prior knowledge of the sequential data to increase clustering robustness. We evaluate the performance of our method using both synthetic and real world multi-object video datasets to demonstrate the applicability of our proposed model. Our results show that the proposed technique outperforms several state-of-the-art methods on challenging video sequences.      
### 12.Wavelet-Based Dual-Branch Network for Image Demoireing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07173.pdf)
>  When smartphone cameras are used to take photos of digital screens, usually moire patterns result, severely degrading photo quality. In this paper, we design a wavelet-based dual-branch network (WDNet) with a spatial attention mechanism for image demoireing. Existing image restoration methods working in the RGB domain have difficulty in distinguishing moire patterns from true scene texture. Unlike these methods, our network removes moire patterns in the wavelet domain to separate the frequencies of moire patterns from the image content. The network combines dense convolution modules and dilated convolution modules supporting large receptive fields. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method, and we further show that WDNet generalizes to removing moire artifacts on non-screen images. Although designed for image demoireing, WDNet has been applied to two other low-levelvision tasks, outperforming state-of-the-art image deraining and derain-drop methods on the Rain100h and Raindrop800 data sets, respectively.      
### 13.Towards Dense People Detection with Deep Learning and Depth images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07171.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a DNN-based system that detects multiple people from a single depth image. Our neural network processes a depth image and outputs a likelihood map in image coordinates, where each detection corresponds to a Gaussian-shaped local distribution, centered at the person's head. The likelihood map encodes both the number of detected people and their 2D image positions, and can be used to recover the 3D position of each person using the depth image and the camera calibration parameters. Our architecture is compact, using separated convolutions to increase performance, and runs in real-time with low budget GPUs. We use simulated data for initially training the network, followed by fine tuning with a relatively small amount of real data. We show this strategy to be effective, producing networks that generalize to work with scenes different from those used during training. We thoroughly compare our method against the existing state-of-the-art, including both classical and DNN-based solutions. Our method outperforms existing methods and can accurately detect people in scenes with significant occlusions.      
### 14.An Uncertainty-based Human-in-the-loop System for Industrial Tool Wear Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07129.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have shown to achieve superior performance on image segmentation tasks. However, convolutional neural networks, operating as black-box systems, generally do not provide a reliable measure about the confidence of their decisions. This leads to various problems in industrial settings, amongst others, inadequate levels of trust from users in the model's outputs as well as a non-compliance with current policy guidelines (e.g., EU AI Strategy). To address these issues, we use uncertainty measures based on Monte-Carlo dropout in the context of a human-in-the-loop system to increase the system's transparency and performance. In particular, we demonstrate the benefits described above on a real-world multi-class image segmentation task of wear analysis in the machining industry. Following previous work, we show that the quality of a prediction correlates with the model's uncertainty. Additionally, we demonstrate that a multiple linear regression using the model's uncertainties as independent variables significantly explains the quality of a prediction (\(R^2=0.718\)). Within the uncertainty-based human-in-the-loop system, the multiple regression aims at identifying failed predictions on an image-level. The system utilizes a human expert to label these failed predictions manually. A simulation study demonstrates that the uncertainty-based human-in-the-loop system increases performance for different levels of human involvement in comparison to a random-based human-in-the-loop system. To ensure generalizability, we show that the presented approach achieves similar results on the publicly available Cityscapes dataset.      
### 15.Re-ranking for Writer Identification and Writer Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07101.pdf)
>  Automatic writer identification is a common problem in document analysis. State-of-the-art methods typically focus on the feature extraction step with traditional or deep-learning-based techniques. In retrieval problems, re-ranking is a commonly used technique to improve the results. Re-ranking refines an initial ranking result by using the knowledge contained in the ranked result, e. g., by exploiting nearest neighbor relations. To the best of our knowledge, re-ranking has not been used for writer identification/retrieval. A possible reason might be that publicly available benchmark datasets contain only few samples per writer which makes a re-ranking less promising. We show that a re-ranking step based on k-reciprocal nearest neighbor relationships is advantageous for writer identification, even if only a few samples per writer are available. We use these reciprocal relationships in two ways: encode them into new vectors, as originally proposed, or integrate them in terms of query-expansion. We show that both techniques outperform the baseline results in terms of mAP on three writer identification datasets.      
### 16.Pasadena: Perceptually Aware and Stealthy Adversarial Denoise Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07097.pdf)
>  Image denoising techniques have been widely employed in multimedia devices as an image post-processing operation that can remove sensor noise and produce visually clean images for further AI tasks, e.g., image classification. In this paper, we investigate a new task, adversarial denoise attack, that stealthily embeds attacks inside the image denoising module. Thus it can simultaneously denoise input images while fooling the state-of-the-art deep models. We formulate this new task as a kernel prediction problem and propose the adversarial-denoising kernel prediction that can produce adversarial-noiseless kernels for effective denoising and adversarial attacking simultaneously. Furthermore, we implement an adaptive perceptual region localization to identify semantic-related vulnerability regions with which the attack can be more effective while not doing too much harm to the denoising. Thus, our proposed method is termed as Pasadena (Perceptually Aware and Stealthy Adversarial DENoise Attack). We validate our method on the NeurIPS'17 adversarial competition dataset and demonstrate that our method not only realizes denoising but has advantages of high success rate and transferability over the state-of-the-art attacks.      
### 17.Unsupervised Multi-Target Domain Adaptation Through Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07077.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) seeks to alleviate the problem of domain shift between the distribution of unlabeled data from the target domain w.r.t labeled data from source domain. While the single-target domain scenario is well studied in UDA literature, the Multi-Target Domain Adaptation (MTDA) setting remains largely unexplored despite its importance. For instance, in video surveillance, each camera can corresponds to a different viewpoint (target domain). MTDA problem can be addressed by adapting one specialized model per target domain, although this solution is too costly in many applications. It has also been addressed by blending target data for multi-domain adaptation to train a common model, yet this may lead to a reduction in performance. In this paper, we propose a new unsupervised MTDA approach to train a common CNN that can generalize across multiple target domains. Our approach the Multi-Teacher MTDA (MT-MTDA) relies on multi-teacher knowledge distillation (KD) in order to distill target domain knowledge from multiple teachers to a common student. Inspired by a common education scenario, a different target domain is assigned to each teacher model for UDA, and these teachers alternatively distill their knowledge to one common student model. The KD process is performed in a progressive manner, where the student is trained by each teacher on how to perform UDA, instead of directly learning domain adapted features. Finally, instead of directly combining the knowledge from each teacher, MT-MTDA alternates between teachers that distill knowledge in order to preserve the specificity of each target (teacher) when learning to adapt the student. MT-MTDA is compared against state-of-the-art methods on OfficeHome, Office31 and Digits-5 datasets, and empirical results show that our proposed model can provide a considerably higher level of accuracy across multiple target domains.      
### 18.UDBNET: Unsupervised Document Binarization Network via Adversarial Game  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07075.pdf)
>  Degraded document image binarization is one of the most challenging tasks in the domain of document image analysis. In this paper, we present a novel approach towards document image binarization by introducing three-player min-max adversarial game. We train the network in an unsupervised setup by assuming that we do not have any paired-training data. In our approach, an Adversarial Texture Augmentation Network (ATANet) first superimposes the texture of a degraded reference image over a clean image. Later, the clean image along with its generated degraded version constitute the pseudo paired-data which is used to train the Unsupervised Document Binarization Network (UDBNet). Following this approach, we have enlarged the document binarization datasets as it generates multiple images having same content feature but different textual feature. These generated noisy images are then fed into the UDBNet to get back the clean version. The joint discriminator which is the third-player of our three-player min-max adversarial game tries to couple both the ATANet and UDBNet. The three-player min-max adversarial game stops, when the distributions modelled by the ATANet and the UDBNet align to the same joint distribution over time. Thus, the joint discriminator enforces the UDBNet to perform better on real degraded image. The experimental results indicate the superior performance of the proposed model over existing state-of-the-art algorithm on widely used DIBCO datasets. The source code of the proposed system is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VIROBO-15/UDBNET" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Towards Realistic 3D Embedding via View Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07066.pdf)
>  Recent advances in generative adversarial networks (GANs) have achieved great success in automated image composition that generates new images by embedding interested foreground objects into background images automatically. On the other hand, most existing works deal with foreground objects in two-dimensional (2D) images though foreground objects in three-dimensional (3D) models are more flexible with 360-degree view freedom. This paper presents an innovative View Alignment GAN (VA-GAN) that composes new images by embedding 3D models into 2D background images realistically and automatically. VA-GAN consists of a texture generator and a differential discriminator that are inter-connected and end-to-end trainable. The differential discriminator guides to learn geometric transformation from background images so that the composed 3D models can be aligned with the background images with realistic poses and views. The texture generator adopts a novel view encoding mechanism for generating accurate object textures for the 3D models under the estimated views. Extensive experiments over two synthesis tasks (car synthesis with KITTI and pedestrian synthesis with Cityscapes) show that VA-GAN achieves high-fidelity composition qualitatively and quantitatively as compared with state-of-the-art generation methods.      
### 20.Unsupervised Human 3D Pose Representation with Viewpoint and Pose Disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07053.pdf)
>  Learning a good 3D human pose representation is important for human pose related tasks, e.g. human 3D pose estimation and action recognition. Within all these problems, preserving the intrinsic pose information and adapting to view variations are two critical issues. In this work, we propose a novel Siamese denoising autoencoder to learn a 3D pose representation by disentangling the pose-dependent and view-dependent feature from the human skeleton data, in a fully unsupervised manner. These two disentangled features are utilized together as the representation of the 3D pose. To consider both the kinematic and geometric dependencies, a sequential bidirectional recursive network (SeBiReNet) is further proposed to model the human skeleton data. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the learned representation 1) preserves the intrinsic information of human pose, 2) shows good transferability across datasets and tasks. Notably, our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on two inherently different tasks: pose denoising and unsupervised action recognition. Code and models are available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NIEQiang001/unsupervised-human-pose.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 21.RGB-D Salient Object Detection with Cross-Modality Modulation and Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07051.pdf)
>  We present an effective method to progressively integrate and refine the cross-modality complementarities for RGB-D salient object detection (SOD). The proposed network mainly solves two challenging issues: 1) how to effectively integrate the complementary information from RGB image and its corresponding depth map, and 2) how to adaptively select more saliency-related features. First, we propose a cross-modality feature modulation (cmFM) module to enhance feature representations by taking the depth features as prior, which models the complementary relations of RGB-D data. Second, we propose an adaptive feature selection (AFS) module to select saliency-related features and suppress the inferior ones. The AFS module exploits multi-modality spatial feature fusion with the self-modality and cross-modality interdependencies of channel features are considered. Third, we employ a saliency-guided position-edge attention (sg-PEA) module to encourage our network to focus more on saliency-related regions. The above modules as a whole, called cmMS block, facilitates the refinement of saliency features in a coarse-to-fine fashion. Coupled with a bottom-up inference, the refined saliency features enable accurate and edge-preserving SOD. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our network outperforms state-of-the-art saliency detectors on six popular RGB-D SOD benchmarks.      
### 22.Video Object Segmentation with Episodic Graph Memory Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07020.pdf)
>  How to make a segmentation model to efficiently adapt to a specific video and to online target appearance variations are fundamentally crucial issues in the field of video object segmentation. In this work, a novel graph memory network is developed to address the novel idea of ``learning to update the segmentation model''. Specifically, we exploit an episodic memory network, organized as a fully connected graph, to store frames as nodes and capture cross-frame correlations by edges. Further, learnable controllers are embedded to ease memory reading and writing, as well as maintain a fixed memory scale. The structured, external memory design enables our model to comprehensively mine and quickly store new knowledge, even with limited visual information, and the differentiable memory controllers slowly learn an abstract method for storing useful representations in the memory and how to later use these representations for prediction, via gradient descent. In addition, the proposed graph memory network yields a neat yet principled framework, which can generalize well both one-shot and zero-shot video object segmentation tasks. Extensive experiments on four challenging benchmark datasets verify that our graph memory is able to facilitate the adaptation of the segmentation network for case-by-case video object segmentation.      
### 23.Correlation filter tracking with adaptive proposal selection for accurate scale estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07018.pdf)
>  Recently, some correlation filter based trackers with detection proposals have achieved state-of-the-art tracking results. However, a large number of redundant proposals given by the proposal generator may degrade the performance and speed of these trackers. In this paper, we propose an adaptive proposal selection algorithm which can generate a small number of high-quality proposals to handle the problem of scale variations for visual object tracking. Specifically, we firstly utilize the color histograms in the HSV color space to represent the instances (i.e., the initial target in the first frame and the predicted target in the previous frame) and proposals. Then, an adaptive strategy based on the color similarity is formulated to select high-quality proposals. We further integrate the proposed adaptive proposal selection algorithm with coarse-to-fine deep features to validate the generalization and efficiency of the proposed tracker. Experiments on two benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed algorithm performs favorably against several state-of-the-art trackers.      
### 24.Pose2RGBD. Generating Depth and RGB images from absolute positions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07013.pdf)
>  We propose a method at the intersection of Computer Vision and Computer Graphics fields, which automatically generates RGBD images using neural networks, based on previously seen and synchronized video, depth and pose signals. Since the models must be able to reconstruct both texture (RGB) and structure (Depth), it creates an implicit representation of the scene, as opposed to explicit ones, such as meshes or point clouds. The process can be thought of as neural rendering, where we obtain a function f : Pose -&gt; RGBD, which we can use to navigate through the generated scene, similarly to graphics simulations. We introduce two new datasets, one based on synthetic data with full ground truth information, while the other one being recorded from a drone flight in an university campus, using only video and GPS signals. Finally, we propose a fully unsupervised method of generating datasets from videos alone, in order to train the Pose2RGBD networks. Code and datasets are available at:: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gitlab.com/mihaicristianpirvu/pose2rgbd" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Improving Face Recognition by Clustering Unlabeled Faces in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06995.pdf)
>  While deep face recognition has benefited significantly from large-scale labeled data, current research is focused on leveraging unlabeled data to further boost performance, reducing the cost of human annotation. Prior work has mostly been in controlled settings, where the labeled and unlabeled data sets have no overlapping identities by construction. This is not realistic in large-scale face recognition, where one must contend with such overlaps, the frequency of which increases with the volume of data. Ignoring identity overlap leads to significant labeling noise, as data from the same identity is split into multiple clusters. To address this, we propose a novel identity separation method based on extreme value theory. It is formulated as an out-of-distribution detection algorithm, and greatly reduces the problems caused by overlapping-identity label noise. Considering cluster assignments as pseudo-labels, we must also overcome the labeling noise from clustering errors. We propose a modulation of the cosine loss, where the modulation weights correspond to an estimate of clustering uncertainty. Extensive experiments on both controlled and real settings demonstrate our method's consistent improvements over supervised baselines, e.g., 11.6% improvement on IJB-A verification.      
### 26.P-KDGAN: Progressive Knowledge Distillation with GANs for One-class Novelty Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06963.pdf)
>  One-class novelty detection is to identify anomalous instances that do not conform to the expected normal instances. In this paper, the Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) based on encoder-decoder-encoder pipeline are used for detection and achieve state-of-the-art performance. However, deep neural networks are too over-parameterized to deploy on resource-limited devices. Therefore, Progressive Knowledge Distillation with GANs (PKDGAN) is proposed to learn compact and fast novelty detection networks. The P-KDGAN is a novel attempt to connect two standard GANs by the designed distillation loss for transferring knowledge from the teacher to the student. The progressive learning of knowledge distillation is a two-step approach that continuously improves the performance of the student GAN and achieves better performance than single step methods. In the first step, the student GAN learns the basic knowledge totally from the teacher via guiding of the pretrained teacher GAN with fixed weights. In the second step, joint fine-training is adopted for the knowledgeable teacher and student GANs to further improve the performance and stability. The experimental results on CIFAR-10, MNIST, and FMNIST show that our method improves the performance of the student GAN by 2.44%, 1.77%, and 1.73% when compressing the computation at ratios of 24.45:1, 311.11:1, and 700:1, respectively.      
### 27.Learning Semantics-enriched Representation via Self-discovery, Self-classification, and Self-restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06959.pdf)
>  Medical images are naturally associated with rich semantics about the human anatomy, reflected in an abundance of recurring anatomical patterns, offering unique potential to foster deep semantic representation learning and yield semantically more powerful models for different medical applications. But how exactly such strong yet free semantics embedded in medical images can be harnessed for self-supervised learning remains largely unexplored. To this end, we train deep models to learn semantically enriched visual representation by self-discovery, self-classification, and self-restoration of the anatomy underneath medical images, resulting in a semantics-enriched, general-purpose, pre-trained 3D model, named Semantic Genesis. We examine our Semantic Genesis with all the publicly-available pre-trained models, by either self-supervision or fully supervision, on the six distinct target tasks, covering both classification and segmentation in various medical modalities (i.e.,CT, MRI, and X-ray). Our extensive experiments demonstrate that Semantic Genesis significantly exceeds all of its 3D counterparts as well as the de facto ImageNet-based transfer learning in 2D. This performance is attributed to our novel self-supervised learning framework, encouraging deep models to learn compelling semantic representation from abundant anatomical patterns resulting from consistent anatomies embedded in medical images. Code and pre-trained Semantic Genesis are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JLiangLab/SemanticGenesis" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 28.Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation: Solving the Dynamic Object Problem by Semantic Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06936.pdf)
>  Self-supervised monocular depth estimation presents a powerful method to obtain 3D scene information from single camera images, which is trainable on arbitrary image sequences without requiring depth labels, e.g., from a LiDAR sensor. In this work we present a new self-supervised semantically-guided depth estimation (SGDepth) method to deal with moving dynamic-class (DC) objects, such as moving cars and pedestrians, which violate the static-world assumptions typically made during training of such models. Specifically, we propose (i) mutually beneficial cross-domain training of (supervised) semantic segmentation and self-supervised depth estimation with task-specific network heads, (ii) a semantic masking scheme providing guidance to prevent moving DC objects from contaminating the photometric loss, and (iii) a detection method for frames with non-moving DC objects, from which the depth of DC objects can be learned. We demonstrate the performance of our method on several benchmarks, in particular on the Eigen split, where we exceed all baselines without test-time refinement in all measures.      
### 29.REPrune: Filter Pruning via Representative Election  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06932.pdf)
>  Even though norm-based filter pruning methods are widely accepted, it is questionable whether the "smaller-norm-less-important" criterion is optimal in determining filters to prune. Especially when we can keep only a small fraction of the original filters, it is more crucial to choose the filters that can best represent the whole filters regardless of norm values. Our novel pruning method entitled "REPrune" addresses this problem by selecting representative filters via clustering. By selecting one filter from a cluster of similar filters and avoiding selecting adjacent large filters, REPrune can achieve a better compression rate with similar accuracy. Our method also recovers the accuracy more rapidly and requires a smaller shift of filters during fine-tuning. Empirically, REPrune reduces more than 49% FLOPs, with 0.53% accuracy gain on ResNet-110 for CIFAR-10. Also, REPrune reduces more than 41.8% FLOPs with 1.67% Top-1 validation loss on ResNet-18 for ImageNet      
### 30.Rethinking Image Inpainting via a Mutual Encoder-Decoder with Feature Equalizations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06929.pdf)
>  Deep encoder-decoder based CNNs have advanced image inpainting methods for hole filling. While existing methods recover structures and textures step-by-step in the hole regions, they typically use two encoder-decoders for separate recovery. The CNN features of each encoder are learned to capture either missing structures or textures without considering them as a whole. The insufficient utilization of these encoder features limit the performance of recovering both structures and textures. In this paper, we propose a mutual encoder-decoder CNN for joint recovery of both. We use CNN features from the deep and shallow layers of the encoder to represent structures and textures of an input image, respectively. The deep layer features are sent to a structure branch and the shallow layer features are sent to a texture branch. In each branch, we fill holes in multiple scales of the CNN features. The filled CNN features from both branches are concatenated and then equalized. During feature equalization, we reweigh channel attentions first and propose a bilateral propagation activation function to enable spatial equalization. To this end, the filled CNN features of structure and texture mutually benefit each other to represent image content at all feature levels. We use the equalized feature to supplement decoder features for output image generation through skip connections. Experiments on the benchmark datasets show the proposed method is effective to recover structures and textures and performs favorably against state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 31.A Graph-based Interactive Reasoning for Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06925.pdf)
>  Human-Object Interaction (HOI) detection devotes to learn how humans interact with surrounding objects via inferring triplets of &lt; human, verb, object &gt;. However, recent HOI detection methods mostly rely on additional annotations (e.g., human pose) and neglect powerful interactive reasoning beyond convolutions. In this paper, we present a novel graph-based interactive reasoning model called Interactive Graph (abbr. in-Graph) to infer HOIs, in which interactive semantics implied among visual targets are efficiently exploited. The proposed model consists of a project function that maps related targets from convolution space to a graph-based semantic space, a message passing process propagating semantics among all nodes and an update function transforming the reasoned nodes back to convolution space. Furthermore, we construct a new framework to assemble in-Graph models for detecting HOIs, namely in-GraphNet. Beyond inferring HOIs using instance features respectively, the framework dynamically parses pairwise interactive semantics among visual targets by integrating two-level in-Graphs, i.e., scene-wide and instance-wide in-Graphs. Our framework is end-to-end trainable and free from costly annotations like human pose. Extensive experiments show that our proposed framework outperforms existing HOI detection methods on both V-COCO and HICO-DET benchmarks and improves the baseline about 9.4% and 15% relatively, validating its efficacy in detecting HOIs.      
### 32.AQD: Towards Accurate Quantized Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06919.pdf)
>  Network quantization aims to lower the bitwidth of weights and activations and hence reduce the model size and accelerate the inference of deep networks. Even though existing quantization methods have achieved promising performance on image classification, applying aggressively low bitwidth quantization on object detection while preserving the performance is still a challenge. In this paper, we demonstrate that the poor performance of the quantized network on object detection comes from the inaccurate batch statistics of batch normalization. To solve this, we propose an accurate quantized object detection (AQD) method. Specifically, we propose to employ multi-level batch normalization (multi-level BN) to estimate the batch statistics of each detection head separately. We further propose a learned interval quantization method to improve how the quantizer itself is configured. To evaluate the performance of the proposed methods, we apply AQD to two one-stage detectors (i.e., RetinaNet and FCOS). Experimental results on COCO show that our methods achieve near-lossless performance compared with the full-precision model by using extremely low bitwidth regimes such as 3-bit. In particular, we even outperform the full-precision counterpart by a large margin with a 4-bit detector, which is of great practical value.      
### 33.360$^\circ$ Depth Estimation from Multiple Fisheye Images with Origami Crown Representation of Icosahedron  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06891.pdf)
>  In this study, we present a method for all-around depth estimation from multiple omnidirectional images for indoor environments. In particular, we focus on plane-sweeping stereo as the method for depth estimation from the images. We propose a new icosahedron-based representation and ConvNets for omnidirectional images, which we name "CrownConv" because the representation resembles a crown made of origami. CrownConv can be applied to both fisheye images and equirectangular images to extract features. Furthermore, we propose icosahedron-based spherical sweeping for generating the cost volume on an icosahedron from the extracted features. The cost volume is regularized using the three-dimensional CrownConv, and the final depth is obtained by depth regression from the cost volume. Our proposed method is robust to camera alignments by using the extrinsic camera parameters; therefore, it can achieve precise depth estimation even when the camera alignment differs from that in the training dataset. We evaluate the proposed model on synthetic datasets and demonstrate its effectiveness. As our proposed method is computationally efficient, the depth is estimated from four fisheye images in less than a second using a laptop with a GPU. Therefore, it is suitable for real-world robotics applications. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/matsuren/crownconv360depth" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Joint Layout Analysis, Character Detection and Recognition for Historical Document Digitization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06890.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an end-to-end trainable framework for restoring historical documents content that follows the correct reading order. In this framework, two branches named character branch and layout branch are added behind the feature extraction network. The character branch localizes individual characters in a document image and recognizes them simultaneously. Then we adopt a post-processing method to group them into text lines. The layout branch based on fully convolutional network outputs a binary mask. We then use Hough transform for line detection on the binary mask and combine character results with the layout information to restore document content. These two branches can be trained in parallel and are easy to train. Furthermore, we propose a re-score mechanism to minimize recognition error. Experiment results on the extended Chinese historical document MTHv2 dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework.      
### 35.Knowledge Distillation for Multi-task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06889.pdf)
>  Multi-task learning (MTL) is to learn one single model that performs multiple tasks for achieving good performance on all tasks and lower cost on computation. Learning such a model requires to jointly optimize losses of a set of tasks with different difficulty levels, magnitudes, and characteristics (e.g. cross-entropy, Euclidean loss), leading to the imbalance problem in multi-task learning. To address the imbalance problem, we propose a knowledge distillation based method in this work. We first learn a task-specific model for each task. We then learn the multi-task model for minimizing task-specific loss and for producing the same feature with task-specific models. As the task-specific network encodes different features, we introduce small task-specific adaptors to project multi-task features to the task-specific features. In this way, the adaptors align the task-specific feature and the multi-task feature, which enables a balanced parameter sharing across tasks. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our method can optimize a multi-task learning model in a more balanced way and achieve better overall performance.      
### 36.JSENet: Joint Semantic Segmentation and Edge Detection Network for 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06888.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation and semantic edge detection can be seen as two dual problems with close relationships in computer vision. Despite the fast evolution of learning-based 3D semantic segmentation methods, little attention has been drawn to the learning of 3D semantic edge detectors, even less to a joint learning method for the two tasks. In this paper, we tackle the 3D semantic edge detection task for the first time and present a new two-stream fully-convolutional network that jointly performs the two tasks. In particular, we design a joint refinement module that explicitly wires region information and edge information to improve the performances of both tasks. Further, we propose a novel loss function that encourages the network to produce semantic segmentation results with better boundaries. Extensive evaluations on S3DIS and ScanNet datasets show that our method achieves on par or better performance than the state-of-the-art methods for semantic segmentation and outperforms the baseline methods for semantic edge detection. Code release: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hzykent/JSENet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 37.Visual Tracking by TridentAlign and Context Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06887.pdf)
>  Recent advances in Siamese network-based visual tracking methods have enabled high performance on numerous tracking benchmarks. However, extensive scale variations of the target object and distractor objects with similar categories have consistently posed challenges in visual tracking. To address these persisting issues, we propose novel TridentAlign and context embedding modules for Siamese network-based visual tracking methods. The TridentAlign module facilitates adaptability to extensive scale variations and large deformations of the target, where it pools the feature representation of the target object into multiple spatial dimensions to form a feature pyramid, which is then utilized in the region proposal stage. Meanwhile, context embedding module aims to discriminate the target from distractor objects by accounting for the global context information among objects. The context embedding module extracts and embeds the global context information of a given frame into a local feature representation such that the information can be utilized in the final classification stage. Experimental results obtained on multiple benchmark datasets show that the performance of the proposed tracker is comparable to that of state-of-the-art trackers, while the proposed tracker runs at real-time speed.      
### 38.Compare and Reweight: Distinctive Image Captioning Using Similar Images Sets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06877.pdf)
>  A wide range of image captioning models has been developed, achieving significant improvement based on popular metrics, such as BLEU, CIDEr, and SPICE. However, although the generated captions can accurately describe the image, they are generic for similar images and lack distinctiveness, i.e., cannot properly describe the uniqueness of each image. In this paper, we aim to improve the distinctiveness of image captions through training with sets of similar images. First, we propose a distinctiveness metric -- between-set CIDEr (CIDErBtw) to evaluate the distinctiveness of a caption with respect to those of similar images. Our metric shows that the human annotations of each image are not equivalent based on distinctiveness. Thus we propose several new training strategies to encourage the distinctiveness of the generated caption for each image, which are based on using CIDErBtw in a weighted loss function or as a reinforcement learning reward. Finally, extensive experiments are conducted, showing that our proposed approach significantly improves both distinctiveness (as measured by CIDErBtw and retrieval metrics) and accuracy (e.g., as measured by CIDEr) for a wide variety of image captioning baselines. These results are further confirmed through a user study.      
### 39.Alleviating Over-segmentation Errors by Detecting Action Boundaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06866.pdf)
>  We propose an effective framework for the temporal action segmentation task, namely an Action Segment Refinement Framework (ASRF). Our model architecture consists of a long-term feature extractor and two branches: the Action Segmentation Branch (ASB) and the Boundary Regression Branch (BRB). The long-term feature extractor provides shared features for the two branches with a wide temporal receptive field. The ASB classifies video frames with action classes, while the BRB regresses the action boundary probabilities. The action boundaries predicted by the BRB refine the output from the ASB, which results in a significant performance improvement. Our contributions are three-fold: (i) We propose a framework for temporal action segmentation, the ASRF, which divides temporal action segmentation into frame-wise action classification and action boundary regression. Our framework refines frame-level hypotheses of action classes using predicted action boundaries. (ii) We propose a loss function for smoothing the transition of action probabilities, and analyze combinations of various loss functions for temporal action segmentation. (iii) Our framework outperforms state-of-the-art methods on three challenging datasets, offering an improvement of up to 13.7% in terms of segmental edit distance and up to 16.1% in terms of segmental F1 score. Our code will be publicly available soon.      
### 40.BUNET: Blind Medical Image Segmentation Based on Secure UNET  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06855.pdf)
>  The strict security requirements placed on medical records by various privacy regulations become major obstacles in the age of big data. To ensure efficient machine learning as a service schemes while protecting data confidentiality, in this work, we propose blind UNET (BUNET), a secure protocol that implements privacy-preserving medical image segmentation based on the UNET architecture. In BUNET, we efficiently utilize cryptographic primitives such as homomorphic encryption and garbled circuits (GC) to design a complete secure protocol for the UNET neural architecture. In addition, we perform extensive architectural search in reducing the computational bottleneck of GC-based secure activation protocols with high-dimensional input data. In the experiment, we thoroughly examine the parameter space of our protocol, and show that we can achieve up to 14x inference time reduction compared to the-state-of-the-art secure inference technique on a baseline architecture with negligible accuracy degradation.      
### 41.Topology-Change-Aware Volumetric Fusion for Dynamic Scene Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06853.pdf)
>  Topology change is a challenging problem for 4D reconstruction of dynamic scenes. In the classic volumetric fusion-based framework, a mesh is usually extracted from the TSDF volume as the canonical surface representation to help estimating deformation field. However, the surface and Embedded Deformation Graph (EDG) representations bring conflicts under topology changes since the surface mesh has fixed-connectivity but the deformation field can be discontinuous. In this paper, the classic framework is re-designed to enable 4D reconstruction of dynamic scene under topology changes, by introducing a novel structure of Non-manifold Volumetric Grid to the re-design of both TSDF and EDG, which allows connectivity updates by cell splitting and replication. Experiments show convincing reconstruction results for dynamic scenes of topology changes, as compared to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 42.Socially and Contextually Aware Human Motion and Pose Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06843.pdf)
>  Smooth and seamless robot navigation while interacting with humans depends on predicting human movements. Forecasting such human dynamics often involves modeling human trajectories (global motion) or detailed body joint movements (local motion). Prior work typically tackled local and global human movements separately. In this paper, we propose a novel framework to tackle both tasks of human motion (or trajectory) and body skeleton pose forecasting in a unified end-to-end pipeline. To deal with this real-world problem, we consider incorporating both scene and social contexts, as critical clues for this prediction task, into our proposed framework. To this end, we first couple these two tasks by i) encoding their history using a shared Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) encoder and ii) applying a metric as loss, which measures the source of errors in each task jointly as a single distance. Then, we incorporate the scene context by encoding a spatio-temporal representation of the video data. We also include social clues by generating a joint feature representation from motion and pose of all individuals from the scene using a social pooling layer. Finally, we use a GRU based decoder to forecast both motion and skeleton pose. We demonstrate that our proposed framework achieves a superior performance compared to several baselines on two social datasets.      
### 43.Face to Purchase: Predicting Consumer Choices with Structured Facial and Behavioral Traits Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06842.pdf)
>  Predicting consumers' purchasing behaviors is critical for targeted advertisement and sales promotion in e-commerce. Human faces are an invaluable source of information for gaining insights into consumer personality and behavioral traits. However, consumer's faces are largely unexplored in previous research, and the existing face-related studies focus on high-level features such as personality traits while neglecting the business significance of learning from facial data. We propose to predict consumers' purchases based on their facial features and purchasing histories. We design a semi-supervised model based on a hierarchical embedding network to extract high-level features of consumers and to predict the top-$N$ purchase destinations of a consumer. Our experimental results on a real-world dataset demonstrate the positive effect of incorporating facial information in predicting consumers' purchasing behaviors.      
### 44.Top-Related Meta-Learning Method for Few-Shot Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06837.pdf)
>  Many meta-learning methods which depend on a large amount of data and more parameters have been proposed for few-shot detection. They require more cost. However, because of imbalance of categories and less features, previous methods exist obvious problems, the strong bias and poor classification for few-shot detection. Therefore, for meta-learning method of few-shot detection, we propose a TCL which exploits the true-label example and the most similar semantics with the example, and a category-based grouping mechanism which groups categories by appearance and environment to enhance the semantic features between similar categories. The whole training consists of the base classes model and the fine-tuning phase. During training, the meta-features related to the category are regarded as the weights of the prediction layer of detection model, exploiting the meta-features with a shared distribution between categories within a group to improve the detection performance. According to group and category, we split category-related meta-features into different groups, so that the distribution difference between groups is obvious, and the one within each group is less. Experimental results on Pascal VOC dataset demonstrate that ours which combines TCL with category-based grouping significantly outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods for 1, 2-shot detection, and obtains detection APs of almost 30% for 3-shot detection. Especially for 1-shot detection, experiments show that our method achieves detection AP of 20% which outperforms the previous most methods obviously.      
### 45.A Single Stream Network for Robust and Real-time RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06811.pdf)
>  Existing RGB-D salient object detection (SOD) approaches concentrate on the cross-modal fusion between the RGB stream and the depth stream. They do not deeply explore the effect of the depth map itself. In this work, we design a single stream network to directly use the depth map to guide early fusion and middle fusion between RGB and depth, which saves the feature encoder of the depth stream and achieves a lightweight and real-time model. We tactfully utilize depth information from two perspectives: (1) Overcoming the incompatibility problem caused by the great difference between modalities, we build a single stream encoder to achieve the early fusion, which can take full advantage of ImageNet pre-trained backbone model to extract rich and discriminative features. (2) We design a novel depth-enhanced dual attention module (DEDA) to efficiently provide the fore-/back-ground branches with the spatially filtered features, which enables the decoder to optimally perform the middle fusion. Besides, we put forward a pyramidally attended feature extraction module (PAFE) to accurately localize the objects of different scales. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed model performs favorably against most state-of-the-art methods under different evaluation metrics. Furthermore, this model is 55.5\% lighter than the current lightest model and runs at a real-time speed of 32 FPS when processing a $384 \times 384$ image.      
### 46.DeepMSRF: A novel Deep Multimodal Speaker Recognition framework with Feature selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06809.pdf)
>  For recognizing speakers in video streams, significant research studies have been made to obtain a rich machine learning model by extracting high-level speaker's features such as facial expression, emotion, and gender. However, generating such a model is not feasible by using only single modality feature extractors that exploit either audio signals or image frames, extracted from video streams. In this paper, we address this problem from a different perspective and propose an unprecedented multimodality data fusion framework called DeepMSRF, Deep Multimodal Speaker Recognition with Feature selection. We execute DeepMSRF by feeding features of the two modalities, namely speakers' audios and face images. DeepMSRF uses a two-stream VGGNET to train on both modalities to reach a comprehensive model capable of accurately recognizing the speaker's identity. We apply DeepMSRF on a subset of VoxCeleb2 dataset with its metadata merged with VGGFace2 dataset. The goal of DeepMSRF is to identify the gender of the speaker first, and further to recognize his or her name for any given video stream. The experimental results illustrate that DeepMSRF outperforms single modality speaker recognition methods with at least 3 percent accuracy.      
### 47.TCGM: An Information-Theoretic Framework for Semi-Supervised Multi-Modality Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06793.pdf)
>  Fusing data from multiple modalities provides more information to train machine learning systems. However, it is prohibitively expensive and time-consuming to label each modality with a large amount of data, which leads to a crucial problem of semi-supervised multi-modal learning. Existing methods suffer from either ineffective fusion across modalities or lack of theoretical guarantees under proper assumptions. In this paper, we propose a novel information-theoretic approach, namely \textbf{T}otal \textbf{C}orrelation \textbf{G}ain \textbf{M}aximization (TCGM), for semi-supervised multi-modal learning, which is endowed with promising properties: (i) it can utilize effectively the information across different modalities of unlabeled data points to facilitate training classifiers of each modality (ii) it has theoretical guarantee to identify Bayesian classifiers, i.e., the ground truth posteriors of all modalities. Specifically, by maximizing TC-induced loss (namely TC gain) over classifiers of all modalities, these classifiers can cooperatively discover the equivalent class of ground-truth classifiers; and identify the unique ones by leveraging limited percentage of labeled data. We apply our method to various tasks and achieve state-of-the-art results, including news classification, emotion recognition and disease prediction.      
### 48.Meta-rPPG: Remote Heart Rate Estimation Using a Transductive Meta-Learner  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06786.pdf)
>  Remote heart rate estimation is the measurement of heart rate without any physical contact with the subject and is accomplished using remote photoplethysmography (rPPG) in this work. rPPG signals are usually collected using a video camera with a limitation of being sensitive to multiple contributing factors, e.g. variation in skin tone, lighting condition and facial structure. End-to-end supervised learning approach performs well when training data is abundant, covering a distribution that doesn't deviate too much from the distribution of testing data or during deployment. To cope with the unforeseeable distributional changes during deployment, we propose a transductive meta-learner that takes unlabeled samples during testing (deployment) for a self-supervised weight adjustment (also known as transductive inference), providing fast adaptation to the distributional changes. Using this approach, we achieve state-of-the-art performance on MAHNOB-HCI and UBFC-rPPG.      
### 49.Vehicle Trajectory Prediction by Transfer Learning of Semi-Supervised Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06781.pdf)
>  In this work we show that semi-supervised models for vehicle trajectory prediction significantly improve performance over supervised models on state-of-the-art real-world benchmarks. Moving from supervised to semi-supervised models allows scaling-up by using unlabeled data, increasing the number of images in pre-training from Millions to a Billion. We perform ablation studies comparing transfer learning of semi-supervised and supervised models while keeping all other factors equal. Within semi-supervised models we compare contrastive learning with teacher-student methods as well as networks predicting a small number of trajectories with networks predicting probabilities over a large trajectory set. Our results using both low-level and mid-level representations of the driving environment demonstrate the applicability of semi-supervised methods for real-world vehicle trajectory prediction.      
### 50.Semi-supervised Learning with a Teacher-student Network for Generalized Attribute Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06769.pdf)
>  This paper presents a study on semi-supervised learning to solve the visual attribute prediction problem. In many applications of vision algorithms, the precise recognition of visual attributes of objects is important but still challenging. This is because defining a class hierarchy of attributes is ambiguous, so training data inevitably suffer from class imbalance and label sparsity, leading to a lack of effective annotations. An intuitive solution is to find a method to effectively learn image representations by utilizing unlabeled images. With that in mind, we propose a multi-teacher-single-student (MTSS) approach inspired by the multi-task learning and the distillation of semi-supervised learning. Our MTSS learns task-specific domain experts called teacher networks using the label embedding technique and learns a unified model called a student network by forcing a model to mimic the distributions learned by domain experts. Our experiments demonstrate that our method not only achieves competitive performance on various benchmarks for fashion attribute prediction, but also improves robustness and cross-domain adaptability for unseen domains.      
### 51.Patch-wise Attack for Fooling Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06765.pdf)
>  By adding human-imperceptible noise to clean images, the resultant adversarial examples can fool other unknown models. Features of a pixel extracted by deep neural networks (DNNs) are influenced by its surrounding regions, and different DNNs generally focus on different discriminative regions in recognition. Motivated by this, we propose a patch-wise iterative algorithm -- a black-box attack towards mainstream normally trained and defense models, which differs from the existing attack methods manipulating pixel-wise noise. In this way, without sacrificing the performance of white-box attack, our adversarial examples can have strong transferability. Specifically, we introduce an amplification factor to the step size in each iteration, and one pixel's overall gradient overflowing the $\epsilon$-constraint is properly assigned to its surrounding regions by a project kernel. Our method can be generally integrated to any gradient-based attack methods. Compared with the current state-of-the-art attacks, we significantly improve the success rate by 9.2\% for defense models and 3.7\% for normally trained models on average. Our code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/qilong-zhang/Patch-wise-iterative-attack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 52.Personalized Face Modeling for Improved Face Reconstruction and Motion Retargeting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06759.pdf)
>  Traditional methods for image-based 3D face reconstruction and facial motion retargeting fit a 3D morphable model (3DMM) to the face, which has limited modeling capacity and fail to generalize well to in-the-wild data. Use of deformation transfer or multilinear tensor as a personalized 3DMM for blendshape interpolation does not address the fact that facial expressions result in different local and global skin deformations in different persons. Moreover, existing methods learn a single albedo per user which is not enough to capture the expression-specific skin reflectance variations. We propose an end-to-end framework that jointly learns a personalized face model per user and per-frame facial motion parameters from a large corpus of in-the-wild videos of user expressions. Specifically, we learn user-specific expression blendshapes and dynamic (expression-specific) albedo maps by predicting personalized corrections on top of a 3DMM prior. We introduce novel constraints to ensure that the corrected blendshapes retain their semantic meanings and the reconstructed geometry is disentangled from the albedo. Experimental results show that our personalization accurately captures fine-grained facial dynamics in a wide range of conditions and efficiently decouples the learned face model from facial motion, resulting in more accurate face reconstruction and facial motion retargeting compared to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 53.JNR: Joint-based Neural Rig Representation for Compact 3D Face Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06755.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel approach to learn a 3D face model using a joint-based face rig and a neural skinning network. Thanks to the joint-based representation, our model enjoys some significant advantages over prior blendshape-based models. First, it is very compact such that we are orders of magnitude smaller while still keeping strong modeling capacity. Second, because each joint has its semantic meaning, interactive facial geometry editing is made easier and more intuitive. Third, through skinning, our model supports adding mouth interior and eyes, as well as accessories (hair, eye glasses, etc.) in a simpler, more accurate and principled way. We argue that because the human face is highly structured and topologically consistent, it does not need to be learned entirely from data. Instead we can leverage prior knowledge in the form of a human-designed 3D face rig to reduce the data dependency, and learn a compact yet strong face model from only a small dataset (less than one hundred 3D scans). To further improve the modeling capacity, we train a skinning weight generator through adversarial learning. Experiments on fitting high-quality 3D scans (both neutral and expressive), noisy depth images, and RGB images demonstrate that its modeling capacity is on-par with state-of-the-art face models, such as FLAME and Facewarehouse, even though the model is 10 to 20 times smaller. This suggests broad value in both graphics and vision applications on mobile and edge devices.      
### 54.Water level prediction from social media images with a multi-task ranking approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06749.pdf)
>  Floods are among the most frequent and catastrophic natural disasters and affect millions of people worldwide. It is important to create accurate flood maps to plan (offline) and conduct (real-time) flood mitigation and flood rescue operations. Arguably, images collected from social media can provide useful information for that task, which would otherwise be unavailable. We introduce a computer vision system that estimates water depth from social media images taken during flooding events, in order to build flood maps in (near) real-time. We propose a multi-task (deep) learning approach, where a model is trained using both a regression and a pairwise ranking loss. Our approach is motivated by the observation that a main bottleneck for image-based flood level estimation is training data: it is diffcult and requires a lot of effort to annotate uncontrolled images with the correct water depth. We demonstrate how to effciently learn a predictor from a small set of annotated water levels and a larger set of weaker annotations that only indicate in which of two images the water level is higher, and are much easier to obtain. Moreover, we provide a new dataset, named DeepFlood, with 8145 annotated ground-level images, and show that the proposed multi-task approach can predict the water level from a single, crowd-sourced image with ~11 cm root mean square error.      
### 55.DETCID: Detection of Elongated Touching Cells with Inhomogeneous Illumination using a Deep Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06716.pdf)
>  Clostridioides difficile infection (C. diff) is the most common cause of death due to secondary infection in hospital patients in the United States. Detection of C. diff cells in scanning electron microscopy (SEM) images is an important task to quantify the efficacy of the under-development treatments. However, detecting C. diff cells in SEM images is a challenging problem due to the presence of inhomogeneous illumination and occlusion. An Illumination normalization pre-processing step destroys the texture and adds noise to the image. Furthermore, cells are often clustered together resulting in touching cells and occlusion. In this paper, DETCID, a deep cell detection method using adversarial training, specifically robust to inhomogeneous illumination and occlusion, is proposed. An adversarial network is developed to provide region proposals and pass the proposals to a feature extraction network. Furthermore, a modified IoU metric is developed to allow the detection of touching cells in various orientations. The results indicate that DETCID outperforms the state-of-the-art in detection of touching cells in SEM images by at least 20 percent improvement of mean average precision.      
### 56.Embedded Encoder-Decoder in Convolutional Networks Towards Explainable AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06712.pdf)
>  Understanding intermediate layers of a deep learning model and discovering the driving features of stimuli have attracted much interest, recently. Explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) provides a new way to open an AI black box and makes a transparent and interpretable decision. This paper proposes a new explainable convolutional neural network (XCNN) which represents important and driving visual features of stimuli in an end-to-end model architecture. This network employs encoder-decoder neural networks in a CNN architecture to represent regions of interest in an image based on its category. The proposed model is trained without localization labels and generates a heat-map as part of the network architecture without extra post-processing steps. The experimental results on the CIFAR-10, Tiny ImageNet, and MNIST datasets showed the success of our algorithm (XCNN) to make CNNs explainable. Based on visual assessment, the proposed model outperforms the current algorithms in class-specific feature representation and interpretable heatmap generation while providing a simple and flexible network architecture. The initial success of this approach warrants further study to enhance weakly supervised localization and semantic segmentation in explainable frameworks.      
### 57.A Bayesian Evaluation Framework for Ground Truth-Free Visual Recognition Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06711.pdf)
>  An interesting development in automatic visual recognition has been the emergence of tasks where it is not possible to assign ground truth labels to images, yet still feasible to collect annotations that reflect human judgements about them. Such tasks include subjective visual attribute assignment and the labeling of ambiguous scenes. Machine learning-based predictors for these tasks rely on supervised training that models the behavior of the annotators, e.g., what would the average person's judgement be for an image? A key open question for this type of work, especially for applications where inconsistency with human behavior can lead to ethical lapses, is how to evaluate the uncertainty of trained predictors. Given that the real answer is unknowable, we are left with often noisy judgements from human annotators to work with. In order to account for the uncertainty that is present, we propose a relative Bayesian framework for evaluating predictors trained on such data. The framework specifies how to estimate a predictor's uncertainty due to the human labels by approximating a conditional distribution and producing a credible interval for the predictions and their measures of performance. The framework is successfully applied to four image classification tasks that use subjective human judgements: facial beauty assessment using the SCUT-FBP5500 dataset, social attribute assignment using data from <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://TestMyBrain.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>, apparent age estimation using data from the ChaLearn series of challenges, and ambiguous scene labeling using the LabelMe dataset.      
### 58.Measuring Performance of Generative Adversarial Networks on Devanagari Script  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06710.pdf)
>  The working of neural networks following the adversarial philosophy to create a generative model is a fascinating field. Multiple papers have already explored the architectural aspect and proposed systems with potentially good results however, very few papers are available which implement it on a real-world example. Traditionally, people use the famous MNIST dataset as a Hello, World! example for implementing Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN). Instead of going the standard route of using handwritten digits, this paper uses the Devanagari script which has a more complex structure. As there is no conventional way of judging how well the generative models perform, three additional classifiers were built to judge the output of the GAN model. The following paper is an explanation of what this implementation has achieved.      
### 59.Deep Image Orientation Angle Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06709.pdf)
>  Estimating and rectifying the orientation angle of any image is a pretty challenging task. Initial work used the hand engineering features for this purpose, where after the invention of deep learning using convolution-based neural network showed significant improvement in this problem. However, this paper shows that the combination of CNN and a custom loss function specially designed for angles lead to a state-of-the-art results. This includes the estimation of the orientation angle of any image or document at any degree (0 to 360 degree),      
### 60.CPL-SLAM: Efficient and Certifiably Correct Planar Graph-Based SLAM Using the Complex Number Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06708.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of planar graph-based simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) that involves both poses of the autonomous agent and positions of observed landmarks. We present CPL-SLAM, an efficient and certifiably correct algorithm to solve planar graph-based SLAM using the complex number representation. We formulate and simplify planar graph-based SLAM as the maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) on the product of unit complex numbers, and relax this nonconvex quadratic complex optimization problem to convex complex semidefinite programming (SDP). Furthermore, we simplify the corresponding complex semidefinite programming to Riemannian staircase optimization (RSO) on the complex oblique manifold that can be solved with the Riemannian trust region (RTR) method. In addition, we prove that the SDP relaxation and RSO simplification are tight as long as the noise magnitude is below a certain threshold. The efficacy of this work is validated through applications of CPL-SLAM and comparisons with existing state-of-the-art methods on planar graph-based SLAM, which indicates that our proposed algorithm is capable of solving planar graph-based SLAM certifiably, and is more efficient in numerical computation and more robust to measurement noise than existing state-of-the-art methods. The C++ code for CPL-SLAM is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MurpheyLab/CPL-SLAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 61.Domain Adaptation for Robust Workload Classification using fNIRS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06706.pdf)
>  Significance: We demonstrated the potential of using domain adaptation on functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy (fNIRS) data to detect and discriminate different levels of n-back tasks that involve working memory across different experiment sessions and subjects. <br>Aim: To address the domain shift in fNIRS data across sessions and subjects for task label alignment, we exploited two domain adaptation approaches - Gromov-Wasserstein (G-W) and Fused Gromov-Wasserstein (FG-W). <br>Approach: We applied G-W for session-by-session alignment and FG-W for subject-by-subject alignment with Hellinger distance as underlying metric to fNIRS data acquired during different n-back task levels. We also compared with a supervised method - Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). <br>Results: For session-by-session alignment, using G-W resulted in alignment accuracy of 70 $\pm$ 4 % (weighted mean $\pm$ standard error), whereas using CNN resulted in classification accuracy of 58 $\pm$ 5 % across five subjects. For subject-by-subject alignment, using FG-W resulted in alignment accuracy of 55 $\pm$ 3 %, whereas using CNN resulted in classification accuracy of 45 $\pm$ 1 %. Where in both cases 25 % represents chance. We also showed that removal of motion artifacts from the fNIRS data plays an important role in improving alignment performance. <br>Conclusions: Domain adaptation is potential for session-by-session and subject-by-subject alignment using fNIRS data.      
### 62.Unsupervised object-centric video generation and decomposition in 3D  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06705.pdf)
>  A natural approach to generative modeling of videos is to represent them as a composition of moving objects. Recent works model a set of 2D sprites over a slowly-varying background, but without considering the underlying 3D scene that gives rise to them. We instead propose to model a video as the view seen while moving through a scene with multiple 3D objects and a 3D background. Our model is trained from monocular videos without any supervision, yet learns to generate coherent 3D scenes containing several moving objects. We conduct detailed experiments on two datasets, going beyond the visual complexity supported by state-of-the-art generative approaches. We evaluate our method on depth-prediction and 3D object detection---tasks which cannot be addressed by those earlier works---and show it out-performs them even on 2D instance segmentation and tracking.      
### 63.UnRectDepthNet: Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation using a Generic Framework for Handling Common Camera Distortion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06676.pdf)
>  In classical computer vision, rectification is an integral part of multi-view depth estimation. It typically includes epipolar rectification and lens distortion correction. This process simplifies the depth estimation significantly, and thus it has been adopted in CNN approaches. However, rectification has several side effects, including a reduced field-of-view (FOV), resampling distortion, and sensitivity to calibration errors. The effects are particularly pronounced in case of significant distortion (e.g., wide-angle fisheye cameras). In this paper, we propose a generic scale-aware self-supervised pipeline for estimating depth, euclidean distance, and visual odometry from unrectified monocular videos. We demonstrate a similar level of precision on the unrectified KITTI dataset with barrel distortion comparable to the rectified KITTI dataset. The intuition being that the rectification step can be implicitly absorbed within the CNN model, which learns the distortion model without increasing complexity. Our approach does not suffer from a reduced field of view and avoids computational costs for rectification at inference time. To further illustrate the general applicability of the proposed framework, we apply it to wide-angle fisheye cameras with 190$^\circ$ horizontal field-of-view (FOV). The training framework UnRectDepthNet takes in the camera distortion model as an argument and adapts projection and unprojection functions accordingly. The proposed algorithm is evaluated further on the KITTI dataset, and we achieve state-of-the-art results that improve upon our previous work FisheyeDistanceNet. Qualitative results on a distorted test scene video sequence indicate excellent performance <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/K6pbx3bU4Ss" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 64.Learning Differential Diagnosis of Skin Conditions with Co-occurrence Supervision using Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06666.pdf)
>  Skin conditions are reported the 4th leading cause of nonfatal disease burden worldwide. However, given the colossal spectrum of skin disorders defined clinically and shortage in dermatology expertise, diagnosing skin conditions in a timely and accurate manner remains a challenging task. Using computer vision technologies, a deep learning system has proven effective assisting clinicians in image diagnostics of radiology, ophthalmology and more. In this paper, we propose a deep learning system (DLS) that may predict differential diagnosis of skin conditions using clinical images. Our DLS formulates the differential diagnostics as a multi-label classification task over 80 conditions when only incomplete image labels are available. We tackle the label incompleteness problem by combining a classification network with a Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) that characterizes label co-occurrence and effectively regularizes it towards a sparse representation. Our approach is demonstrated on 136,462 clinical images and concludes that the classification accuracy greatly benefit from the Co-occurrence supervision. Our DLS achieves 93.6% top-5 accuracy on 12,378 test images and consistently outperform the baseline classification network.      
### 65.Improving Pixel Embedding Learning through Intermediate Distance Regression Supervision for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06660.pdf)
>  As a proposal-free approach, instance segmentation through pixel embedding learning and clustering is gaining more emphasis. Compared with bounding box refinement approaches, such as Mask R-CNN, it has potential advantages in handling complex shapes and dense objects. In this work, we propose a simple, yet highly effective, architecture for object-aware embedding learning. A distance regression module is incorporated into our architecture to generate seeds for fast clustering. At the same time, we show that the features learned by the distance regression module are able to promote the accuracy of learned object-aware embeddings significantly. By simply concatenating features of the distance regression module to the images as inputs of the embedding module, the mSBD scores on the CVPPP Leaf Segmentation Challenge can be further improved by more than 8% compared to the identical set-up without concatenation, yielding the best overall result amongst the leaderboard at CodaLab.      
### 66.Adversarial Background-Aware Loss for Weakly-supervised Temporal Activity Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06643.pdf)
>  Temporally localizing activities within untrimmed videos has been extensively studied in recent years. Despite recent advances, existing methods for weakly-supervised temporal activity localization struggle to recognize when an activity is not occurring. To address this issue, we propose a novel method named A2CL-PT. Two triplets of the feature space are considered in our approach: one triplet is used to learn discriminative features for each activity class, and the other one is used to distinguish the features where no activity occurs (i.e. background features) from activity-related features for each video. To further improve the performance, we build our network using two parallel branches which operate in an adversarial way: the first branch localizes the most salient activities of a video and the second one finds other supplementary activities from non-localized parts of the video. Extensive experiments performed on THUMOS14 and ActivityNet datasets demonstrate that our proposed method is effective. Specifically, the average mAP of IoU thresholds from 0.1 to 0.9 on the THUMOS14 dataset is significantly improved from 27.9% to 30.0%.      
### 67.Storing Encoded Episodes as Concepts for Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06637.pdf)
>  The two main challenges faced by continual learning approaches are catastrophic forgetting and memory limitations on the storage of data. To cope with these challenges, we propose a novel, cognitively-inspired approach which trains autoencoders with Neural Style Transfer to encode and store images. Reconstructed images from encoded episodes are replayed when training the classifier model on a new task to avoid catastrophic forgetting. The loss function for the reconstructed images is weighted to reduce its effect during classifier training to cope with image degradation. When the system runs out of memory the encoded episodes are converted into centroids and covariance matrices, which are used to generate pseudo-images during classifier training, keeping classifier performance stable with less memory. Our approach increases classification accuracy by 13-17% over state-of-the-art methods on benchmark datasets, while requiring 78% less storage space.      
### 68.Deep Doubly Supervised Transfer Network for Diagnosis of Breast Cancer with Imbalanced Ultrasound Imaging Modalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06634.pdf)
>  Elastography ultrasound (EUS) provides additional bio-mechanical in-formation about lesion for B-mode ultrasound (BUS) in the diagnosis of breast cancers. However, joint utilization of both BUS and EUS is not popular due to the lack of EUS devices in rural hospitals, which arouses a novel modality im-balance problem in computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) for breast cancers. Current transfer learning (TL) pay little attention to this special issue of clinical modality imbalance, that is, the source domain (EUS modality) has fewer labeled samples than those in the target domain (BUS modality). Moreover, these TL methods cannot fully use the label information to explore the intrinsic relation between two modalities and then guide the promoted knowledge transfer. To this end, we propose a novel doubly supervised TL network (DDSTN) that integrates the Learning Using Privileged Information (LUPI) paradigm and the Maximum Mean Discrepancy (MMD) criterion into a unified deep TL framework. The proposed algorithm can not only make full use of the shared labels to effectively guide knowledge transfer by LUPI paradigm, but also perform additional super-vised transfer between unpaired data. We further introduce the MMD criterion to enhance the knowledge transfer. The experimental results on the breast ultra-sound dataset indicate that the proposed DDSTN outperforms all the compared state-of-the-art algorithms for the BUS-based CAD.      
### 69.Path Signatures on Lie Groups  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06633.pdf)
>  Path signatures are powerful nonparametric tools for time series analysis, shown to form a universal and characteristic feature map for Euclidean valued time series data. We lift the theory of path signatures to the setting of Lie group valued time series, adapting these tools for time series with underlying geometric constraints. We prove that this generalized path signature is universal and characteristic. To demonstrate universality, we analyze the human action recognition problem in computer vision, using $SO(3)$ representations for the time series, providing comparable performance to other shallow learning approaches, while offering an easily interpretable feature set. We also provide a two-sample hypothesis test for Lie group-valued random walks to illustrate its characteristic property. Finally we provide algorithms and a Julia implementation of these methods.      
### 70.Dense Crowds Detection and Counting with a Lightweight Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06630.pdf)
>  In the context of crowd counting, most of the works have focused on improving the accuracy without regard to the performance leading to algorithms that are not suitable for embedded applications. In this paper, we propose a lightweight convolutional neural network architecture to perform crowd detection and counting using fewer computer resources without a significant loss on count accuracy. The architecture was trained using the Bayes loss function to further improve its accuracy and then pruned to further reduce the computational resources used. The proposed architecture was tested over the USF-QNRF achieving a competitive Mean Average Error of 154.07 and a superior Mean Square Error of 241.77 while maintaining a competitive number of parameters of 0.067 Million. The obtained results suggest that the Bayes loss can be used with other architectures to further improve them and also the last convolutional layer provides no significant information and even encourage over-fitting at training.      
### 71.A new approach to descriptors generation for image retrieval by analyzing activations of deep neural network layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06624.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of descriptors construction for the task of content-based image retrieval using deep neural networks. The idea of neural codes, based on fully connected layers activations, is extended by incorporating the information contained in convolutional layers. It is known that the total number of neurons in the convolutional part of the network is large and the majority of them have little influence on the final classification decision. Therefore, in the paper we propose a novel algorithm that allows us to extract the most significant neuron activations and utilize this information to construct effective descriptors. The descriptors consisting of values taken from both the fully connected and convolutional layers perfectly represent the whole image content. The images retrieved using these descriptors match semantically very well to the query image, and also they are similar in other secondary image characteristics, like background, textures or color distribution. These features of the proposed descriptors are verified experimentally based on the IMAGENET1M dataset using the VGG16 neural network.      
### 72.AUTO3D: Novel view synthesis through unsupervisely learned variational viewpoint and global 3D representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06620.pdf)
>  This paper targets on learning-based novel view synthesis from a single or limited 2D images without the pose supervision. In the viewer-centered coordinates, we construct an end-to-end trainable conditional variational framework to disentangle the unsupervisely learned relative-pose/rotation and implicit global 3D representation (shape, texture and the origin of viewer-centered coordinates, etc.). The global appearance of the 3D object is given by several appearance-describing images taken from any number of viewpoints. Our spatial correlation module extracts a global 3D representation from the appearance-describing images in a permutation invariant manner. Our system can achieve implicitly 3D understanding without explicitly 3D reconstruction. With an unsupervisely learned viewer-centered relative-pose/rotation code, the decoder can hallucinate the novel view continuously by sampling the relative-pose in a prior distribution. In various applications, we demonstrate that our model can achieve comparable or even better results than pose/3D model-supervised learning-based novel view synthesis (NVS) methods with any number of input views.      
### 73.Closed-Form Factorization of Latent Semantics in GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06600.pdf)
>  A rich set of semantic attributes has been shown to emerge in the latent space of the Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) trained for synthesizing images. In order to identify such latent semantics for image manipulation, previous methods annotate a collection of synthesized samples and then train supervised classifiers in the latent space. However, they require a clear definition of the target attribute as well as the corresponding manual annotations, severely limiting their applications in practice. In this work, we examine the internal representation learned by GANs to reveal the underlying variation factors in an unsupervised manner. By studying the essential role of the fully-connected layer that takes the latent code into the generator of GANs, we propose a general closed-form factorization method for latent semantic discovery. The properties of the identified semantics are further analyzed both theoretically and empirically. With its fast and efficient implementation, our approach is capable of not only finding latent semantics as accurately as the state-of-the-art supervised methods, but also resulting in far more versatile semantic classes across multiple GAN models trained on a wide range of datasets.      
### 74.Towards causal benchmarking of bias in face analysis algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06570.pdf)
>  Measuring algorithmic bias is crucial both to assess algorithmic fairness, and to guide the improvement of algorithms. Current methods to measure algorithmic bias in computer vision, which are based on observational datasets, are inadequate for this task because they conflate algorithmic bias with dataset bias. <br>To address this problem we develop an experimental method for measuring algorithmic bias of face analysis algorithms, which manipulates directly the attributes of interest, e.g., gender and skin tone, in order to reveal causal links between attribute variation and performance change. Our proposed method is based on generating synthetic ``transects'' of matched sample images that are designed to differ along specific attributes while leaving other attributes constant. A crucial aspect of our approach is relying on the perception of human observers, both to guide manipulations, and to measure algorithmic bias. <br>Besides allowing the measurement of algorithmic bias, synthetic transects have other advantages with respect to observational datasets: they sample attributes more evenly allowing for more straightforward bias analysis on minority and intersectional groups, they enable prediction of bias in new scenarios, they greatly reduce ethical and legal challenges, and they are economical and fast to obtain, helping make bias testing affordable and widely available. <br>We validate our method by comparing it to a study that employs the traditional observational method for analyzing bias in gender classification algorithms. The two methods reach different conclusions. While the observational method reports gender and skin color biases, the experimental method reveals biases due to gender, hair length, age, and facial hair.      
### 75.Cross-Domain Medical Image Translation by Shared Latent Gaussian Mixture Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07230.pdf)
>  Current deep learning based segmentation models often generalize poorly between domains due to insufficient training data. In real-world clinical applications, cross-domain image analysis tools are in high demand since medical images from different domains are often needed to achieve a precise diagnosis. An important example in radiology is generalizing from non-contrast CT to contrast enhanced CTs. Contrast enhanced CT scans at different phases are used to enhance certain pathologies or organs. Many existing cross-domain image-to-image translation models have been shown to improve cross-domain segmentation of large organs. However, such models lack the ability to preserve fine structures during the translation process, which is significant for many clinical applications, such as segmenting small calcified plaques in the aorta and pelvic arteries. In order to preserve fine structures during medical image translation, we propose a patch-based model using shared latent variables from a Gaussian mixture model. We compare our image translation framework to several state-of-the-art methods on cross-domain image translation and show our model does a better job preserving fine structures. The superior performance of our model is verified by performing two tasks with the translated images - detection and segmentation of aortic plaques and pancreas segmentation. We expect the utility of our framework will extend to other problems beyond segmentation due to the improved quality of the generated images and enhanced ability to preserve small structures.      
### 76.Conditional Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07177.pdf)
>  This work introduces Conditional Image Retrieval (CIR) systems: IR methods that can efficiently specialize to specific subsets of images on the fly. These systems broaden the class of queries IR systems support, and eliminate the need for expensive re-fitting to specific subsets of data. Specifically, we adapt tree-based K-Nearest Neighbor (KNN) data-structures to the conditional setting by introducing additional inverted-index data-structures. This speeds conditional queries and does not slow queries without conditioning. We present two new datasets for evaluating the performance of CIR systems and evaluate a variety of design choices. As a motivating application, we present an algorithm that can explore shared semantic content between works of art of vastly different media and cultural origin. Finally, we demonstrate that CIR data-structures can identify Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) ``blind spots'': areas where GANs fail to properly model the true data distribution.      
### 77.MFRNet: A New CNN Architecture for Post-Processing and In-loop Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07099.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture, MFRNet, for post-processing (PP) and in-loop filtering (ILF) in the context of video compression. This network consists of four Multi-level Feature review Residual dense Blocks (MFRBs), which are connected using a cascading structure. Each MFRB extracts features from multiple convolutional layers using dense connections and a multi-level residual learning structure. In order to further improve information flow between these blocks, each of them also reuses high dimensional features from the previous MFRB. This network has been integrated into PP and ILF coding modules for both HEVC (HM 16.20) and VVC (VTM 7.0), and fully evaluated under the JVET Common Test Conditions using the Random Access configuration. The experimental results show significant and consistent coding gains over both anchor codecs (HEVC HM and VVC VTM) and also over other existing CNN-based PP/ILF approaches based on Bjontegaard Delta measurements using both PSNR and VMAF for quality assessment. When MFRNet is integrated into HM 16.20, gains up to 16.0% (BD-rate VMAF) are demonstrated for ILF, and up to 21.0% (BD-rate VMAF) for PP. The respective gains for VTM 7.0 are up to 5.1% for ILF and up to 7.1% for PP.      
### 78.Nodule2vec: a 3D Deep Learning System for Pulmonary Nodule Retrieval Using Semantic Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07081.pdf)
>  Content-based retrieval supports a radiologist decision making process by presenting the doctor the most similar cases from the database containing both historical diagnosis and further disease development history. We present a deep learning system that transforms a 3D image of a pulmonary nodule from a CT scan into a low-dimensional embedding vector. We demonstrate that such a vector representation preserves semantic information about the nodule and offers a viable approach for content-based image retrieval (CBIR). We discuss the theoretical limitations of the available datasets and overcome them by applying transfer learning of the state-of-the-art lung nodule detection model. We evaluate the system using the LIDC-IDRI dataset of thoracic CT scans. We devise a similarity score and show that it can be utilized to measure similarity 1) between annotations of the same nodule by different radiologists and 2) between the query nodule and the top four CBIR results. A comparison between doctors and algorithm scores suggests that the benefit provided by the system to the radiologist end-user is comparable to obtaining a second radiologist's opinion.      
### 79.A Weakly Supervised Region-Based Active Learning Method for COVID-19 Segmentation in CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07012.pdf)
>  One of the key challenges in the battle against the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is to detect and quantify the severity of the disease in a timely manner. Computed tomographies (CT) of the lungs are effective for assessing the state of the infection. Unfortunately, labeling CT scans can take a lot of time and effort, with up to 150 minutes per scan. We address this challenge introducing a scalable, fast, and accurate active learning system that accelerates the labeling of CT scan images. Conventionally, active learning methods require the labelers to annotate whole images with full supervision, but that can lead to wasted efforts as many of the annotations could be redundant. Thus, our system presents the annotator with unlabeled regions that promise high information content and low annotation cost. Further, the system allows annotators to label regions using point-level supervision, which is much cheaper to acquire than per-pixel annotations. Our experiments on open-source COVID-19 datasets show that using an entropy-based method to rank unlabeled regions yields to significantly better results than random labeling of these regions. Also, we show that labeling small regions of images is more efficient than labeling whole images. Finally, we show that with only 7\% of the labeling effort required to label the whole training set gives us around 90\% of the performance obtained by training the model on the fully annotated training set. Code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IssamLaradji/covid19_active_learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 80.Automated Synthetic-to-Real Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06965.pdf)
>  Models trained on synthetic images often face degraded generalization to real data. As a convention, these models are often initialized with ImageNet pre-trained representation. Yet the role of ImageNet knowledge is seldom discussed despite common practices that leverage this knowledge to maintain the generalization ability. An example is the careful hand-tuning of early stopping and layer-wise learning rates, which is shown to improve synthetic-to-real generalization but is also laborious and heuristic. In this work, we explicitly encourage the synthetically trained model to maintain similar representations with the ImageNet pre-trained model, and propose a \textit{learning-to-optimize (L2O)} strategy to automate the selection of layer-wise learning rates. We demonstrate that the proposed framework can significantly improve the synthetic-to-real generalization performance without seeing and training on real data, while also benefiting downstream tasks such as domain adaptation. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NVlabs/ASG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 81.Lifelong Learning using Eigentasks: Task Separation, Skill Acquisition, and Selective Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06918.pdf)
>  We introduce the eigentask framework for lifelong learning. An eigentask is a pairing of a skill that solves a set of related tasks, paired with a generative model that can sample from the skill's input space. The framework extends generative replay approaches, which have mainly been used to avoid catastrophic forgetting, to also address other lifelong learning goals such as forward knowledge transfer. We propose a wake-sleep cycle of alternating task learning and knowledge consolidation for learning in our framework, and instantiate it for lifelong supervised learning and lifelong RL. We achieve improved performance over the state-of-the-art in supervised continual learning, and show evidence of forward knowledge transfer in a lifelong RL application in the game Starcraft2.      
### 82.Our Evaluation Metric Needs an Update to Encourage Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06898.pdf)
>  Models that surpass human performance on several popular benchmarks display significant degradation in performance on exposure to Out of Distribution (OOD) data. Recent research has shown that models overfit to spurious biases and `hack' datasets, in lieu of learning generalizable features like humans. In order to stop the inflation in model performance -- and thus overestimation in AI systems' capabilities -- we propose a simple and novel evaluation metric, WOOD Score, that encourages generalization during evaluation.      
### 83.From Symmetry to Geometry: Tractable Nonconvex Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06753.pdf)
>  As science and engineering have become increasingly data-driven, the role of optimization has expanded to touch almost every stage of the data analysis pipeline, from the signal and data acquisition to modeling and prediction. The optimization problems encountered in practice are often nonconvex. While challenges vary from problem to problem, one common source of nonconvexity is nonlinearity in the data or measurement model. Nonlinear models often exhibit symmetries, creating complicated, nonconvex objective landscapes, with multiple equivalent solutions. Nevertheless, simple methods (e.g., gradient descent) often perform surprisingly well in practice. <br>The goal of this survey is to highlight a class of tractable nonconvex problems, which can be understood through the lens of symmetries. These problems exhibit a characteristic geometric structure: local minimizers are symmetric copies of a single ``ground truth'' solution, while other critical points occur at balanced superpositions of symmetric copies of the ground truth, and exhibit negative curvature in directions that break the symmetry. This structure enables efficient methods to obtain global minimizers. We discuss examples of this phenomenon arising from a wide range of problems in imaging, signal processing, and data analysis. We highlight the key role of symmetry in shaping the objective landscape and discuss the different roles of rotational and discrete symmetries. This area is rich with observed phenomena and open problems; we close by highlighting directions for future research.      
### 84.An Interpretable Baseline for Time Series Classification Without Intensive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06682.pdf)
>  Recent advances in time series classification have largely focused on methods that either employ deep learning or utilize other machine learning models for feature extraction. Though such methods have proven powerful, they can also require computationally expensive models that may lack interpretability of results, or may require larger datasets than are freely available. In this paper, we propose an interpretable baseline based on representing each time series as a collection of probability distributions of extracted geometric features. The features used are intuitive and require minimal parameter tuning. We perform an exhaustive evaluation of our baseline on a large number of real datasets, showing that simple classifiers trained on these features exhibit surprising performance relative to state of the art methods requiring much more computational power. In particular, we show that our methodology achieves good performance on a challenging dataset involving the classification of fishing vessels, where our methods achieve good performance relative to the state of the art despite only having access to approximately two percent of the dataset used in training and evaluating this state of the art.      
### 85.Landslide Segmentation with U-Net: Evaluating Different Sampling Methods and Patch Sizes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06672.pdf)
>  Landslide inventory maps are crucial to validate predictive landslide models; however, since most mapping methods rely on visual interpretation or expert knowledge, detailed inventory maps are still lacking. This study used a fully convolutional deep learning model named U-net to automatically segment landslides in the city of Nova Friburgo, located in the mountainous range of Rio de Janeiro, southeastern Brazil. The objective was to evaluate the impact of patch sizes, sampling methods, and datasets on the overall accuracy of the models. The training data used the optical information from RapidEye satellite, and a digital elevation model (DEM) derived from the L-band sensor of the ALOS satellite. The data was sampled using random and regular grid methods and patched in three sizes (32x32, 64x64, and 128x128 pixels). The models were evaluated on two areas with precision, recall, f1-score, and mean intersect over union (mIoU) metrics. The results show that the models trained with 32x32 tiles tend to have higher recall values due to higher true positive rates; however, they misclassify more background areas as landslides (false positives). Models trained with 128x128 tiles usually achieve higher precision values because they make less false positive errors. In both test areas, DEM and augmentation increased the accuracy of the models. Random sampling helped in model generalization. Models trained with 128x128 random tiles from the data that used the RapidEye image, DEM information, and augmentation achieved the highest f1-score, 0.55 in test area one, and 0.58 in test area two. The results achieved in this study are comparable to other fully convolutional models found in the literature, increasing the knowledge in the area.      
### 86.T-Basis: a Compact Representation for Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06631.pdf)
>  We introduce T-Basis, a novel concept for a compact representation of a set of tensors, each of an arbitrary shape, which is often seen in Neural Networks. Each of the tensors in the set is modeled using Tensor Rings, though the concept applies to other Tensor Networks. Owing its name to the T-shape of nodes in diagram notation of Tensor Rings, T-Basis is simply a list of equally shaped three-dimensional tensors, used to represent Tensor Ring nodes. Such representation allows us to parameterize the tensor set with a small number of parameters (coefficients of the T-Basis tensors), scaling logarithmically with each tensor's size in the set and linearly with the dimensionality of T-Basis. We evaluate the proposed approach on the task of neural network compression and demonstrate that it reaches high compression rates at acceptable performance drops. Finally, we analyze memory and operation requirements of the compressed networks and conclude that T-Basis networks are equally well suited for training and inference in resource-constrained environments and usage on the edge devices.      
### 87.Inferring the 3D Standing Spine Posture from 2D Radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06612.pdf)
>  The treatment of degenerative spinal disorders requires an understanding of the individual spinal anatomy and curvature in 3D. An upright spinal pose (i.e. standing) under natural weight bearing is crucial for such bio-mechanical analysis. 3D volumetric imaging modalities (e.g. CT and MRI) are performed in patients lying down. On the other hand, radiographs are captured in an upright pose, but result in 2D projections. This work aims to integrate the two realms, i.e. it combines the upright spinal curvature from radiographs with the 3D vertebral shape from CT imaging for synthesizing an upright 3D model of spine, loaded naturally. Specifically, we propose a novel neural network architecture working vertebra-wise, termed \emph{TransVert}, which takes orthogonal 2D radiographs and infers the spine's 3D posture. We validate our architecture on digitally reconstructed radiographs, achieving a 3D reconstruction Dice of $95.52\%$, indicating an almost perfect 2D-to-3D domain translation. Deploying our model on clinical radiographs, we successfully synthesise full-3D, upright, patient-specific spine models for the first time.      
### 88.FocusLiteNN: High Efficiency Focus Quality Assessment for Digital Pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.06565.pdf)
>  Out-of-focus microscopy lens in digital pathology is a critical bottleneck in high-throughput Whole Slide Image (WSI) scanning platforms, for which pixel-level automated Focus Quality Assessment (FQA) methods are highly desirable to help significantly accelerate the clinical workflows. Existing FQA methods include both knowledge-driven and data-driven approaches. While data-driven approaches such as Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based methods have shown great promises, they are difficult to use in practice due to their high computational complexity and lack of transferability. Here, we propose a highly efficient CNN-based model that maintains fast computations similar to the knowledge-driven methods without excessive hardware requirements such as GPUs. We create a training dataset using FocusPath which encompasses diverse tissue slides across nine different stain colors, where the stain diversity greatly helps the model to learn diverse color spectrum and tissue structures. In our attempt to reduce the CNN complexity, we find with surprise that even trimming down the CNN to the minimal level, it still achieves a highly competitive performance. We introduce a novel comprehensive evaluation dataset, the largest of its kind, annotated and compiled from TCGA repository for model assessment and comparison, for which the proposed method exhibits superior precision-speed trade-off when compared with existing knowledge-driven and data-driven FQA approaches.      
### 89.Batch-level Experience Replay with Review for Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.05683.pdf)
>  Continual learning is a branch of deep learning that seeks to strike a balance between learning stability and plasticity. The CVPR 2020 CLVision Continual Learning for Computer Vision challenge is dedicated to evaluating and advancing the current state-of-the-art continual learning methods using the CORe50 dataset with three different continual learning scenarios. This paper presents our approach, called Batch-level Experience Replay with Review, to this challenge. Our team achieved the 1'st place in all three scenarios out of 79 participated teams. The codebase of our implementation is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RaptorMai/CVPR20_CLVision_challenge" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
