# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 16 Jul 2020
### 1.AdaptiveReID: Adaptive L2 Regularization in Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07875.pdf)
>  We introduce an adaptive L2 regularization mechanism termed AdaptiveReID, in the setting of person re-identification. In the literature, it is common practice to utilize hand-picked regularization factors which remain constant throughout the training procedure. Unlike existing approaches, the regularization factors in our proposed method are updated adaptively through backpropagation. This is achieved by incorporating trainable scalar variables as the regularization factors, which are further fed into a scaled hard sigmoid function. Extensive experiments on the Market-1501, DukeMTMC-reID and MSMT17 datasets validate the effectiveness of our framework. Most notably, we obtain state-of-the-art performance on MSMT17, which is the largest dataset for person re-identification. Source code will be published at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nixingyang/AdaptiveReID" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Transformation Consistency Regularization- A Semi-Supervised Paradigm for Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07867.pdf)
>  Scarcity of labeled data has motivated the development of semi-supervised learning methods, which learn from large portions of unlabeled data alongside a few labeled samples. Consistency Regularization between model's predictions under different input perturbations, particularly has shown to provide state-of-the art results in a semi-supervised framework. However, most of these method have been limited to classification and segmentation applications. We propose Transformation Consistency Regularization, which delves into a more challenging setting of image-to-image translation, which remains unexplored by semi-supervised algorithms. The method introduces a diverse set of geometric transformations and enforces the model's predictions for unlabeled data to be invariant to those transformations. We evaluate the efficacy of our algorithm on three different applications: image colorization, denoising and super-resolution. Our method is significantly data efficient, requiring only around 10 - 20% of labeled samples to achieve similar image reconstructions to its fully-supervised counterpart. Furthermore, we show the effectiveness of our method in video processing applications, where knowledge from a few frames can be leveraged to enhance the quality of the rest of the movie.      
### 3.Few-shot Scene-adaptive Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07843.pdf)
>  We address the problem of anomaly detection in videos. The goal is to identify unusual behaviours automatically by learning exclusively from normal videos. Most existing approaches are usually data-hungry and have limited generalization abilities. They usually need to be trained on a large number of videos from a target scene to achieve good results in that scene. In this paper, we propose a novel few-shot scene-adaptive anomaly detection problem to address the limitations of previous approaches. Our goal is to learn to detect anomalies in a previously unseen scene with only a few frames. A reliable solution for this new problem will have huge potential in real-world applications since it is expensive to collect a massive amount of data for each target scene. We propose a meta-learning based approach for solving this new problem; extensive experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 4.VidCEP: Complex Event Processing Framework to Detect Spatiotemporal Patterns in Video Streams  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07817.pdf)
>  Video data is highly expressive and has traditionally been very difficult for a machine to interpret. Querying event patterns from video streams is challenging due to its unstructured representation. Middleware systems such as Complex Event Processing (CEP) mine patterns from data streams and send notifications to users in a timely fashion. Current CEP systems have inherent limitations to query video streams due to their unstructured data model and lack of expressive query language. In this work, we focus on a CEP framework where users can define high-level expressive queries over videos to detect a range of spatiotemporal event patterns. In this context, we propose: i) VidCEP, an in-memory, on the fly, near real-time complex event matching framework for video streams. The system uses a graph-based event representation for video streams which enables the detection of high-level semantic concepts from video using cascades of Deep Neural Network models, ii) a Video Event Query language (VEQL) to express high-level user queries for video streams in CEP, iii) a complex event matcher to detect spatiotemporal video event patterns by matching expressive user queries over video data. The proposed approach detects spatiotemporal video event patterns with an F-score ranging from 0.66 to 0.89. VidCEP maintains near real-time performance with an average throughput of 70 frames per second for 5 parallel videos with sub-second matching latency.      
### 5.Data-Efficient Deep Learning Method for Image Classification Using Data Augmentation, Focal Cosine Loss, and Ensemble  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07805.pdf)
>  In general, sufficient data is essential for the better performance and generalization of deep-learning models. However, lots of limitations(cost, resources, etc.) of data collection leads to lack of enough data in most of the areas. In addition, various domains of each data sources and licenses also lead to difficulties in collection of sufficient data. This situation makes us hard to utilize not only the pre-trained model, but also the external knowledge. Therefore, it is important to leverage small dataset effectively for achieving the better performance. We applied some techniques in three aspects: data, loss function, and prediction to enable training from scratch with less data. With these methods, we obtain high accuracy by leveraging ImageNet data which consist of only 50 images per class. Furthermore, our model is ranked 4th in Visual Inductive Printers for Data-Effective Computer Vision Challenge.      
### 6.CANet: Context Aware Network for 3D Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07788.pdf)
>  Automated segmentation of brain tumors in 3D magnetic resonance imaging plays an active role in tumor diagnosis, progression monitoring and surgery planning. Based on convolutional neural networks, especially fully convolutional networks, previous studies have shown some promising technologies for brain tumor segmentation. However, these approaches lack suitable strategies to incorporate contextual information to deal with local ambiguities, leading to unsatisfactory segmentation outcomes in challenging circumstances. In this work, we propose a novel Context-Aware Network (CANet) with a Hybrid Context Aware Feature Extractor (HCA-FE) and a Context Guided Attentive Conditional Random Field (CG-ACRF) for feature fusion. HCA-FE captures high dimensional and discriminative features with the contexts from both the convolutional space and feature interaction graphs. We adopt the powerful inference ability of probabilistic graphical models to learn hidden feature maps, and then use CG-ACRF to fuse the features of different contexts. We evaluate our proposed method on publicly accessible brain tumor segmentation datasets BRATS2017 and BRATS2018 against several state-of-the-art approaches using different segmentation metrics. The experimental results show that the proposed algorithm has better or competitive performance, compared to the standard approaches.      
### 7.Vision-Based Fall Event Detection in Complex Background Using Attention Guided Bi-directional LSTM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07773.pdf)
>  Fall event detection, as one of the greatest risks to the elderly, has been a hot research issue in the solitary scene in recent years. Nevertheless, there are few researches on the fall event detection in complex background. Different from most conventional background subtraction methods which depend on background modeling, Mask R-CNN method based on deep learning technique can clearly extract the moving object in noise background. We further propose an attention guided Bi-directional LSTM model for the final fall event detection. To demonstrate the efficiency, the proposed method is verified in the public dataset and self-build dataset. Evaluation of the algorithm performances in comparison with other state-of-the-art methods indicates that the proposed design is accurate and robust, which means it is suitable for the task of fall event detection in complex situation.      
### 8.Self-Supervised Representation Learning for Detection of ACL Tear Injury in Knee MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07761.pdf)
>  The success and efficiency of Deep Learning based models for computer vision applications require large scale human annotated data which are often expensive to generate. Self-supervised learning, a subset of unsupervised learning, handles this problem by learning meaningful features from unlabeled image or video data. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised learning approach to learn transferable features from MRI clips by enforcing the model to learn anatomical features. The pretext task models are designed to predict the correct ordering of the jumbled image patches that the MRI frames are divided into. To the best of our knowledge, none of the supervised learning models performing injury classification task from MRI frames, provide any explanations for the decisions made by the models, making our work the first of its kind on MRI data. Experiments on the pretext task show that this proposed approach enables the model to learn spatial context invariant features which helps in reliable and explainable performance in downstream tasks like classification of ACL tear injury from knee MRI. The efficiency of the novel Convolutional Neural Network proposed in this paper is reflected in the experimental results obtained in the downstream task.      
### 9.Enhancing Generalized Zero-Shot Learning via Adversarial Visual-Semantic Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07757.pdf)
>  The performance of generative zero-shot methods mainly depends on the quality of generated features and how well the model facilitates knowledge transfer between visual and semantic domains. The quality of generated features is a direct consequence of the ability of the model to capture the several modes of the underlying data distribution. To address these issues, we propose a new two-level joint maximization idea to augment the generative network with an inference network during training which helps our model capture the several modes of the data and generate features that better represent the underlying data distribution. This provides strong cross-modal interaction for effective transfer of knowledge between visual and semantic domains. Furthermore, existing methods train the zero-shot classifier either on generate synthetic image features or latent embeddings produced by leveraging representation learning. In this work, we unify these paradigms into a single model which in addition to synthesizing image features, also utilizes the representation learning capabilities of the inference network to provide discriminative features for the final zero-shot recognition task. We evaluate our approach on four benchmark datasets i.e. CUB, FLO, AWA1 and AWA2 against several state-of-the-art methods, and show its performance. We also perform ablation studies to analyze and understand our method more carefully for the Generalized Zero-shot Learning task.      
### 10.Finding Non-Uniform Quantization Schemes usingMulti-Task Gaussian Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07743.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for neural network quantization that casts the neural architecture search problem as one of hyperparameter search to find non-uniform bit distributions throughout the layers of a CNN. We perform the search assuming a Multi-Task Gaussian Processes prior, which splits the problem to multiple tasks, each corresponding to different number of training epochs, and explore the space by sampling those configurations that yield maximum information. We then show that with significantly lower precision in the last layers we achieve a minimal loss of accuracy with appreciable memory savings. We test our findings on the CIFAR10 and ImageNet datasets using the VGG, ResNet and GoogLeNet architectures.      
### 11.Attention as Activation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07729.pdf)
>  Activation functions and attention mechanisms are typically treated as having different purposes and have evolved differently. However, both concepts can be formulated as a non-linear gating function. Inspired by their similarity, we propose a novel type of activation units called attentional activation~(ATAC) units as a unification of activation functions and attention mechanisms. In particular, we propose a local channel attention module for the simultaneous non-linear activation and element-wise feature refinement, which locally aggregates point-wise cross-channel feature contexts. By replacing the well-known rectified linear units by such ATAC units in convolutional networks, we can construct fully attentional networks that perform significantly better with a modest number of additional parameters. We conducted detailed ablation studies on the ATAC units using several host networks with varying network depths to empirically verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the units. Furthermore, we compared the performance of the ATAC units against existing activation functions as well as other attention mechanisms on the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and ImageNet datasets. Our experimental results show that networks constructed with the proposed ATAC units generally yield performance gains over their competitors given a comparable number of parameters.      
### 12.PVSNet: Pixelwise Visibility-Aware Multi-View Stereo Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07714.pdf)
>  Recently, learning-based multi-view stereo methods have achieved promising results. However, they all overlook the visibility difference among different views, which leads to an indiscriminate multi-view similarity definition and greatly limits their performance on datasets with strong viewpoint variations. In this paper, a Pixelwise Visibility-aware multi-view Stereo Network (PVSNet) is proposed for robust dense 3D reconstruction. We present a pixelwise visibility network to learn the visibility information for different neighboring images before computing the multi-view similarity, and then construct an adaptive weighted cost volume with the visibility information. Moreover, we present an anti-noise training strategy that introduces disturbing views during model training to make the pixelwise visibility network more distinguishable to unrelated views, which is different with the existing learning methods that only use two best neighboring views for training. To the best of our knowledge, PVSNet is the first deep learning framework that is able to capture the visibility information of different neighboring views. In this way, our method can be generalized well to different types of datasets, especially the ETH3D high-res benchmark with strong viewpoint variations. Extensive experiments show that PVSNet achieves the state-of-the-art performance on different datasets.      
### 13.Lunar Terrain Relative Navigation Using a Convolutional Neural Network for Visual Crater Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07702.pdf)
>  Terrain relative navigation can improve the precision of a spacecraft's position estimate by detecting global features that act as supplementary measurements to correct for drift in the inertial navigation system. This paper presents a system that uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) and image processing methods to track the location of a simulated spacecraft with an extended Kalman filter (EKF). The CNN, called LunaNet, visually detects craters in the simulated camera frame and those detections are matched to known lunar craters in the region of the current estimated spacecraft position. These matched craters are treated as features that are tracked using the EKF. LunaNet enables more reliable position tracking over a simulated trajectory due to its greater robustness to changes in image brightness and more repeatable crater detections from frame to frame throughout a trajectory. LunaNet combined with an EKF produces a decrease of 60% in the average final position estimation error and a decrease of 25% in average final velocity estimation error compared to an EKF using an image processing-based crater detection method when tested on trajectories using images of standard brightness.      
### 14.P$^{2}$Net: Patch-match and Plane-regularization for Unsupervised Indoor Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07696.pdf)
>  This paper tackles the unsupervised depth estimation task in indoor environments. The task is extremely challenging because of the vast areas of non-texture regions in these scenes. These areas could overwhelm the optimization process in the commonly used unsupervised depth estimation framework proposed for outdoor environments. However, even when those regions are masked out, the performance is still unsatisfactory. In this paper, we argue that the poor performance suffers from the non-discriminative point-based matching. To this end, we propose P$^2$Net. We first extract points with large local gradients and adopt patches centered at each point as its representation. Multiview consistency loss is then defined over patches. This operation significantly improves the robustness of the network training. Furthermore, because those textureless regions in indoor scenes (e.g., wall, floor, roof, \etc) usually correspond to planar regions, we propose to leverage superpixels as a plane prior. We enforce the predicted depth to be well fitted by a plane within each superpixel. Extensive experiments on NYUv2 and ScanNet show that our P$^2$Net outperforms existing approaches by a large margin. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/svip-lab/Indoor-SfMLearner" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 15.Proof of Concept: Automatic Type Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07690.pdf)
>  The type used to print an early modern book can give scholars valuable information about the time and place of its production as well as the printer responsible. Currently type recognition is done manually using the shapes of `M' or `Qu' and the size of a type to look it up in a large reference work. This is reliable, but slow and requires specialized skills. We investigate the performance of type classification and type retrieval using a newly created dataset consisting of easy and difficult types used in early printed books. For type classification, we rely on a deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) originally used for font-group classification while we use a common writer identification method for the retrieval case. We show that in both scenarios, easy types can be classified/retrieved with a high accuracy while difficult cases are indeed difficult.      
### 16.End-to-end training of a two-stage neural network for defect detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07676.pdf)
>  Segmentation-based, two-stage neural network has shown excellent results in the surface defect detection, enabling the network to learn from a relatively small number of samples. In this work, we introduce end-to-end training of the two-stage network together with several extensions to the training process, which reduce the amount of training time and improve the results on the surface defect detection tasks. To enable end-to-end training we carefully balance the contributions of both the segmentation and the classification loss throughout the learning. We adjust the gradient flow from the classification into the segmentation network in order to prevent the unstable features from corrupting the learning. As an additional extension to the learning, we propose frequency-of-use sampling scheme of negative samples to address the issue of over- and under-sampling of images during the training, while we employ the distance transform algorithm on the region-based segmentation masks as weights for positive pixels, giving greater importance to areas with higher probability of presence of defect without requiring a detailed annotation. We demonstrate the performance of the end-to-end training scheme and the proposed extensions on three defect detection datasets - DAGM, KolektorSDD and Severstal Steel defect dataset - where we show state-of-the-art results. On the DAGM and the KolektorSDD we demonstrate 100\% detection rate, therefore completely solving the datasets. Additional ablation study performed on all three datasets quantitatively demonstrates the contribution to the overall result improvements for each of the proposed extensions.      
### 17.Learning to Learn with Variational Information Bottleneck for Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07645.pdf)
>  Domain generalization models learn to generalize to previously unseen domains, but suffer from prediction uncertainty and domain shift. In this paper, we address both problems. We introduce a probabilistic meta-learning model for domain generalization, in which classifier parameters shared across domains are modeled as distributions. This enables better handling of prediction uncertainty on unseen domains. To deal with domain shift, we learn domain-invariant representations by the proposed principle of meta variational information bottleneck, we call MetaVIB. MetaVIB is derived from novel variational bounds of mutual information, by leveraging the meta-learning setting of domain generalization. Through episodic training, MetaVIB learns to gradually narrow domain gaps to establish domain-invariant representations, while simultaneously maximizing prediction accuracy. We conduct experiments on three benchmarks for cross-domain visual recognition. Comprehensive ablation studies validate the benefits of MetaVIB for domain generalization. The comparison results demonstrate our method outperforms previous approaches consistently.      
### 18.Learning Multiplicative Interactions with Bayesian Neural Networks for Visual-Inertial Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07630.pdf)
>  This paper presents an end-to-end multi-modal learning approach for monocular Visual-Inertial Odometry (VIO), which is specifically designed to exploit sensor complementarity in the light of sensor degradation scenarios. The proposed network makes use of a multi-head self-attention mechanism that learns multiplicative interactions between multiple streams of information. Another design feature of our approach is the incorporation of the model uncertainty using scalable Laplace Approximation. We evaluate the performance of the proposed approach by comparing it against the end-to-end state-of-the-art methods on the KITTI dataset and show that it achieves superior performance. Importantly, our work thereby provides an empirical evidence that learning multiplicative interactions can result in a powerful inductive bias for increased robustness to sensor failures.      
### 19.Visualizing Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07628.pdf)
>  We provide visualizations of individual neurons of a deep image recognition network during the temporal process of transfer learning. These visualizations qualitatively demonstrate various novel properties of the transfer learning process regarding the speed and characteristics of adaptation, neuron reuse, spatial scale of the represented image features, and behavior of transfer learning to small data. We publish the large-scale dataset that we have created for the purposes of this analysis.      
### 20.Fast and Robust Iterative Closet Point  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07627.pdf)
>  The Iterative Closest Point (ICP) algorithm and its variants are a fundamental technique for rigid registration between two point sets, with wide applications in different areas from robotics to 3D reconstruction. The main drawbacks for ICP are its slow convergence as well as its sensitivity to outliers, missing data, and partial overlaps. Recent work such as Sparse ICP achieves robustness via sparsity optimization at the cost of computational speed. In this paper, we propose a new method for robust registration with fast convergence. First, we show that the classical point-to-point ICP can be treated as a majorization-minimization (MM) algorithm, and propose an Anderson acceleration approach to improve its convergence. In addition, we introduce a robust error metric based on the Welsch's function, which is minimized efficiently using the MM algorithm with Anderson acceleration. On challenging datasets with noises and partial overlaps, we achieve similar or better accuracy than Sparse ICP while being at least an order of magnitude faster. Finally, we extend the robust formulation to point-to-plane ICP, and solve the resulting problem using a similar Anderson-accelerated MM strategy. Our robust ICP methods improve the registration accuracy on benchmark datasets while being competitive in computational time.      
### 21.Temporal Distinct Representation Learning for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07626.pdf)
>  Motivated by the previous success of Two-Dimensional Convolutional Neural Network (2D CNN) on image recognition, researchers endeavor to leverage it to characterize videos. However, one limitation of applying 2D CNN to analyze videos is that different frames of a video share the same 2D CNN kernels, which may result in repeated and redundant information utilization, especially in the spatial semantics extraction process, hence neglecting the critical variations among frames. In this paper, we attempt to tackle this issue through two ways. 1) Design a sequential channel filtering mechanism, i.e., Progressive Enhancement Module (PEM), to excite the discriminative channels of features from different frames step by step, and thus avoid repeated information extraction. 2) Create a Temporal Diversity Loss (TD Loss) to force the kernels to concentrate on and capture the variations among frames rather than the image regions with similar appearance. Our method is evaluated on benchmark temporal reasoning datasets Something-Something V1 and V2, and it achieves visible improvements over the best competitor by 2.4% and 1.3%, respectively. Besides, performance improvements over the 2D-CNN-based state-of-the-arts on the large-scale dataset Kinetics are also witnessed.      
### 22.Augmented Bi-path Network for Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07614.pdf)
>  Few-shot Learning (FSL) which aims to learn from few labeled training data is becoming a popular research topic, due to the expensive labeling cost in many real-world applications. One kind of successful FSL method learns to compare the testing (query) image and training (support) image by simply concatenating the features of two images and feeding it into the neural network. However, with few labeled data in each class, the neural network has difficulty in learning or comparing the local features of two images. Such simple image-level comparison may cause serious mis-classification. To solve this problem, we propose Augmented Bi-path Network (ABNet) for learning to compare both global and local features on multi-scales. Specifically, the salient patches are extracted and embedded as the local features for every image. Then, the model learns to augment the features for better robustness. Finally, the model learns to compare global and local features separately, i.e., in two paths, before merging the similarities. Extensive experiments show that the proposed ABNet outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. Both quantitative and visual ablation studies are provided to verify that the proposed modules lead to more precise comparison results.      
### 23.CycAs: Self-supervised Cycle Association for Learning Re-identifiable Descriptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07577.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a self-supervised learning method for the person re-identification (re-ID) problem, where existing unsupervised methods usually rely on pseudo labels, such as those from video tracklets or clustering. A potential drawback of using pseudo labels is that errors may accumulate and it is challenging to estimate the number of pseudo IDs. We introduce a different unsupervised method that allows us to learn pedestrian embeddings from raw videos, without resorting to pseudo labels. The goal is to construct a self-supervised pretext task that matches the person re-ID objective. Inspired by the \emph{data association} concept in multi-object tracking, we propose the \textbf{Cyc}le \textbf{As}sociation (\textbf{CycAs}) task: after performing data association between a pair of video frames forward and then backward, a pedestrian instance is supposed to be associated to itself. To fulfill this goal, the model must learn a meaningful representation that can well describe correspondences between instances in frame pairs. We adapt the discrete association process to a differentiable form, such that end-to-end training becomes feasible. Experiments are conducted in two aspects: We first compare our method with existing unsupervised re-ID methods on seven benchmarks and demonstrate CycAs' superiority. Then, to further validate the practical value of CycAs in real-world applications, we perform training on self-collected videos and report promising performance on standard test sets.      
### 24.P2D: a self-supervised method for depth estimation from polarimetry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07567.pdf)
>  Monocular depth estimation is a recurring subject in the field of computer vision. Its ability to describe scenes via a depth map while reducing the constraints related to the formulation of perspective geometry tends to favor its use. However, despite the constant improvement of algorithms, most methods exploit only colorimetric information. Consequently, robustness to events to which the modality is not sensitive to, like specularity or transparency, is neglected. In response to this phenomenon, we propose using polarimetry as an input for a self-supervised monodepth network. Therefore, we propose exploiting polarization cues to encourage accurate reconstruction of scenes. Furthermore, we include a term of polarimetric regularization to state-of-the-art method to take specific advantage of the data. Our method is evaluated both qualitatively and quantitatively demonstrating that the contribution of this new information as well as an enhanced loss function improves depth estimation results, especially for specular areas.      
### 25.Learning Part Boundaries from 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07563.pdf)
>  We present a method that detects boundaries of parts in 3D shapes represented as point clouds. Our method is based on a graph convolutional network architecture that outputs a probability for a point to lie in an area that separates two or more parts in a 3D shape. Our boundary detector is quite generic: it can be trained to localize boundaries of semantic parts or geometric primitives commonly used in 3D modeling. Our experiments demonstrate that our method can extract more accurate boundaries that are closer to ground-truth ones compared to alternatives. We also demonstrate an application of our network to fine-grained semantic shape segmentation, where we also show improvements in terms of part labeling performance.      
### 26.Evaluation of Neural Network Classification Systems on Document Stream  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07547.pdf)
>  One major drawback of state of the art Neural Networks (NN)-based approaches for document classification purposes is the large number of training samples required to obtain an efficient classification. The minimum required number is around one thousand annotated documents for each class. In many cases it is very difficult, if not impossible, to gather this number of samples in real industrial processes. In this paper, we analyse the efficiency of NN-based document classification systems in a sub-optimal training case, based on the situation of a company document stream. We evaluated three different approaches, one based on image content and two on textual content. The evaluation was divided into four parts: a reference case, to assess the performance of the system in the lab; two cases that each simulate a specific difficulty linked to document stream processing; and a realistic case that combined all of these difficulties. The realistic case highlighted the fact that there is a significant drop in the efficiency of NN-Based document classification systems. Although they remain efficient for well represented classes (with an over-fitting of the system for those classes), it is impossible for them to handle appropriately less well represented classes. NN-Based document classification systems need to be adapted to resolve these two problems before they can be considered for use in a company document stream.      
### 27.RobustScanner: Dynamically Enhancing Positional Clues for Robust Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07542.pdf)
>  The attention-based encoder-decoder framework has recently achieved impressive results for scene text recognition, and many variants have emerged with improvements in recognition quality. However, it performs poorly on contextless texts (e.g., random character sequences) which is unacceptable in most of real application scenarios. In this paper, we first deeply investigate the decoding process of the decoder. We empirically find that a representative character-level sequence decoder utilizes not only context information but also positional information. The existing approaches heavily relying on contextual information causes the problem of attention drift. To suppress the side-effect of the attention drift, we propose one novel position enhancement branch, and dynamically fuse its outputs with those of the decoder attention module for scene text recognition. Specifically, it contains a position aware module to make the encoder output feature vectors encoding their own spatial positions, and an attention module to estimate glimpses using the positional clue (i.e., the current decoding time step) only. The dynamic fusion is conducted for more robust feature via an element-wise gate mechanism. Theoretically, our proposed method, dubbed RobustScanner, decodes individual characters with dynamic ratio between context and positional clues, and utilizes more positional ones when the decoding sequences with scarce context, and thus is robust and practical. Empirically, it has achieved new state-of-the-art results on popular regular and irregular text recognition benchmarks while without much performance drop on contextless benchmarks, validating its robustness in both context and contextless application scenarios.      
### 28.Learning to Parse Wireframes in Images of Man-Made Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07527.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a learning-based approach to the task of automatically extracting a "wireframe" representation for images of cluttered man-made environments. The wireframe (see Fig. 1) contains all salient straight lines and their junctions of the scene that encode efficiently and accurately large-scale geometry and object shapes. To this end, we have built a very large new dataset of over 5,000 images with wireframes thoroughly labelled by humans. We have proposed two convolutional neural networks that are suitable for extracting junctions and lines with large spatial support, respectively. The networks trained on our dataset have achieved significantly better performance than state-of-the-art methods for junction detection and line segment detection, respectively. We have conducted extensive experiments to evaluate quantitatively and qualitatively the wireframes obtained by our method, and have convincingly shown that effectively and efficiently parsing wireframes for images of man-made environments is a feasible goal within reach. Such wireframes could benefit many important visual tasks such as feature correspondence, 3D reconstruction, vision-based mapping, localization, and navigation. The data and source code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/huangkuns/wireframe" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Learning with Privileged Information for Efficient Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07524.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have allowed remarkable advances in single image super-resolution (SISR) over the last decade. Most SR methods based on CNNs have focused on achieving performance gains in terms of quality metrics, such as PSNR and SSIM, over classical approaches. They typically require a large amount of memory and computational units. FSRCNN, consisting of few numbers of convolutional layers, has shown promising results, while using an extremely small number of network parameters. We introduce in this paper a novel distillation framework, consisting of teacher and student networks, that allows to boost the performance of FSRCNN drastically. To this end, we propose to use ground-truth high-resolution (HR) images as privileged information. The encoder in the teacher learns the degradation process, subsampling of HR images, using an imitation loss. The student and the decoder in the teacher, having the same network architecture as FSRCNN, try to reconstruct HR images. Intermediate features in the decoder, affordable for the student to learn, are transferred to the student through feature distillation. Experimental results on standard benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness and the generalization ability of our framework, which significantly boosts the performance of FSRCNN as well as other SR methods. Our code and model are available online: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://cvlab.yonsei.ac.kr/projects/PISR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Learning Visual Context by Comparison  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07506.pdf)
>  Finding diseases from an X-ray image is an important yet highly challenging task. Current methods for solving this task exploit various characteristics of the chest X-ray image, but one of the most important characteristics is still missing: the necessity of comparison between related regions in an image. In this paper, we present Attend-and-Compare Module (ACM) for capturing the difference between an object of interest and its corresponding context. We show that explicit difference modeling can be very helpful in tasks that require direct comparison between locations from afar. This module can be plugged into existing deep learning models. For evaluation, we apply our module to three chest X-ray recognition tasks and COCO object detection &amp; segmentation tasks and observe consistent improvements across tasks. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mk-minchul/attend-and-compare" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Decoding CNN based Object Classifier Using Visualization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07482.pdf)
>  This paper investigates how working of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) can be explained through visualization in the context of machine perception of autonomous vehicles. We visualize what type of features are extracted in different convolution layers of CNN that helps to understand how CNN gradually increases spatial information in every layer. Thus, it concentrates on region of interests in every transformation. Visualizing heat map of activation helps us to understand how CNN classifies and localizes different objects in image. This study also helps us to reason behind low accuracy of a model helps to increase trust on object detection module.      
### 32.Explaining Deep Neural Networks using Unsupervised Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07477.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method to explain trained deep neural networks (DNNs), by distilling them into surrogate models using unsupervised clustering. Our method can be applied flexibly to any subset of layers of a DNN architecture and can incorporate low-level and high-level information. On image datasets given pre-trained DNNs, we demonstrate the strength of our method in finding similar training samples, and shedding light on the concepts the DNNs base their decisions on. Via user studies, we show that our model can improve the user trust in model's prediction.      
### 33.A cellular automata approach to local patterns for texture recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07462.pdf)
>  Texture recognition is one of the most important tasks in computer vision and, despite the recent success of learning-based approaches, there is still need for model-based solutions. This is especially the case when the amount of data available for training is not sufficiently large, a common situation in several applied areas, or when computational resources are limited. In this context, here we propose a method for texture descriptors that combines the representation power of complex objects by cellular automata with the known effectiveness of local descriptors in texture analysis. The method formulates a new transition function for the automaton inspired on local binary descriptors. It counterbalances the new state of each cell with the previous state, in this way introducing an idea of "controlled deterministic chaos". The descriptors are obtained from the distribution of cell states. The proposed descriptors are applied to the classification of texture images both on benchmark data sets and a real-world problem, i.e., that of identifying plant species based on the texture of their leaf surfaces. Our proposal outperforms other classical and state-of-the-art approaches, especially in the real-world problem, thus revealing its potential to be applied in numerous practical tasks involving texture recognition at some stage.      
### 34.Reorganizing local image features with chaotic maps: an application to texture recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07456.pdf)
>  Despite the recent success of convolutional neural networks in texture recognition, model-based descriptors are still competitive, especially when we do not have access to large amounts of annotated data for training and the interpretation of the model is an important issue. Among the model-based approaches, fractal geometry has been one of the most popular, especially in biological applications. Nevertheless, fractals are part of a much broader family of models, which are the non-linear operators, studied in chaos theory. In this context, we propose here a chaos-based local descriptor for texture recognition. More specifically, we map the image into the three-dimensional Euclidean space, iterate a chaotic map over this three-dimensional structure and convert it back to the original image. From such chaos-transformed image at each iteration we collect local descriptors (here we use local binary patters) and those descriptors compose the feature representation of the texture. The performance of our method was verified on the classification of benchmark databases and in the identification of Brazilian plant species based on the texture of the leaf surface. The achieved results confirmed our expectation of a competitive performance, even when compared with some learning-based modern approaches in the literature.      
### 35.Graph-Based Social Relation Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07453.pdf)
>  Human beings are fundamentally sociable -- that we generally organize our social lives in terms of relations with other people. Understanding social relations from an image has great potential for intelligent systems such as social chatbots and personal assistants. In this paper, we propose a simpler, faster, and more accurate method named graph relational reasoning network (GR2N) for social relation recognition. Different from existing methods which process all social relations on an image independently, our method considers the paradigm of jointly inferring the relations by constructing a social relation graph. Furthermore, the proposed GR2N constructs several virtual relation graphs to explicitly grasp the strong logical constraints among different types of social relations. Experimental results illustrate that our method generates a reasonable and consistent social relation graph and improves the performance in both accuracy and efficiency.      
### 36.RGB-IR Cross-modality Person ReID based on Teacher-Student GAN Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07452.pdf)
>  RGB-Infrared (RGB-IR) person re-identification (ReID) is a technology where the system can automatically identify the same person appearing at different parts of a video when light is unavailable. The critical challenge of this task is the cross-modality gap of features under different modalities. To solve this challenge, we proposed a Teacher-Student GAN model (TS-GAN) to adopt different domains and guide the ReID backbone to learn better ReID information. (1) In order to get corresponding RGB-IR image pairs, the RGB-IR Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) was used to generate IR images. (2) To kick-start the training of identities, a ReID Teacher module was trained under IR modality person images, which is then used to guide its Student counterpart in training. (3) Likewise, to better adapt different domain features and enhance model ReID performance, three Teacher-Student loss functions were used. Unlike other GAN based models, the proposed model only needs the backbone module at the test stage, making it more efficient and resource-saving. To showcase our model's capability, we did extensive experiments on the newly-released SYSU-MM01 RGB-IR Re-ID benchmark and achieved superior performance to the state-of-the-art with 49.8% Rank-1 and 47.4% mAP.      
### 37.ContourRend: A Segmentation Method for Improving Contours by Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07437.pdf)
>  A good object segmentation should contain clear contours and complete regions. However, mask-based segmentation can not handle contour features well on a coarse prediction grid, thus causing problems of blurry edges. While contour-based segmentation provides contours directly, but misses contours' details. In order to obtain fine contours, we propose a segmentation method named ContourRend which adopts a contour renderer to refine segmentation contours. And we implement our method on a segmentation model based on graph convolutional network (GCN). For the single object segmentation task on cityscapes dataset, the GCN-based segmentation con-tour is used to generate a contour of a single object, then our contour renderer focuses on the pixels around the contour and predicts the category at high resolution. By rendering the contour result, our method reaches 72.41% mean intersection over union (IoU) and surpasses baseline Polygon-GCN by 1.22%.      
### 38.COCO-FUNIT: Few-Shot Unsupervised Image Translation with a Content Conditioned Style Encoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07431.pdf)
>  Unsupervised image-to-image translation intends to learn a mapping of an image in a given domain to an analogous image in a different domain, without explicit supervision of the mapping. Few-shot unsupervised image-to-image translation further attempts to generalize the model to an unseen domain by leveraging example images of the unseen domain provided at inference time. While remarkably successful, existing few-shot image-to-image translation models find it difficult to preserve the structure of the input image while emulating the appearance of the unseen domain, which we refer to as the \textit{content loss} problem. This is particularly severe when the poses of the objects in the input and example images are very different. To address the issue, we propose a new few-shot image translation model, \cocofunit, which computes the style embedding of the example images conditioned on the input image and a new module called the constant style bias. Through extensive experimental validations with comparison to the state-of-the-art, our model shows effectiveness in addressing the content loss problem. Code and pretrained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://nvlabs.github.io/COCO-FUNIT/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 39.Comparing to Learn: Surpassing ImageNet Pretraining on Radiographs By Comparing Image Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07423.pdf)
>  In deep learning era, pretrained models play an important role in medical image analysis, in which ImageNet pretraining has been widely adopted as the best way. However, it is undeniable that there exists an obvious domain gap between natural images and medical images. To bridge this gap, we propose a new pretraining method which learns from 700k radiographs given no manual annotations. We call our method as Comparing to Learn (C2L) because it learns robust features by comparing different image representations. To verify the effectiveness of C2L, we conduct comprehensive ablation studies and evaluate it on different tasks and datasets. The experimental results on radiographs show that C2L can outperform ImageNet pretraining and previous state-of-the-art approaches significantly. Code and models are available.      
### 40.Automatic Image Labelling at Pixel Level  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07415.pdf)
>  The performance of deep networks for semantic image segmentation largely depends on the availability of large-scale training images which are labelled at the pixel level. Typically, such pixel-level image labellings are obtained manually by a labour-intensive process. To alleviate the burden of manual image labelling, we propose an interesting learning approach to generate pixel-level image labellings automatically. A Guided Filter Network (GFN) is first developed to learn the segmentation knowledge from a source domain, and such GFN then transfers such segmentation knowledge to generate coarse object masks in the target domain. Such coarse object masks are treated as pseudo labels and they are further integrated to optimize/refine the GFN iteratively in the target domain. Our experiments on six image sets have demonstrated that our proposed approach can generate fine-grained object masks (i.e., pixel-level object labellings), whose quality is very comparable to the manually-labelled ones. Our proposed approach can also achieve better performance on semantic image segmentation than most existing weakly-supervised approaches.      
### 41.Automatic extraction of road intersection points from USGS historical map series using deep convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07404.pdf)
>  Road intersections data have been used across different geospatial applications and analysis. The road network datasets dating from pre-GIS years are only available in the form of historical printed maps. Before they can be analyzed by a GIS software, they need to be scanned and transformed into the usable vector-based format. Due to the great bulk of scanned historical maps, automated methods of transforming them into digital datasets need to be employed. Frequently, this process is based on computer vision algorithms. However, low conversion accuracy for low quality and visually complex maps and setting optimal parameters are the two challenges of using those algorithms. In this paper, we employed the standard paradigm of using deep convolutional neural network for object detection task named region-based CNN for automatically identifying road intersections in scanned historical USGS maps of several U.S. cities. We have found that the algorithm showed higher conversion accuracy for the double line cartographic representations of the road maps than the single line ones. Also, compared to the majority of traditional computer vision algorithms RCNN provides more accurate extraction. Finally, the results show that the amount of errors in the detection outputs is sensitive to complexity and blurriness of the maps as well as the number of distinct RGB combinations within them.      
### 42.Real-Time Drone Detection and Tracking With Visible, Thermal and Acoustic Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07396.pdf)
>  This paper explores the process of designing an automatic multi-sensor drone detection system. Besides the common video and audio sensors, the system also includes a thermal infrared camera, which is shown to be a feasible solution to the drone detection task. Even with slightly lower resolution, the performance is just as good as a camera in visible range. The detector performance as a function of the sensor-to-target distance is also investigated. In addition, using sensor fusion, the system is made more robust than the individual sensors, helping to reduce false detections. To counteract the lack of public datasets, a novel video dataset containing 650 annotated infrared and visible videos of drones, birds, airplanes and helicopters is also presented. The database is complemented with an audio dataset of the classes drones, helicopters and background noise.      
### 43.Tackling the Problem of Limited Data and Annotations in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07357.pdf)
>  In this work, the case of semantic segmentation on a small image dataset (simulated by 1000 randomly selected images from PASCAL VOC 2012), where only weak supervision signals (scribbles from user interaction) are available is studied. Especially, to tackle the problem of limited data annotations in image segmentation, transferring different pre-trained models and CRF based methods are applied to enhance the segmentation performance. To this end, RotNet, DeeperCluster, and Semi&amp;Weakly Supervised Learning (SWSL) pre-trained models are transferred and finetuned in a DeepLab-v2 baseline, and dense CRF is applied both as a post-processing and loss regularization technique. The results of my study show that, on this small dataset, using a pre-trained ResNet50 SWSL model gives results that are 7.4% better than applying an ImageNet pre-trained model; moreover, for the case of training on the full PASCAL VOC 2012 training data, this pre-training approach increases the mIoU results by almost 4%. On the other hand, dense CRF is shown to be very effective as well, enhancing the results both as a loss regularization technique in weakly supervised training and as a post-processing tool.      
### 44.TinyVIRAT: Low-resolution Video Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07355.pdf)
>  The existing research in action recognition is mostly focused on high-quality videos where the action is distinctly visible. In real-world surveillance environments, the actions in videos are captured at a wide range of resolutions. Most activities occur at a distance with a small resolution and recognizing such activities is a challenging problem. In this work, we focus on recognizing tiny actions in videos. We introduce a benchmark dataset, TinyVIRAT, which contains natural low-resolution activities. The actions in TinyVIRAT videos have multiple labels and they are extracted from surveillance videos which makes them realistic and more challenging. We propose a novel method for recognizing tiny actions in videos which utilizes a progressive generative approach to improve the quality of low-resolution actions. The proposed method also consists of a weakly trained attention mechanism which helps in focusing on the activity regions in the video. We perform extensive experiments to benchmark the proposed TinyVIRAT dataset and observe that the proposed method significantly improves the action recognition performance over baselines. We also evaluate the proposed approach on synthetically resized action recognition datasets and achieve state-of-the-art results when compared with existing methods. The dataset and code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/UgurDemir/Tiny-VIRAT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.A Generalization of Otsu's Method and Minimum Error Thresholding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07350.pdf)
>  We present Generalized Histogram Thresholding (GHT), a simple, fast, and effective technique for histogram-based image thresholding. GHT works by performing approximate maximum a posteriori estimation of a mixture of Gaussians with appropriate priors. We demonstrate that GHT subsumes three classic thresholding techniques as special cases: Otsu's method, Minimum Error Thresholding (MET), and weighted percentile thresholding. GHT thereby enables the continuous interpolation between those three algorithms, which allows thresholding accuracy to be improved significantly. GHT also provides a clarifying interpretation of the common practice of coarsening a histogram's bin width during thresholding. We show that GHT outperforms or matches the performance of all algorithms on a recent challenge for handwritten document image binarization (including deep neural networks trained to produce per-pixel binarizations), and can be implemented in a dozen lines of code or as a trivial modification to Otsu's method or MET.      
### 46.COBE: Contextualized Object Embeddings from Narrated Instructional Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07306.pdf)
>  Many objects in the real world undergo dramatic variations in visual appearance. For example, a tomato may be red or green, sliced or chopped, fresh or fried, liquid or solid. Training a single detector to accurately recognize tomatoes in all these different states is challenging. On the other hand, contextual cues (e.g., the presence of a knife, a cutting board, a strainer or a pan) are often strongly indicative of how the object appears in the scene. Recognizing such contextual cues is useful not only to improve the accuracy of object detection or to determine the state of the object, but also to understand its functional properties and to infer ongoing or upcoming human-object interactions. A fully-supervised approach to recognizing object states and their contexts in the real-world is unfortunately marred by the long-tailed, open-ended distribution of the data, which would effectively require massive amounts of annotations to capture the appearance of objects in all their different forms. Instead of relying on manually-labeled data for this task, we propose a new framework for learning Contextualized OBject Embeddings (COBE) from automatically-transcribed narrations of instructional videos. We leverage the semantic and compositional structure of language by training a visual detector to predict a contextualized word embedding of the object and its associated narration. This enables the learning of an object representation where concepts relate according to a semantic language metric. Our experiments show that our detector learns to predict a rich variety of contextual object information, and that it is highly effective in the settings of few-shot and zero-shot learning.      
### 47.Privacy Preserving Text Recognition with Gradient-Boosting for Federated Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07296.pdf)
>  Typical machine learning approaches require centralized data for model training, which may not be possible where restrictions on data sharing are in place due to, for instance, privacy protection. The recently proposed Federated Learning (FL) frame-work allows learning a shared model collaboratively without data being centralized or data sharing among data owners. However, we show in this paper that the generalization ability of the joint model is poor on Non-Independent and Non-Identically Dis-tributed (Non-IID) data, particularly when the Federated Averaging (FedAvg) strategy is used in this collaborative learning framework thanks to the weight divergence phenomenon. We propose a novel boosting algorithm for FL to address this generalisation issue, as well as achieving much faster convergence in gradient based optimization. We demonstrate our Federated Boosting (FedBoost) method on privacy-preserved text recognition, which shows significant improvements in both performance and efficiency. The text images are based on publicly available datasets for fair comparison and we intend to make our implementation public to ensure reproducibility.      
### 48.Explore and Explain: Self-supervised Navigation and Recounting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07268.pdf)
>  Embodied AI has been recently gaining attention as it aims to foster the development of autonomous and intelligent agents. In this paper, we devise a novel embodied setting in which an agent needs to explore a previously unknown environment while recounting what it sees during the path. In this context, the agent needs to navigate the environment driven by an exploration goal, select proper moments for description, and output natural language descriptions of relevant objects and scenes. Our model integrates a novel self-supervised exploration module with penalty, and a fully-attentive captioning model for explanation. Also, we investigate different policies for selecting proper moments for explanation, driven by information coming from both the environment and the navigation. Experiments are conducted on photorealistic environments from the Matterport3D dataset and investigate the navigation and explanation capabilities of the agent as well as the role of their interactions.      
### 49.Non-greedy Gradient-based Hyperparameter Optimization Over Long Horizons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07869.pdf)
>  Gradient-based hyperparameter optimization is an attractive way to perform meta-learning across a distribution of tasks, or improve the performance of an optimizer on a single task. However, this approach has been unpopular for tasks requiring long horizons (many gradient steps), due to memory scaling and gradient degradation issues. A common workaround is to learn hyperparameters online or split the horizon into smaller chunks. However, this introduces greediness which comes with a large performance drop, since the best local hyperparameters can make for poor global solutions. In this work, we enable non-greediness over long horizons with a two-fold solution. First, we share hyperparameters that are contiguous in time, and show that this drastically mitigates gradient degradation issues. Then, we derive a forward-mode differentiation algorithm for the popular momentum-based SGD optimizer, which allows for a memory cost that is constant with horizon size. When put together, these solutions allow us to learn hyperparameters without any prior knowledge. Compared to the baseline of hand-tuned off-the-shelf hyperparameters, our method compares favorably on simple datasets like SVHN. On CIFAR-10 we match the baseline performance, and demonstrate for the first time that learning rate, momentum and weight decay schedules can be learned with gradients on a dataset of this size. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/polo5/NonGreedyGradientHPO" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 50.Focus-and-Expand: Training Guidance Through Gradual Manipulation of Input Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07723.pdf)
>  We present a simple and intuitive Focus-and-eXpand (\fax) method to guide the training process of a neural network towards a specific solution. Optimizing a neural network is a highly non-convex problem. Typically, the space of solutions is large, with numerous possible local minima, where reaching a specific minimum depends on many factors. In many cases, however, a solution which considers specific aspects, or features, of the input is desired. For example, in the presence of bias, a solution that disregards the biased feature is a more robust and accurate one. Drawing inspiration from Parameter Continuation methods, we propose steering the training process to consider specific features in the input more than others, through gradual shifts in the input domain. \fax extracts a subset of features from each input data-point, and exposes the learner to these features first, Focusing the solution on them. Then, by using a blending/mixing parameter $\alpha$ it gradually eXpands the learning process to include all features of the input. This process encourages the consideration of the desired features more than others. Though not restricted to this field, we quantitatively evaluate the effectiveness of our approach on various Computer Vision tasks, and achieve state-of-the-art bias removal, improvements to an established augmentation method, and two examples of improvements to image classification tasks. Through these few examples we demonstrate the impact this approach potentially carries for a wide variety of problems, which stand to gain from understanding the solution landscape.      
### 51.Relative Pose Estimation of Calibrated Cameras with Known $\mathrm{SE}(3)$ Invariants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07686.pdf)
>  The $\mathrm{SE}(3)$ invariants of a pose include its rotation angle and screw translation. In this paper, we present a complete comprehensive study of the relative pose estimation problem for a calibrated camera constrained by known $\mathrm{SE}(3)$ invariant, which involves 5 minimal problems in total. These problems reduces the minimal number of point pairs for relative pose estimation and improves the estimation efficiency and robustness. The $\mathrm{SE}(3)$ invariant constraints can come from extra sensor measurements or motion assumption. Different from conventional relative pose estimation with extra constraints, no extrinsic calibration is required to transform the constraints to the camera frame. This advantage comes from the invariance of $\mathrm{SE}(3)$ invariants cross different coordinate systems on a rigid body and makes the solvers more convenient and flexible in practical applications. <br>Besides proposing the concept of relative pose estimation constrained by $\mathrm{SE}(3)$ invariants, we present a comprehensive study of existing polynomial formulations for relative pose estimation and discover their relationship. Different formulations are carefully chosen for each proposed problems to achieve best efficiency. Experiments on synthetic and real data shows performance improvement compared to conventional relative pose estimation methods.      
### 52.SpaceNet: Make Free Space For Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07617.pdf)
>  The continual learning (CL) paradigm aims to enable neural networks to learn tasks continually in a sequential fashion. The fundamental challenge in this learning paradigm is catastrophic forgetting previously learned tasks when the model is optimized for a new task, especially when their data is not accessible. Current architectural-based methods aim at alleviating the catastrophic forgetting problem but at the expense of expanding the capacity of the model. Regularization-based methods maintain a fixed model capacity; however, previous studies showed the huge performance degradation of these methods when the task identity is not available during inference (e.g. class incremental learning scenario). In this work, we propose a novel architectural-based method referred as SpaceNet for class incremental learning scenario where we utilize the available fixed capacity of the model intelligently. SpaceNet trains sparse deep neural networks from scratch in an adaptive way that compresses the sparse connections of each task in a compact number of neurons. The adaptive training of the sparse connections results in sparse representations that reduce the interference between the tasks. Experimental results show the robustness of our proposed method against catastrophic forgetting old tasks and the efficiency of SpaceNet in utilizing the available capacity of the model, leaving space for more tasks to be learned. In particular, when SpaceNet is tested on the well-known benchmarks for CL: split MNIST, split Fashion-MNIST, and CIFAR-10/100, it outperforms regularization-based methods by a big performance gap. Moreover, it achieves better performance than architectural-based methods without model expansion and achieved comparable results with rehearsal-based methods, while offering a huge memory reduction.      
### 53.Monocular Retinal Depth Estimation and Joint Optic Disc and Cup Segmentation using Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07502.pdf)
>  One of the important parameters for the assessment of glaucoma is optic nerve head (ONH) evaluation, which usually involves depth estimation and subsequent optic disc and cup boundary extraction. Depth is usually obtained explicitly from imaging modalities like optical coherence tomography (OCT) and is very challenging to estimate depth from a single RGB image. To this end, we propose a novel method using adversarial network to predict depth map from a single image. The proposed depth estimation technique is trained and evaluated using individual retinal images from INSPIRE-stereo dataset. We obtain a very high average correlation coefficient of 0.92 upon five fold cross validation outperforming the state of the art. We then use the depth estimation process as a proxy task for joint optic disc and cup segmentation.      
### 54.AdvFlow: Inconspicuous Black-box Adversarial Attacks using Normalizing Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07435.pdf)
>  Deep learning classifiers are susceptible to well-crafted, imperceptible variations of their inputs, known as adversarial attacks. In this regard, the study of powerful attack models sheds light on the sources of vulnerability in these classifiers, hopefully leading to more robust ones. In this paper, we introduce AdvFlow: a novel black-box adversarial attack method on image classifiers that exploits the power of normalizing flows to model the density of adversarial examples around a given target image. We see that the proposed method generates adversaries that closely follow the clean data distribution, a property which makes their detection less likely. Also, our experimental results show competitive performance of the proposed approach with some of the existing attack methods on defended classifiers, outperforming them in both the number of queries and attack success rate. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hmdolatabadi/AdvFlow" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 55.Anatomy of Catastrophic Forgetting: Hidden Representations and Task Semantics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07400.pdf)
>  A central challenge in developing versatile machine learning systems is catastrophic forgetting: a model trained on tasks in sequence will suffer significant performance drops on earlier tasks. Despite the ubiquity of catastrophic forgetting, there is limited understanding of the underlying process and its causes. In this paper, we address this important knowledge gap, investigating how forgetting affects representations in neural network models. Through representational analysis techniques, we find that deeper layers are disproportionately the source of forgetting. Supporting this, a study of methods to mitigate forgetting illustrates that they act to stabilize deeper layers. These insights enable the development of an analytic argument and empirical picture relating the degree of forgetting to representational similarity between tasks. Consistent with this picture, we observe maximal forgetting occurs for task sequences with intermediate similarity. We perform empirical studies on the standard split CIFAR-10 setup and also introduce a novel CIFAR-100 based task approximating realistic input distribution shift.      
### 56.Concept Learners for Generalizable Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07375.pdf)
>  Developing algorithms that are able to generalize to a novel task given only a few labeled examples represents a fundamental challenge in closing the gap between machine- and human-level performance. The core of human cognition lies in the structured, reusable concepts that help us to rapidly adapt to new tasks and provide reasoning behind our decisions. However, existing meta-learning methods learn complex representations across prior labeled tasks without imposing any structure on the learned representations. Here we propose COMET, a meta-learning method that improves generalization ability by learning to learn along human-interpretable concept dimensions. Instead of learning a joint unstructured metric space, COMET learns mappings of high-level concepts into semi-structured metric spaces, and effectively combines the outputs of independent concept learners. We evaluate our model on few-shot tasks from diverse domains, including a benchmark image classification dataset and a novel single-cell dataset from a biological domain developed in our work. COMET significantly outperforms strong meta-learning baselines, achieving $9$-$12\%$ average improvement on the most challenging $1$-shot learning tasks, while unlike existing methods also providing interpretations behind the model's predictions.      
### 57.Relaxed-Responsibility Hierarchical Discrete VAEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07307.pdf)
>  Successfully training Variational Autoencoders (VAEs) with a hierarchy of discrete latent variables remains an area of active research. Leveraging insights from classical methods of inference we introduce $\textit{Relaxed-Responsibility Vector-Quantisation}$, a novel way to parameterise discrete latent variables, a refinement of relaxed Vector-Quantisation. This enables a novel approach to hierarchical discrete variational autoencoder with numerous layers of latent variables that we train end-to-end. Unlike discrete VAEs with a single layer of latent variables, we can produce realistic-looking samples by ancestral sampling: it is not essential to train a second generative model over the learnt latent representations to then sample from and then decode. Further, we observe different layers of our model become associated with different aspects of the data.      
