# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 7 Jul 2020
### 1.MCMI: Multi-Cycle Image Translation with Mutual Information Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02919.pdf)
>  We present a mutual information-based framework for unsupervised image-to-image translation. Our MCMI approach treats single-cycle image translation models as modules that can be used recurrently in a multi-cycle translation setting where the translation process is bounded by mutual information constraints between the input and output images. The proposed mutual information constraints can improve cross-domain mappings by optimizing out translation functions that fail to satisfy the Markov property during image translations. We show that models trained with MCMI produce higher quality images and learn more semantically-relevant mappings compared to state-of-the-art image translation methods. The MCMI framework can be applied to existing unpaired image-to-image translation models with minimum modifications. Qualitative experiments and a perceptual study demonstrate the image quality improvements and generality of our approach using several backbone models and a variety of image datasets.      
### 2.Are Labels Necessary for Classifier Accuracy Evaluation?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02915.pdf)
>  To calculate the model accuracy on a computer vision task, e.g., object recognition, we usually require a test set composed of test samples and their ground truth labels. Whilst standard usage cases satisfy this requirement, many real-world scenarios involve unlabeled test data, rendering common model evaluation methods infeasible. We investigate this important and under-explored problem, Automatic model Evaluation (AutoEval). Specifically, given a labeled training set and a model, we aim to estimate the model accuracy on unlabeled test datasets. We construct a meta-dataset: a dataset comprised of datasets generated from the original training set via various image transformations such as rotation, background substitution, foreground scaling, etc. As the classification accuracy of the model on each sample (dataset) is known from the original dataset labels, our task can be solved via regression. Using the feature statistics to represent the distribution of a sample dataset, we can train regression techniques (e.g., a regression neural network) to predict model performance. Using synthetic meta-dataset and real-world datasets in training and testing, respectively, we report reasonable and promising estimates of the model accuracy. We also provide insights into the application scope, limitation, and future directions of AutoEval.      
### 3.Point-Set Anchors for Object Detection, Instance Segmentation and Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02846.pdf)
>  A recent approach for object detection and human pose estimation is to regress bounding boxes or human keypoints from a central point on the object or person. While this center-point regression is simple and efficient, we argue that the image features extracted at a central point contain limited information for predicting distant keypoints or bounding box boundaries, due to object deformation and scale/orientation variation. To facilitate inference, we propose to instead perform regression from a set of points placed at more advantageous positions. This point set is arranged to reflect a good initialization for the given task, such as modes in the training data for pose estimation, which lie closer to the ground truth than the central point and provide more informative features for regression. As the utility of a point set depends on how well its scale, aspect ratio and rotation matches the target, we adopt the anchor box technique of sampling these transformations to generate additional point-set candidates. We apply this proposed framework, called Point-Set Anchors, to object detection, instance segmentation, and human pose estimation. Our results show that this general-purpose approach can achieve performance competitive with state-of-the-art methods for each of these tasks.      
### 4.Exploration of Optimized Semantic Segmentation Architectures for edge-Deployment on Drones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02839.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an analysis on the impact of network parameters for semantic segmentation architectures in context of UAV data processing. We present the analysis on the DroneDeploy Segmentation benchmark. Based on the comparative analysis we identify the optimal network architecture to be FPN-EfficientNetB3 with pretrained encoder backbones based on Imagenet Dataset. The network achieves IoU score of 0.65 and F1-score of 0.71 over the validation dataset. We also compare the various architectures in terms of their memory footprint and inference latency with further exploration of the impact of TensorRT based optimizations. We achieve memory savings of ~4.1x and latency improvement of 10% compared to Model: FPN and Backbone: InceptionResnetV2.      
### 5.Eliminating Catastrophic Interference with Biased Competition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02833.pdf)
>  We present here a model to take advantage of the multi-task nature of complex datasets by learning to separate tasks and subtasks in and end to end manner by biasing competitive interactions in the network. This method does not require additional labelling or reformatting of data in a dataset. We propose an alternate view to the monolithic one-task-fits-all learning of multi-task problems, and describe a model based on a theory of neuronal attention from neuroscience, proposed by Desimone. We create and exhibit a new toy dataset, based on the MNIST dataset, which we call MNIST-QA, for testing Visual Question Answering architectures in a low-dimensional environment while preserving the more difficult components of the Visual Question Answering task, and demonstrate the proposed network architecture on this new dataset, as well as on COCO-QA and DAQUAR-FULL. We then demonstrate that this model eliminates catastrophic interference between tasks on a newly created toy dataset and provides competitive results in the Visual Question Answering space. We provide further evidence that Visual Question Answering can be approached as a multi-task problem, and demonstrate that this new architecture based on the Biased Competition model is capable of learning to separate and learn the tasks in an end-to-end fashion without the need for task labels.      
### 6.Complex Human Action Recognition in Live Videos Using Hybrid FR-DL Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02811.pdf)
>  Automated human action recognition is one of the most attractive and practical research fields in computer vision, in spite of its high computational costs. In such systems, the human action labelling is based on the appearance and patterns of the motions in the video sequences; however, the conventional methodologies and classic neural networks cannot use temporal information for action recognition prediction in the upcoming frames in a video sequence. On the other hand, the computational cost of the preprocessing stage is high. In this paper, we address challenges of the preprocessing phase, by an automated selection of representative frames among the input sequences. Furthermore, we extract the key features of the representative frame rather than the entire features. We propose a hybrid technique using background subtraction and HOG, followed by application of a deep neural network and skeletal modelling method. The combination of a CNN and the LSTM recursive network is considered for feature selection and maintaining the previous information, and finally, a Softmax-KNN classifier is used for labelling human activities. We name our model as Feature Reduction &amp; Deep Learning based action recognition method, or FR-DL in short. To evaluate the proposed method, we use the UCF dataset for the benchmarking which is widely-used among researchers in action recognition research. The dataset includes 101 complicated activities in the wild. Experimental results show a significant improvement in terms of accuracy and speed in comparison with six state-of-the-art articles.      
### 7.Novel-View Human Action Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02808.pdf)
>  Novel-View Human Action Synthesis aims to synthesize the appearance of a dynamic scene from a virtual viewpoint, given a video from a real viewpoint. Our approach uses a novel 3D reasoning to synthesize the target viewpoint. We first estimate the 3D mesh of the target object, a human actor, and transfer the rough textures from the 2D images to the mesh. This transfer may generate sparse textures on the mesh due to frame resolution or occlusions. To solve this problem, we produce a semi-dense textured mesh by propagating the transferred textures both locally, within local geodesic neighborhoods, and globally, across symmetric semantic parts. Next, we introduce a context-based generator to learn how to correct and complete the residual appearance information. This allows the network to independently focus of learning the foreground and background synthesis tasks. We validate the proposed solution on the public NTU RGB+D dataset. The code and resources are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://mlakhal.github.io/novel-view_action_synthesis/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 8.Gradient Origin Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02798.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new type of implicit generative model that is able to quickly learn a latent representation without an explicit encoder. This is achieved with an implicit neural network that takes as inputs points in the coordinate space alongside a latent vector initialised with zeros. The gradients of the data fitting loss with respect to this zero vector are jointly optimised to act as latent points that capture the data manifold. The results show similar characteristics to autoencoders, but with fewer parameters and the advantages of implicit representation networks.      
### 9.Multi-Objective Neural Architecture Search Based on Diverse Structures and Adaptive Recommendation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02749.pdf)
>  The search space of neural architecture search (NAS) for convolutional neural network (CNN) is huge. To reduce searching cost, most NAS algorithms use fixed outer network level structure, and search the repeatable cell structure only. Such kind of fixed architecture performs well when enough cells and channels are used. However, when the architecture becomes more lightweight, the performance decreases significantly. To obtain better lightweight architectures, more flexible and diversified neural architectures are in demand, and more efficient methods should be designed for larger search space. Motivated by this, we propose MoARR algorithm, which utilizes the existing research results and historical information to quickly find architectures that are both lightweight and accurate. We use the discovered high-performance cells to construct network architectures. This method increases the network architecture diversity while also reduces the search space of cell structure design. In addition, we designs a novel multi-objective method to effectively analyze the historical evaluation information, so as to efficiently search for the Pareto optimal architectures with high accuracy and small parameter number. Experimental results show that our MoARR can achieve a powerful and lightweight model (with 1.9% error rate and 2.3M parameters) on CIFAR-10 in 6 GPU hours, which is better than the state-of-the-arts. The explored architecture is transferable to ImageNet and achieves 76.0% top-1 accuracy with 4.9M parameters.      
### 10.Image Stitching Based on Planar Region Consensus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02722.pdf)
>  Image stitching for two images without a global transformation between them is notoriously difficult. In this paper, noticing the importance of planar structure under perspective geometry, we propose a new image stitching method which stitches images by allowing for the alignment of a set of matched dominant planar regions. Clearly different from previous methods resorting to plane segmentation, the key to our approach is to utilize rich semantic information directly from RGB images to extract planar image regions with a deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). We specifically design a new module to make fully use of existing semantic segmentation networks to accommodate planar segmentation. To train the network, a dataset for planar region segmentation is contributed. With the planar region knowledge, a set of local transformations can be obtained by constraining matched regions, enabling more precise alignment in the overlapping area. We also use planar knowledge to estimate a transformation field over the whole image. The final mosaic is obtained by a mesh-based optimization framework which maintains high alignment accuracy and relaxes similarity transformation at the same time. Extensive experiments with quantitative comparisons show that our method can deal with different situations and outperforms the state-of-the-arts on challenging scenes.      
### 11.Do Not Mask What You Do Not Need to Mask: a Parser-Free Virtual Try-On  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02721.pdf)
>  The 2D virtual try-on task has recently attracted a great interest from the research community, for its direct potential applications in online shopping as well as for its inherent and non-addressed scientific challenges. This task requires fitting an in-shop cloth image on the image of a person, which is highly challenging because it involves cloth warping, image compositing, and synthesizing. Casting virtual try-on into a supervised task faces a difficulty: available datasets are composed of pairs of pictures (cloth, person wearing the cloth). Thus, we have no access to ground-truth when the cloth on the person changes. State-of-the-art models solve this by masking the cloth information on the person with both a human parser and a pose estimator. Then, image synthesis modules are trained to reconstruct the person image from the masked person image and the cloth image. This procedure has several caveats: firstly, human parsers are prone to errors; secondly, it is a costly pre-processing step, which also has to be applied at inference time; finally, it makes the task harder than it is since the mask covers information that should be kept such as hands or accessories. In this paper, we propose a novel student-teacher paradigm where the teacher is trained in the standard way (reconstruction) before guiding the student to focus on the initial task (changing the cloth). The student additionally learns from an adversarial loss, which pushes it to follow the distribution of the real images. Consequently, the student exploits information that is masked to the teacher. A student trained without the adversarial loss would not use this information. Also, getting rid of both human parser and pose estimator at inference time allows obtaining a real-time virtual try-on.      
### 12.BBS-Net: RGB-D Salient Object Detection with a Bifurcated Backbone Strategy Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02713.pdf)
>  Multi-level feature fusion is a fundamental topic in computer vision for detecting, segmenting, and classifying objects at various scales. When multi-level features meet multi-modal cues, the optimal fusion problem becomes a hot potato. In this paper, we make the first attempt to leverage the inherent multi-modal and multi-level nature of RGB-D salient object detection to develop a novel cascaded refinement network. In particular, we 1) propose a bifurcated backbone strategy (BBS) to split the multi-level features into teacher and student features, and 2) utilize a depth-enhanced module (DEM) to excavate informative parts of depth cues from the channel and spatial views. This fuses RGB and depth modalities in a complementary way. Our simple yet efficient architecture, dubbed Bifurcated Backbone Strategy Network (BBS-Net), is backbone independent, runs in real-time (48 fps), and significantly outperforms 18 SOTAs on seven challenging datasets using four metrics.      
### 13.Auxiliary Learning by Implicit Differentiation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02693.pdf)
>  Training with multiple auxiliary tasks is a common practice used in deep learning for improving the performance on the main task of interest. Two main challenges arise in this multi-task learning setting: (i) Designing useful auxiliary tasks; and (ii) Combining auxiliary tasks into a single coherent loss. We propose a novel framework, \textit{AuxiLearn}, that targets both challenges, based on implicit differentiation. First, when useful auxiliaries are known, we propose learning a network that combines all losses into a single coherent objective function. This network can learn \textit{non-linear} interactions between auxiliary tasks. Second, when no useful auxiliary task is known, we describe how to learn a network that generates a meaningful, novel auxiliary task. We evaluate AuxiLearn in a series of tasks and domains, including image segmentation and learning with attributes. We find that AuxiLearn consistently improves accuracy compared with competing methods.      
### 14.On the Influence of Ageing on Face Morph Attacks: Vulnerability and Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02684.pdf)
>  Face morphing attacks have raised critical concerns as they demonstrate a new vulnerability of Face Recognition Systems (FRS), which are widely deployed in border control applications. The face morphing process uses the images from multiple data subjects and performs an image blending operation to generate a morphed image of high quality. The generated morphed image exhibits similar visual characteristics corresponding to the biometric characteristics of the data subjects that contributed to the composite image and thus making it difficult for both humans and FRS, to detect such attacks. In this paper, we report a systematic investigation on the vulnerability of the Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) FRS when morphed images under the influence of ageing are presented. To this extent, we have introduced a new morphed face dataset with ageing derived from the publicly available MORPH II face dataset, which we refer to as MorphAge dataset. The dataset has two bins based on age intervals, the first bin - MorphAge-I dataset has 1002 unique data subjects with the age variation of 1 year to 2 years while the MorphAge-II dataset consists of 516 data subjects whose age intervals are from 2 years to 5 years. To effectively evaluate the vulnerability for morphing attacks, we also introduce a new evaluation metric, namely the Fully Mated Morphed Presentation Match Rate (FMMPMR), to quantify the vulnerability effectively in a realistic scenario. Extensive experiments are carried out by using two different COTS FRS (COTS I - Cognitec and COTS II - Neurotechnology) to quantify the vulnerability with ageing. Further, we also evaluate five different Morph Attack Detection (MAD) techniques to benchmark their detection performance with ageing.      
### 15.Toward unsupervised, multi-object discovery in large-scale image collections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02662.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of discovering the objects present in a collection of images without any supervision. We build on the optimization approach of Vo {\em et al.}~\cite{Vo2019UnsupOptim} with several key novelties: (1) We propose a novel saliency-based region proposal algorithm that achieves significantly higher overlap with ground-truth objects than other competitive methods. This procedure leverages off-the-shelf CNN features trained on classification tasks without any bounding box information, but is otherwise unsupervised. (2) We exploit the inherent hierarchical structure of proposals as an effective regularizer for the approach to object discovery of~\cite{Vo2019UnsupOptim}, boosting its performance to significantly improve over the state of the art on several standard benchmarks. (3) We adopt a two-stage strategy to select promising proposals using small random sets of images before using the whole image collection to discover the objects it depicts, allowing us to tackle, for the first time (to the best of our knowledge), the discovery of multiple objects in each one of the pictures making up datasets with up to 20,000 images, an over five-fold increase compared to existing methods, and a first step toward true large-scale unsupervised image interpretation.      
### 16.Joint learning of Social Groups, Individuals Action and Sub-group Activities in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02632.pdf)
>  The state-of-the art solutions for human activity understanding from a video stream formulate the task as a spatio-temporal problem which requires joint localization of all individuals in the scene and classification of their actions or group activity over time. Who is interacting with whom, e.g. not everyone in a queue is interacting with each other, is often not predicted. There are scenarios where people are best to be split into sub-groups, which we call social groups, and each social group may be engaged in a different social activity. In this paper, we solve the problem of simultaneously grouping people by their social interactions, predicting their individual actions and the social activity of each social group, which we call the social task. Our main contributions are: i) we propose an end-to-end trainable framework for the social task; ii) our proposed method also sets the state-of-the-art results on two widely adopted benchmarks for the traditional group activity recognition task (assuming individuals of the scene form a single group and predicting a single group activity label for the scene); iii) we introduce new annotations on an existing group activity dataset, re-purposing it for the social task.      
### 17.NAPPO: Modular and scalable reinforcement learning in pytorch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02622.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning (RL) has been very successful in recent years but, limited by its sample inefficiency, often requires large computational resources. While new methods are being investigated to increase the efficiency of RL algorithms it is critical to enable training at scale, yet using a code-base flexible enough to allow for method experimentation. Here, we present NAPPO, a pytorch-based library for RL which provides scalable proximal policy optimization (PPO) implementations in a simple, modular package. We validate it by replicating previous results on Mujoco and Atari environments. Furthermore, we provide insights on how a variety of distributed training schemes with synchronous and asynchronous communication patterns perform. Finally we showcase NAPPO by obtaining the highest to-date test performance on the Obstacle Tower Unity3D challenge environment. The full source code is available.      
### 18.Learning a Domain Classifier Bank for Unsupervised Adaptive Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02595.pdf)
>  In real applications, object detectors based on deep networks still face challenges of the large domain gap between the labeled training data and unlabeled testing data. To reduce the gap, recent techniques are proposed by aligning the image/instance-level features between source and unlabeled target domains. However, these methods suffer from the suboptimal problem mainly because of ignoring the category information of object instances. To tackle this issue, we develop a fine-grained domain alignment approach with a well-designed domain classifier bank that achieves the instance-level alignment respecting to their categories. Specifically, we first employ the mean teacher paradigm to generate pseudo labels for unlabeled samples. Then we implement the class-level domain classifiers and group them together, called domain classifier bank, in which each domain classifier is responsible for aligning features of a specific class. We assemble the bare object detector with the proposed fine-grained domain alignment mechanism as the adaptive detector, and optimize it with a developed crossed adaptive weighting mechanism. Extensive experiments on three popular transferring benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our method and achieve the new remarkable state-of-the-arts.      
### 19.Learning Graph-Convolutional Representations for Point Cloud Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02578.pdf)
>  Point clouds are an increasingly relevant data type but they are often corrupted by noise. We propose a deep neural network based on graph-convolutional layers that can elegantly deal with the permutation-invariance problem encountered by learning-based point cloud processing methods. The network is fully-convolutional and can build complex hierarchies of features by dynamically constructing neighborhood graphs from similarity among the high-dimensional feature representations of the points. When coupled with a loss promoting proximity to the ideal surface, the proposed approach significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on a variety of metrics. In particular, it is able to improve in terms of Chamfer measure and of quality of the surface normals that can be estimated from the denoised data. We also show that it is especially robust both at high noise levels and in presence of structured noise such as the one encountered in real LiDAR scans.      
### 20.Progressive Cluster Purification for Unsupervised Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02577.pdf)
>  In unsupervised feature learning, sample specificity based methods ignore the inter-class information, which deteriorates the discriminative capability of representation models. Clustering based methods are error-prone to explore the complete class boundary information due to the inevitable class inconsistent samples in each cluster. In this work, we propose a novel clustering based method, which, by iteratively excluding class inconsistent samples during progressive cluster formation, alleviates the impact of noise samples in a simple-yet-effective manner. Our approach, referred to as Progressive Cluster Purification (PCP), implements progressive clustering by gradually reducing the number of clusters during training, while the sizes of clusters continuously expand consistently with the growth of model representation capability. With a well-designed cluster purification mechanism, it further purifies clusters by filtering noise samples which facilitate the subsequent feature learning by utilizing the refined clusters as pseudo-labels. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed PCP improves baseline method with significant margins. Our code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhangyifei0115/PCP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Geometric Attention for Prediction of Differential Properties in 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02571.pdf)
>  Estimation of differential geometric quantities in discrete 3D data representations is one of the crucial steps in the geometry processing pipeline. Specifically, estimating normals and sharp feature lines from raw point cloud helps improve meshing quality and allows us to use more precise surface reconstruction techniques. When designing a learnable approach to such problems, the main difficulty is selecting neighborhoods in a point cloud and incorporating geometric relations between the points. In this study, we present a geometric attention mechanism that can provide such properties in a learnable fashion. We establish the usefulness of the proposed technique with several experiments on the prediction of normal vectors and the extraction of feature lines.      
### 22.In the Wild: From ML Models to Pragmatic ML Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02519.pdf)
>  Enabling robust intelligence in the wild entails learning systems that offer uninterrupted inference while affording sustained training, with varying amounts of data &amp; supervision. Such a pragmatic ML system should be able to cope with the openness &amp; flexibility inherent in the real world. The machine learning community has organically broken down this challenging task into manageable sub tasks such as supervised, few-shot, continual, &amp; self-supervised learning; each affording distinctive challenges &amp; leading to a unique set of methods. Notwithstanding this amazing progress, the restricted &amp; isolated nature of these tasks has resulted in methods that excel in one setting, but struggle to extend beyond them. To foster the research required to extend ML models to ML systems, we introduce a unified learning &amp; evaluation framework - iN thE wilD (NED). NED is designed to be a more general paradigm by loosening the restrictive design decisions of past settings (e.g. closed-world assumption) &amp; imposing fewer restrictions on learning algorithms (e.g. predefined train &amp; test phases). The learners can infer the experimental parameters themselves by optimizing for both accuracy &amp; compute. In NED, a learner receives a stream of data &amp; makes sequential predictions while choosing how to update itself, adapt to data from novel categories, &amp; deal with changing data distributions; while optimizing the total amount of compute. We evaluate a large set of existing methods across several sub fields using NED &amp; present surprising yet revealing findings about modern day techniques. For instance, prominent few shot methods break down in NED, achieving dramatic drops of over 40% accuracy relative to simple baselines; &amp; the SOTA self-supervised methods Momentum Contrast obtains 35% lower accuracy than supervised pretraining on novel classes. We also show that a simple baseline outperforms existing methods on NED.      
### 23.EDSL: An Encoder-Decoder Architecture with Symbol-Level Features for Printed Mathematical Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02517.pdf)
>  Printed Mathematical expression recognition (PMER) aims to transcribe a printed mathematical expression image into a structural expression, such as LaTeX expression. It is a crucial task for many applications, including automatic question recommendation, automatic problem solving and analysis of the students, etc. Currently, the mainstream solutions rely on solving image captioning tasks, all addressing image summarization. As such, these methods can be suboptimal for solving MER problem. <br>In this paper, we propose a new method named EDSL, shorted for encoder-decoder with symbol-level features, to identify the printed mathematical expressions from images. The symbol-level image encoder of EDSL consists of segmentation module and reconstruction module. By performing segmentation module, we identify all the symbols and their spatial information from images in an unsupervised manner. We then design a novel reconstruction module to recover the symbol dependencies after symbol segmentation. Especially, we employ a position correction attention mechanism to capture the spatial relationships between symbols. To alleviate the negative impact from long output, we apply the transformer model for transcribing the encoded image into the sequential and structural output. We conduct extensive experiments on two real datasets to verify the effectiveness and rationality of our proposed EDSL method. The experimental results have illustrated that EDSL has achieved 92.7\% and 89.0\% in evaluation metric Match, which are 3.47\% and 4.04\% higher than the state-of-the-art method. Our code and datasets are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/abcAnonymous/EDSL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 24.Tree-Augmented Cross-Modal Encoding for Complex-Query Video Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02503.pdf)
>  The rapid growth of user-generated videos on the Internet has intensified the need for text-based video retrieval systems. Traditional methods mainly favor the concept-based paradigm on retrieval with simple queries, which are usually ineffective for complex queries that carry far more complex semantics. Recently, embedding-based paradigm has emerged as a popular approach. It aims to map the queries and videos into a shared embedding space where semantically-similar texts and videos are much closer to each other. Despite its simplicity, it forgoes the exploitation of the syntactic structure of text queries, making it suboptimal to model the complex queries. <br>To facilitate video retrieval with complex queries, we propose a Tree-augmented Cross-modal Encoding method by jointly learning the linguistic structure of queries and the temporal representation of videos. Specifically, given a complex user query, we first recursively compose a latent semantic tree to structurally describe the text query. We then design a tree-augmented query encoder to derive structure-aware query representation and a temporal attentive video encoder to model the temporal characteristics of videos. Finally, both the query and videos are mapped into a joint embedding space for matching and ranking. In this approach, we have a better understanding and modeling of the complex queries, thereby achieving a better video retrieval performance. Extensive experiments on large scale video retrieval benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 25.Learning Motion Flows for Semi-supervised Instrument Segmentation from Robotic Surgical Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02501.pdf)
>  Performing low hertz labeling for surgical videos at intervals can greatly releases the burden of surgeons. In this paper, we study the semi-supervised instrument segmentation from robotic surgical videos with sparse annotations. Unlike most previous methods using unlabeled frames individually, we propose a dual motion based method to wisely learn motion flows for segmentation enhancement by leveraging temporal dynamics. We firstly design a flow predictor to derive the motion for jointly propagating the frame-label pairs given the current labeled frame. Considering the fast instrument motion, we further introduce a flow compensator to estimate intermediate motion within continuous frames, with a novel cycle learning strategy. By exploiting generated data pairs, our framework can recover and even enhance temporal consistency of training sequences to benefit segmentation. We validate our framework with binary, part, and type tasks on 2017 MICCAI EndoVis Robotic Instrument Segmentation Challenge dataset. Results show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art semi-supervised methods by a large margin, and even exceeds fully supervised training on two tasks.      
### 26.EagleEye: Fast Sub-net Evaluation for Efficient Neural Network Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02491.pdf)
>  Finding out the computational redundant part of a trained Deep Neural Network (DNN) is the key question that pruning algorithms target on. Many algorithms try to predict model performance of the pruned sub-nets by introducing various evaluation methods. But they are either inaccurate or very complicated for general application. In this work, we present a pruning method called EagleEye, in which a simple yet efficient evaluation component based on adaptive batch normalization is applied to unveil a strong correlation between different pruned DNN structures and their final settled accuracy. This strong correlation allows us to fast spot the pruned candidates with highest potential accuracy without actually fine-tuning them. This module is also general to plug-in and improve some existing pruning algorithms. EagleEye achieves better pruning performance than all of the studied pruning algorithms in our experiments. Concretely, to prune MobileNet V1 and ResNet-50, EagleEye outperforms all compared methods by up to 3.8%. Even in the more challenging experiments of pruning the compact model of MobileNet V1, EagleEye achieves the highest accuracy of 70.9% with an overall 50% operations (FLOPs) pruned. All accuracy results are Top-1 ImageNet classification accuracy. Source code and models are accessible to open-source community <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/anonymous47823493/EagleEye" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 27.Self-Challenging Improves Cross-Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02454.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) conduct image classification by activating dominant features that correlated with labels. When the training and testing data are under similar distributions, their dominant features are similar, which usually facilitates decent performance on the testing data. The performance is nonetheless unmet when tested on samples from different distributions, leading to the challenges in cross-domain image classification. We introduce a simple training heuristic, Representation Self-Challenging (RSC), that significantly improves the generalization of CNN to the out-of-domain data. RSC iteratively challenges (discards) the dominant features activated on the training data, and forces the network to activate remaining features that correlates with labels. This process appears to activate feature representations applicable to out-of-domain data without prior knowledge of new domain and without learning extra network parameters. We present theoretical properties and conditions of RSC for improving cross-domain generalization. The experiments endorse the simple, effective and architecture-agnostic nature of our RSC method.      
### 28.Anatomical Data Augmentation via Fluid-based Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02447.pdf)
>  We introduce a fluid-based image augmentation method for medical image analysis. In contrast to existing methods, our framework generates anatomically meaningful images via interpolation from the geodesic subspace underlying given samples. Our approach consists of three steps: 1) given a source image and a set of target images, we construct a geodesic subspace using the Large Deformation Diffeomorphic Metric Mapping (LDDMM) model; 2) we sample transformations from the resulting geodesic subspace; 3) we obtain deformed images and segmentations via interpolation. Experiments on brain (LPBA) and knee (OAI) data illustrate the performance of our approach on two tasks: 1) data augmentation during training and testing for image segmentation; 2) one-shot learning for single atlas image segmentation. We demonstrate that our approach generates anatomically meaningful data and improves performance on these tasks over competing approaches. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/uncbiag/easyreg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.GRAF: Generative Radiance Fields for 3D-Aware Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02442.pdf)
>  While 2D generative adversarial networks have enabled high-resolution image synthesis, they largely lack an understanding of the 3D world and the image formation process. Thus, they do not provide precise control over camera viewpoint or object pose. To address this problem, several recent approaches leverage intermediate voxel-based representations in combination with differentiable rendering. However, existing methods either produce low image resolution or fall short in disentangling camera and scene properties, e.g., the object identity may vary with the viewpoint. In this paper, we propose a generative model for radiance fields which have recently proven successful for novel view synthesis of a single scene. In contrast to voxel-based representations, radiance fields are not confined to a coarse discretization of the 3D space, yet allow for disentangling camera and scene properties while degrading gracefully in the presence of reconstruction ambiguity. By introducing a multi-scale patch-based discriminator, we demonstrate synthesis of high-resolution images while training our model from unposed 2D images alone. We systematically analyze our approach on several challenging synthetic and real-world datasets. Our experiments reveal that radiance fields are a powerful representation for generative image synthesis, leading to 3D consistent models that render with high fidelity.      
### 30.Estimation of Ground Contacts from Human Gait by a Wearable Inertial Measurement Unit using machine learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02433.pdf)
>  Robotics system for rehabilitation of movement disorders and motion assistance are gaining increased intention. In this scenario estimation of ground contact is an active area of research in robotics and healthcare. This article addresses the estimation and classification of right and left foot during the healthy human gait based on the IMU sensor data of chest and lower back. For this purpose we have collected an IMU data of 48 subjects by using two smartphones at chest and lower back of the human body and one smart watch at right ankle of the body. To show the robustness of our approach data was collected at six different surfaces (road tiles carpet grass concrete and soil). The recorded data of lower back and chest sensor was segmented into single steps on the basis of right ankle sensor data, then we computed a total of 408 features from time frequency and wavelet domain of each segmented step. For classification task we have trained two machine learning classifiers SVM and RF with 10 fold cross validation method. We performed classification experiments at individual surfaces, hard surfaces, soft surfaces and all surfaces, highest accuracy was achieved at individual surfaces with accuracy index of 98.88%. Furthermore, classification rate at hard soft and all surface are 95.60%, 94.38% and 95.05% respectively. The results shows that estimation of ground contact form normal human walk at different surfaces can be performed with high accuracy using 6D data of angular velocities and accelerations from chest and lower back location of the body.      
### 31.Contextual-Relation Consistent Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02424.pdf)
>  Recent advances in unsupervised domain adaptation for semantic segmentation have shown great potentials to relieve the demand of expensive per-pixel annotations. However, most existing works address the domain discrepancy by aligning the data distributions of two domains at a global image level whereas the local consistencies are largely neglected. This paper presents an innovative local contextual-relation consistent domain adaptation (CrCDA) technique that aims to achieve local-level consistencies during the global-level alignment. The idea is to take a closer look at region-wise feature representations and align them for local-level consistencies. Specifically, CrCDA learns and enforces the prototypical local contextual-relations explicitly in the feature space of a labelled source domain while transferring them to an unlabelled target domain via backpropagation-based adversarial learning. An adaptive entropy max-min adversarial learning scheme is designed to optimally align these hundreds of local contextual-relations across domain without requiring discriminator or extra computation overhead. The proposed CrCDA has been evaluated extensively over two challenging domain adaptive segmentation tasks (e.g., GTA5 to Cityscapes and SYNTHIA to Cityscapes), and experiments demonstrate its superior segmentation performance as compared with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 32.Attention-based Joint Detection of Object and Semantic Part  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02419.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of joint detection of objects like dog and its semantic parts like face, leg, etc. Our model is created on top of two Faster-RCNN models that share their features to perform a novel Attention-based feature fusion of related Object and Part features to get enhanced representations of both. These representations are used for final classification and bounding box regression separately for both models. Our experiments on the PASCAL-Part 2010 dataset show that joint detection can simultaneously improve both object detection and part detection in terms of mean Average Precision (mAP) at IoU=0.5.      
### 33.Learning Color Compatibility in Fashion Outfits  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02388.pdf)
>  Color compatibility is important for evaluating the compatibility of a fashion outfit, yet it was neglected in previous studies. We bring this important problem to researchers' attention and present a compatibility learning framework as solution to various fashion tasks. The framework consists of a novel way to model outfit compatibility and an innovative learning scheme. Specifically, we model the outfits as graphs and propose a novel graph construction to better utilize the power of graph neural networks. Then we utilize both ground-truth labels and pseudo labels to train the compatibility model in a weakly-supervised manner.Extensive experimental results verify the importance of color compatibility alone with the effectiveness of our framework. With color information alone, our model's performance is already comparable to previous methods that use deep image features. Our full model combining the aforementioned contributions set the new state-of-the-art in fashion compatibility prediction.      
### 34.Simplicial Complex based Point Correspondence between Images warped onto Manifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02381.pdf)
>  Recent increase in the availability of warped images projected onto a manifold (e.g., omnidirectional spherical images), coupled with the success of higher-order assignment methods, has sparked an interest in the search for improved higher-order matching algorithms on warped images due to projection. Although currently, several existing methods "flatten" such 3D images to use planar graph / hypergraph matching methods, they still suffer from severe distortions and other undesired artifacts, which result in inaccurate matching. Alternatively, current planar methods cannot be trivially extended to effectively match points on images warped onto manifolds. Hence, matching on these warped images persists as a formidable challenge. In this paper, we pose the assignment problem as finding a bijective map between two graph induced simplicial complexes, which are higher-order analogues of graphs. We propose a constrained quadratic assignment problem (QAP) that matches each p-skeleton of the simplicial complexes, iterating from the highest to the lowest dimension. The accuracy and robustness of our approach are illustrated on both synthetic and real-world spherical / warped (projected) images with known ground-truth correspondences. We significantly outperform existing state-of-the-art spherical matching methods on a diverse set of datasets.      
### 35.MetaConcept: Learn to Abstract via Concept Graph for Weakly-Supervised Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02379.pdf)
>  Meta-learning has been proved to be an effective framework to address few-shot learning problems. The key challenge is how to minimize the generalization error of base learner across tasks. In this paper, we explore the concept hierarchy knowledge by leveraging concept graph, and take the concept graph as explicit meta-knowledge for the base learner, instead of learning implicit meta-knowledge, so as to boost the classification performance of meta-learning on weakly-supervised few-shot learning problems. To this end, we propose a novel meta-learning framework, called MetaConcept, which learns to abstract concepts via the concept graph. Specifically, we firstly propose a novel regularization with multi-level conceptual abstraction to constrain a meta-learner to learn to abstract concepts via the concept graph (i.e. identifying the concepts from low to high levels). Then, we propose a meta concept inference network as the meta-learner for the base learner, aiming to quickly adapt to a novel task by the joint inference of the abstract concepts and a few annotated samples. We have conducted extensive experiments on two weakly-supervised few-shot learning benchmarks, namely, WS-ImageNet-Pure and WS-ImageNet-Mix. Our experimental results show that 1) the proposed MetaConcept outperforms state-of-the-art methods with an improvement of 2% to 6% in classification accuracy; 2) the proposed MetaConcept can be able to yield a good performance though merely training with weakly-labeled data sets.      
### 36.Auto-captions on GIF: A Large-scale Video-sentence Dataset for Vision-language Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02375.pdf)
>  In this work, we present Auto-captions on GIF, which is a new large-scale pre-training dataset for generic video understanding. All video-sentence pairs are created by automatically extracting and filtering video caption annotations from billions of web pages. Auto-captions on GIF dataset can be utilized to pre-train the generic feature representation or encoder-decoder structure for video captioning, and other downstream tasks (e.g., sentence localization in videos, video question answering, etc.) as well. We present a detailed analysis of Auto-captions on GIF dataset in comparison to existing video-sentence datasets. We also provide an evaluation of a Transformer-based encoder-decoder structure for vision-language pre-training, which is further adapted to video captioning downstream task and yields the compelling generalizability on MSR-VTT. The dataset is available at \url{http://www.auto-video-captions.top/2020/dataset}.      
### 37.Detail Preserved Point Cloud Completion via Separated Feature Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02374.pdf)
>  Point cloud shape completion is a challenging problem in 3D vision and robotics. Existing learning-based frameworks leverage encoder-decoder architectures to recover the complete shape from a highly encoded global feature vector. Though the global feature can approximately represent the overall shape of 3D objects, it would lead to the loss of shape details during the completion process. In this work, instead of using a global feature to recover the whole complete surface, we explore the functionality of multi-level features and aggregate different features to represent the known part and the missing part separately. We propose two different feature aggregation strategies, named global \&amp; local feature aggregation(GLFA) and residual feature aggregation(RFA), to express the two kinds of features and reconstruct coordinates from their combination. In addition, we also design a refinement component to prevent the generated point cloud from non-uniform distribution and outliers. Extensive experiments have been conducted on the ShapeNet dataset. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations demonstrate that our proposed network outperforms current state-of-the art methods especially on detail preservation.      
### 38.Aligning Partially Overlapping Point Sets: an Inner Approximation Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02363.pdf)
>  Aligning partially overlapping point sets where there is no prior information about the value of the transformation is a challenging problem in computer vision. To achieve this goal, we first reduce the objective of the robust point matching algorithm to a function of a low dimensional variable. The resulting function, however, is only concave over a finite region including the feasible region. To cope with this issue, we employ the inner approximation optimization algorithm which only operates within the region where the objective function is concave. Our algorithm does not need regularization on transformation, and thus can handle the situation where there is no prior information about the values of the transformations. Our method is also $\epsilon-$globally optimal and thus is guaranteed to be robust. Moreover, its most computationally expensive subroutine is a linear assignment problem which can be efficiently solved. Experimental results demonstrate the better robustness of the proposed method over state-of-the-art algorithms. Our method is also efficient when the number of transformation parameters is small.      
### 39.HoughNet: Integrating near and long-range evidence for bottom-up object detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02355.pdf)
>  This paper presents HoughNet, a one-stage, anchor-free, voting-based, bottom-up object detection method. Inspired by the Generalized Hough Transform, HoughNet determines the presence of an object at a certain location by the sum of the votes cast on that location. Votes are collected from both near and long-distance locations based on a log-polar vote field. Thanks to this voting mechanism, HoughNet is able to integrate both near and long-range, class-conditional evidence for visual recognition, thereby generalizing and enhancing current object detection methodology, which typically relies on only local evidence. On the COCO dataset, HoughNet achieves 46.4 AP (and 65.1 AP_50), performing on par with the state-of-the-art in bottom-up object detection and outperforming most major one-stage and two-stage methods. We further validate the effectiveness of our proposal in another task, namely, "labels to photo" image generation by integrating the voting module of HoughNet to two different GAN models and showing that the accuracy is significantly improved in both cases. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nerminsamet/houghnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 40.Reflection Backdoor: A Natural Backdoor Attack on Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02343.pdf)
>  Recent studies have shown that DNNs can be compromised by backdoor attacks crafted at training time. A backdoor attack installs a backdoor into the victim model by injecting a backdoor pattern into a small proportion of the training data. At test time, the victim model behaves normally on clean test data, yet consistently predicts a specific (likely incorrect) target class whenever the backdoor pattern is present in a test example. While existing backdoor attacks are effective, they are not stealthy. The modifications made on training data or labels are often suspicious and can be easily detected by simple data filtering or human inspection. In this paper, we present a new type of backdoor attack inspired by an important natural phenomenon: reflection. Using mathematical modeling of physical reflection models, we propose reflection backdoor (Refool) to plant reflections as backdoor into a victim model. We demonstrate on 3 computer vision tasks and 5 datasets that, Refool can attack state-of-the-art DNNs with high success rate, and is resistant to state-of-the-art backdoor defenses.      
### 41.Medical Imaging with Deep Learning: MIDL 2020 -- Short Paper Track  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02319.pdf)
>  This compendium gathers all the accepted extended abstracts from the Third International Conference on Medical Imaging with Deep Learning (MIDL 2020), held in Montreal, Canada, 6-9 July 2020. Note that only accepted extended abstracts are listed here, the Proceedings of the MIDL 2020 Full Paper Track are published in the Proceedings of Machine Learning Research (PMLR).      
### 42.Radial Intersection Count Image: a Clutter Resistant 3D Shape Descriptor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02306.pdf)
>  A novel shape descriptor for cluttered scenes is presented, the Radial Intersection Count Image (RICI), and is shown to significantly outperform the classic Spin Image (SI) and 3D Shape Context (3DSC) in both uncluttered and, more significantly, cluttered scenes. It is also faster to compute and compare. The clutter resistance of the RICI is mainly due to the design of a novel distance function, capable of disregarding clutter to a great extent. As opposed to the SI and 3DSC, which both count point samples, the RICI uses intersection counts with the mesh surface, and is therefore noise-free. For efficient RICI construction, novel algorithms of general interest were developed. These include an efficient circle-triangle intersection algorithm and an algorithm for projecting a point into SI-like ($\alpha$, $\beta$) coordinates. The 'clutterbox experiment' is also introduced as a better way of evaluating descriptors' response to clutter. The SI, 3DSC, and RICI are evaluated in this framework and the advantage of the RICI is clearly demonstrated.      
### 43.Multi view stereo with semantic priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02295.pdf)
>  Patch-based stereo is nowadays a commonly used image-based technique for dense 3D reconstruction in large scale multi-view applications. The typical steps of such a pipeline can be summarized in stereo pair selection, depth map computation, depth map refinement and, finally, fusion in order to generate a complete and accurate representation of the scene in 3D. In this study, we aim to support the standard dense 3D reconstruction of scenes as implemented in the open source library OpenMVS by using semantic priors. To this end, during the depth map fusion step, along with the depth consistency check between depth maps of neighbouring views referring to the same part of the 3D scene, we impose extra semantic constraints in order to remove possible errors and selectively obtain segmented point clouds per label, boosting automation towards this direction. I n order to reassure semantic coherence between neighbouring views, additional semantic criterions can be considered, aiming to elim inate mismatches of pixels belonging in different classes.      
### 44.TilinGNN: Learning to Tile with Self-Supervised Graph Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02278.pdf)
>  We introduce the first neural optimization framework to solve a classical instance of the tiling problem. Namely, we seek a non-periodic tiling of an arbitrary 2D shape using one or more types of tiles: the tiles maximally fill the shape's interior without overlaps or holes. To start, we reformulate tiling as a graph problem by modeling candidate tile locations in the target shape as graph nodes and connectivity between tile locations as edges. Further, we build a graph convolutional neural network, coined TilinGNN, to progressively propagate and aggregate features over graph edges and predict tile placements. TilinGNN is trained by maximizing the tiling coverage on target shapes, while avoiding overlaps and holes between the tiles. Importantly, our network is self-supervised, as we articulate these criteria as loss terms defined on the network outputs, without the need of ground-truth tiling solutions. After training, the runtime of TilinGNN is roughly linear to the number of candidate tile locations, significantly outperforming traditional combinatorial search. We conducted various experiments on a variety of shapes to showcase the speed and versatility of TilinGNN. We also present comparisons to alternative methods and manual solutions, robustness analysis, and ablation studies to demonstrate the quality of our approach.      
### 45.Weakly Supervised Domain Adaptation for Built-up Region Segmentation in Aerial and Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02277.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel domain adaptation algorithm to handle the challenges posed by the satellite and aerial imagery, and demonstrates its effectiveness on the built-up region segmentation problem. Built-up area estimation is an important component in understanding the human impact on the environment, the effect of public policy, and general urban population analysis. The diverse nature of aerial and satellite imagery and lack of labeled data covering this diversity makes machine learning algorithms difficult to generalize for such tasks, especially across multiple domains. On the other hand, due to the lack of strong spatial context and structure, in comparison to the ground imagery, the application of existing unsupervised domain adaptation methods results in the sub-optimal adaptation. We thoroughly study the limitations of existing domain adaptation methods and propose a weakly-supervised adaptation strategy where we assume image-level labels are available for the target domain. More specifically, we design a built-up area segmentation network (as encoder-decoder), with an image classification head added to guide the adaptation. The devised system is able to address the problem of visual differences in multiple satellite and aerial imagery datasets, ranging from high resolution (HR) to very high resolution (VHR). A realistic and challenging HR dataset is created by hand-tagging the 73.4 sq-km of Rwanda, capturing a variety of build-up structures over different terrain. The developed dataset is spatially rich compared to existing datasets and covers diverse built-up scenarios including built-up areas in forests and deserts, mud houses, tin, and colored rooftops. Extensive experiments are performed by adapting from the single-source domain, to segment out the target domain. We achieve high gains ranging 11.6%-52% in IoU over the existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 46.Rethinking Bottleneck Structure for Efficient Mobile Network Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02269.pdf)
>  The inverted residual block is dominating architecture design for mobile networks recently. It changes the classic residual bottleneck by introducing two design rules: learning inverted residuals and using linear bottlenecks. In this paper, we rethink the necessity of such design changes and find it may bring risks of information loss and gradient confusion. We thus propose to flip the structure and present a novel bottleneck design, called the sandglass block, that performs identity mapping and spatial transformation at higher dimensions and thus alleviates information loss and gradient confusion effectively. Extensive experiments demonstrate that, different from the common belief, such bottleneck structure is more beneficial than the inverted ones for mobile networks. In ImageNet classification, by simply replacing the inverted residual block with our sandglass block without increasing parameters and computation, the classification accuracy can be improved by more than 1.7% over MobileNetV2. On Pascal VOC 2007 test set, we observe that there is also 0.9% mAP improvement in object detection. We further verify the effectiveness of the sandglass block by adding it into the search space of neural architecture search method DARTS. With 25% parameter reduction, the classification accuracy is improved by 0.13% over previous DARTS models. Code can be found at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhoudaquan/rethinking_bottleneck_design" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.Image Aesthetics Prediction Using Multiple Patches Preserving the Original Aspect Ratio of Contents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02268.pdf)
>  The spread of social networking services has created an increasing demand for selecting, editing, and generating impressive images. This trend increases the importance of evaluating image aesthetics as a complementary function of automatic image processing. We propose a multi-patch method, named MPA-Net (Multi-Patch Aggregation Network), to predict image aesthetics scores by maintaining the original aspect ratios of contents in the images. Through an experiment involving the large-scale AVA dataset, which contains 250,000 images, we show that the effectiveness of the equal-interval multi-patch selection approach for aesthetics score prediction is significant compared to the single-patch prediction and random patch selection approaches. For this dataset, MPA-Net outperforms the neural image assessment algorithm, which was regarded as a baseline method. In particular, MPA-Net yields a 0.073 (11.5%) higher linear correlation coefficient (LCC) of aesthetics scores and a 0.088 (14.4%) higher Spearman's rank correlation coefficient (SRCC). MPA-Net also reduces the mean square error (MSE) by 0.0115 (4.18%) and achieves results for the LCC and SRCC that are comparable to those of the state-of-the-art continuous aesthetics score prediction methods. Most notably, MPA-Net yields a significant lower MSE especially for images with aspect ratios far from 1.0, indicating that MPA-Net is useful for a wide range of image aspect ratios. MPA-Net uses only images and does not require external information during the training nor prediction stages. Therefore, MPA-Net has great potential for applications aside from aesthetics score prediction such as other human subjectivity prediction.      
### 48.Deep Learning based Dimple Detection for Quantitative Fractography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02267.pdf)
>  In this work, we try to address the challenging problem of dimple detection and segmentation in Titanium alloys using machine learning methods, especially neural networks. The images i.e. fractographs are obtained using a Scanning Election Microscope (SEM). To determine the cause of fracture in metals we address the problem of segmentation of dimples in fractographs i.e. the fracture surface of metals using supervised machine learning methods. Determining the cause of fracture would help us in material property, mechanical property prediction and development of new fracture-resistant materials. This method would also help in correlating the topography of the fracture surface with the mechanical properties of the material. Our proposed novel model achieves the best performance as compared to other previous approaches. To the best of our knowledge, this is one the first work in fractography using fully convolutional neural networks with self-attention for supervised learning of dimple fractography, though it can be easily extended to account for brittle characteristics as well.      
### 49.CIDMP: Completely Interpretable Detection of Malaria Parasite in Red Blood Cells using Lower-dimensional Feature Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02248.pdf)
>  Predicting if red blood cells (RBC) are infected with the malaria parasite is an important problem in Pathology. Recently, supervised machine learning approaches have been used for this problem, and they have had reasonable success. In particular, state-of-the-art methods such as Convolutional Neural Networks automatically extract increasingly complex feature hierarchies from the image pixels. While such generalized automatic feature extraction methods have significantly reduced the burden of feature engineering in many domains, for niche tasks such as the one we consider in this paper, they result in two major problems. First, they use a very large number of features (that may or may not be relevant) and therefore training such models is computationally expensive. Further, more importantly, the large feature-space makes it very hard to interpret which features are truly important for predictions. Thus, a criticism of such methods is that learning algorithms pose opaque black boxes to its users, in this case, medical experts. The recommendation of such algorithms can be understood easily, but the reason for their recommendation is not clear. This is the problem of non-interpretability of the model, and the best-performing algorithms are usually the least interpretable. To address these issues, in this paper, we propose an approach to extract a very small number of aggregated features that are easy to interpret and compute, and empirically show that we obtain high prediction accuracy even with a significantly reduced feature-space.      
### 50.A Systematic Evaluation of Object Detection Networks for Scientific Plots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02240.pdf)
>  Are existing object detection methods adequate for detecting text and visual elements in scientific plots which are arguably different than the objects found in natural images? To answer this question, we train and compare the accuracy of Fast/Faster R-CNN, SSD, YOLO and RetinaNet on the PlotQA dataset with over 220,000 scientific plots. At the standard IOU setting of 0.5, most networks perform well with mAP scores greater than 80% in detecting the relatively simple objects in plots. However, the performance drops drastically when evaluated at a stricter IOU of 0.9 with the best model giving a mAP of 35.70%. Note that such a stricter evaluation is essential when dealing with scientific plots where even minor localisation errors can lead to large errors in downstream numerical inferences. Given this poor performance, we propose minor modifications to existing models by combining ideas from different object detection networks. While this significantly improves the performance, there are still 2 main issues: (i) performance on text objects which are essential for reasoning is very poor, and (ii) inference time is unacceptably large considering the simplicity of plots. Based on these experiments and results, we identify the following considerations for improving object detection on plots: (a) small inference time, (b) higher precision on text objects, and (c) more accurate localisation with a custom loss function with non-negligible loss values at high IOU (&gt; 0.8). We propose a network which meets all these considerations: It is 16x faster than the best performing competitor and significantly improves upon the accuracy of existing models with a mAP of 93.44%@0.9 IOU.      
### 51.Offline versus Online Triplet Mining based on Extreme Distances of Histopathology Patches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02200.pdf)
>  We analyze the effect of offline and online triplet mining for colorectal cancer (CRC) histopathology dataset containing 100,000 patches. We consider the extreme, i.e., farthest and nearest patches with respect to a given anchor, both in online and offline mining. While many works focus solely on how to select the triplets online (batch-wise), we also study the effect of extreme distances and neighbor patches before training in an offline fashion. We analyze the impacts of extreme cases for offline versus online mining, including easy positive, batch semi-hard, and batch hard triplet mining as well as the neighborhood component analysis loss, its proxy version, and distance weighted sampling. We also investigate online approaches based on extreme distance and comprehensively compare the performance of offline and online mining based on the data patterns and explain offline mining as a tractable generalization of the online mining with large mini-batch size. As well, we discuss the relations of different colorectal tissue types in terms of extreme distances. We found that offline mining can generate a better statistical representation of the population by working on the whole dataset.      
### 52.BzierSketch: A generative model for scalable vector sketches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02190.pdf)
>  The study of neural generative models of human sketches is a fascinating contemporary modeling problem due to the links between sketch image generation and the human drawing process. The landmark SketchRNN provided breakthrough by sequentially generating sketches as a sequence of waypoints. However this leads to low-resolution image generation, and failure to model long sketches. In this paper we present BzierSketch, a novel generative model for fully vector sketches that are automatically scalable and high-resolution. To this end, we first introduce a novel inverse graphics approach to stroke embedding that trains an encoder to embed each stroke to its best fit Bzier curve. This enables us to treat sketches as short sequences of paramaterized strokes and thus train a recurrent sketch generator with greater capacity for longer sketches, while producing scalable high-resolution results. We report qualitative and quantitative results on the Quick, Draw! benchmark.      
### 53.Face Anti-Spoofing with Human Material Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02157.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing (FAS) plays a vital role in securing the face recognition systems from presentation attacks. Most existing FAS methods capture various cues (e.g., texture, depth and reflection) to distinguish the live faces from the spoofing faces. All these cues are based on the discrepancy among physical materials (e.g., skin, glass, paper and silicone). In this paper we rephrase face anti-spoofing as a material recognition problem and combine it with classical human material perception [1], intending to extract discriminative and robust features for FAS. To this end, we propose the Bilateral Convolutional Networks (BCN), which is able to capture intrinsic material-based patterns via aggregating multi-level bilateral macro- and micro- information. Furthermore, Multi-level Feature Refinement Module (MFRM) and multi-head supervision are utilized to learn more robust features. Comprehensive experiments are performed on six benchmark datasets, and the proposed method achieves superior performance on both intra- and cross-dataset testings. One highlight is that we achieve overall 11.3$\pm$9.5\% EER for cross-type testing in SiW-M dataset, which significantly outperforms previous results. We hope this work will facilitate future cooperation between FAS and material communities.      
### 54.Human Assisted Artificial Intelligence Based Technique to Create Natural Features for OpenStreetMap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02149.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose an AI-based technique using freely available satellite images like Landsat and Sentinel to create natural features over OSM in congruence with human editors acting as initiators and validators. The method is based on Interactive Machine Learning technique where human inputs are coupled with the machine to solve complex problems efficiently as compare to pure autonomous process. We use a bottom-up approach where a machine learning (ML) pipeline in loop with editors is used to extract classes using spectral signatures of images and later convert them to editable features to create natural features.      
### 55.On Class Orderings for Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02145.pdf)
>  The influence of class orderings in the evaluation of incremental learning has received very little attention. In this paper, we investigate the impact of class orderings for incrementally learned classifiers. We propose a method to compute various orderings for a dataset. The orderings are derived by simulated annealing optimization from the confusion matrix and reflect different incremental learning scenarios, including maximally and minimally confusing tasks. We evaluate a wide range of state-of-the-art incremental learning methods on the proposed orderings. Results show that orderings can have a significant impact on performance and the ranking of the methods.      
### 56.SplitFusion: Simultaneous Tracking and Mapping for Non-Rigid Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02108.pdf)
>  We present SplitFusion, a novel dense RGB-D SLAM framework that simultaneously performs tracking and dense reconstruction for both rigid and non-rigid components of the scene. SplitFusion first adopts deep learning based semantic instant segmentation technique to split the scene into rigid or non-rigid surfaces. The split surfaces are independently tracked via rigid or non-rigid ICP and reconstructed through incremental depth map fusion. Experimental results show that the proposed approach can provide not only accurate environment maps but also well-reconstructed non-rigid targets, e.g. the moving humans.      
### 57.Automatic Target Recognition on Synthetic Aperture Radar Imagery: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02106.pdf)
>  Automatic Target Recognition (ATR) for military applications is one of the core processes towards enhancing intelligencer and autonomously operating military platforms. Spurred by this and given that Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) presents several advantages over its counterpart data domains, this paper surveys and assesses current SAR ATR architectures that employ the most popular dataset for the SAR domain, namely the Moving and Stationary Target Acquisition and Recognition (MSTAR) dataset. Based on the current methodology trends, we propose a taxonomy for the SAR ATR architectures, along with a direct comparison of the strengths and weaknesses of each method under both standard and extended operational conditions. Additionally, despite MSTAR being the standard SAR ATR benchmarking dataset we also highlight its weaknesses and suggest future research directions.      
### 58.Local Grid Rendering Networks for 3D Object Detection in Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02099.pdf)
>  The performance of 3D object detection models over point clouds highly depends on their capability of modeling local geometric patterns. Conventional point-based models exploit local patterns through a symmetric function (e.g. max pooling) or based on graphs, which easily leads to loss of fine-grained geometric structures. Regarding capturing spatial patterns, CNNs are powerful but it would be computationally costly to directly apply convolutions on point data after voxelizing the entire point clouds to a dense regular 3D grid. In this work, we aim to improve performance of point-based models by enhancing their pattern learning ability through leveraging CNNs while preserving computational efficiency. We propose a novel and principled Local Grid Rendering (LGR) operation to render the small neighborhood of a subset of input points into a low-resolution 3D grid independently, which allows small-size CNNs to accurately model local patterns and avoids convolutions over a dense grid to save computation cost. With the LGR operation, we introduce a new generic backbone called LGR-Net for point cloud feature extraction with simple design and high efficiency. We validate LGR-Net for 3D object detection on the challenging ScanNet and SUN RGB-D datasets. It advances state-of-the-art results significantly by 5.5 and 4.5 mAP, respectively, with only slight increased computation overhead.      
### 59.End-to-end Learning of a Fisher Vector Encoding for Part Features in Fine-grained Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02080.pdf)
>  Part-based approaches for fine-grained recognition do not show the expected performance gain over global methods, although being able to explicitly focus on small details that are relevant for distinguishing highly similar classes. We assume that part-based methods suffer from a missing representation of local features, which is invariant to the order of parts and can handle a varying number of visible parts appropriately. The order of parts is artificial and often only given by ground-truth annotations, whereas viewpoint variations and occlusions result in parts that are not observable. Therefore, we propose integrating a Fisher vector encoding of part features into convolutional neural networks. The parameters for this encoding are estimated jointly with those of the neural network in an end-to-end manner. Our approach improves state-of-the-art accuracies for bird species classification on CUB-200-2011 from 90.40\% to 90.95\%, on NA-Birds from 89.20\% to 90.30\%, and on Birdsnap from 84.30\% to 86.97\%.      
### 60.Quo Vadis, Skeleton Action Recognition ?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02072.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study current and upcoming frontiers across the landscape of skeleton-based human action recognition. To begin with, we benchmark state-of-the-art models on the NTU-120 dataset and provide multi-layered assessment of the results. To examine skeleton action recognition 'in the wild', we introduce Skeletics-152, a curated and 3-D pose-annotated subset of RGB videos sourced from Kinetics-700, a large-scale action dataset. The results from benchmarking the top performers of NTU-120 on Skeletics-152 reveal the challenges and domain gap induced by actions 'in the wild'. We extend our study to include out-of-context actions by introducing Skeleton-Mimetics, a dataset derived from the recently introduced Mimetics dataset. Finally, as a new frontier for action recognition, we introduce Metaphorics, a dataset with caption-style annotated YouTube videos of the popular social game Dumb Charades and interpretative dance performances. Overall, our work characterizes the strengths and limitations of existing approaches and datasets. It also provides an assessment of top-performing approaches across a spectrum of activity settings and via the introduced datasets, proposes new frontiers for human action recognition.      
### 61.Weight-dependent Gates for Network Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02066.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a simple and effective network pruning framework, which introduces novel weight-dependent gates (W-Gates) to prune filter adaptively. We argue that the pruning decision should depend on the convolutional weights, in other words, it should be a learnable function of filter weights. We thus construct the Filter Gates Learning Module (FGL) to learn the information from convolutional weights and obtain binary W-Gates to prune or keep the filters automatically. To prune the network under hardware constraint, we train a Latency Predict Net (LPNet) to estimate the hardware latency of candidate pruned networks. Based on the proposed LPNet, we can optimize W-Gates and the pruning ratio of each layer under latency constraint. The whole framework is differentiable and can be optimized by gradient-based method to achieve a compact network with better trade-off between accuracy and efficiency. We have demonstrated the effectiveness of our method on Resnet34, Resnet50 and MobileNet V2, achieving up to 1.33/1.28/1.1 higher Top-1 accuracy with lower hardware latency on ImageNet. Compared with state-of-the-art pruning methods, our method achieves superior performance.      
### 62.Efficient and accurate object detection with simultaneous classification and tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02065.pdf)
>  Interacting with the environment, such as object detection and tracking, is a crucial ability of mobile robots. Besides high accuracy, efficiency in terms of processing effort and energy consumption are also desirable. To satisfy both requirements, we propose a detection framework based on simultaneous classification and tracking in the point stream. In this framework, a tracker performs data association in sequences of the point cloud, guiding the detector to avoid redundant processing (i.e. classifying already-known objects). For objects whose classification is not sufficiently certain, a fusion model is designed to fuse selected key observations that provide different perspectives across the tracking span. Therefore, performance (accuracy and efficiency of detection) can be enhanced. This method is particularly suitable for detecting and tracking moving objects, a process that would require expensive computations if solved using conventional procedures. Experiments were conducted on the benchmark dataset, and the results showed that the proposed method outperforms original tracking-by-detection approaches in both efficiency and accuracy.      
### 63.Inference Stage Optimization for Cross-scenario 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02054.pdf)
>  Existing 3D human pose estimation models suffer performance drop when applying to new scenarios with unseen poses due to their limited generalizability. In this work, we propose a novel framework, Inference Stage Optimization (ISO), for improving the generalizability of 3D pose models when source and target data come from different pose distributions. Our main insight is that the target data, even though not labeled, carry valuable priors about their underlying distribution. To exploit such information, the proposed ISO performs geometry-aware self-supervised learning (SSL) on each single target instance and updates the 3D pose model before making prediction. In this way, the model can mine distributional knowledge about the target scenario and quickly adapt to it with enhanced generalization performance. In addition, to handle sequential target data, we propose an online mode for implementing our ISO framework via streaming the SSL, which substantially enhances its effectiveness. We systematically analyze why and how our ISO framework works on diverse benchmarks under cross-scenario setup. Remarkably, it yields new state-of-the-art of 83.6% 3D PCK on MPI-INF-3DHP, improving upon the previous best result by 9.7%. Code will be released.      
### 64.Self-Calibration Supported Robust Projective Structure-from-Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02045.pdf)
>  Typical Structure-from-Motion (SfM) pipelines rely on finding correspondences across images, recovering the projective structure of the observed scene and upgrading it to a metric frame using camera self-calibration constraints. Solving each problem is mainly carried out independently from the others. For instance, camera self-calibration generally assumes correct matches and a good projective reconstruction have been obtained. In this paper, we propose a unified SfM method, in which the matching process is supported by self-calibration constraints. We use the idea that good matches should yield a valid calibration. In this process, we make use of the Dual Image of Absolute Quadric projection equations within a multiview correspondence framework, in order to obtain robust matching from a set of putative correspondences. The matching process classifies points as inliers or outliers, which is learned in an unsupervised manner using a deep neural network. Together with theoretical reasoning why the self-calibration constraints are necessary, we show experimental results demonstrating robust multiview matching and accurate camera calibration by exploiting these constraints.      
### 65.Single Image Brightening via Multi-Scale Exposure Fusion with Hybrid Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02042.pdf)
>  A small ISO and a small exposure time are usually used to capture an image in the back or low light conditions which results in an image with negligible motion blur and small noise but look dark. In this paper, a single image brightening algorithm is introduced to brighten such an image. The proposed algorithm includes a unique hybrid learning framework to generate two virtual images with large exposure times. The virtual images are first generated via intensity mapping functions (IMFs) which are computed using camera response functions (CRFs) and this is a model-driven approach. Both the virtual images are then enhanced by using a data-driven approach, i.e. a residual convolutional neural network to approach the ground truth images. The model-driven approach and the data-driven one compensate each other in the proposed hybrid learning framework. The final brightened image is obtained by fusing the original image and two virtual images via a multi-scale exposure fusion algorithm with properly defined weights. Experimental results show that the proposed brightening algorithm outperforms existing algorithms in terms of the MEF-SSIM metric.      
### 66.Jointly Modeling Motion and Appearance Cues for Robust RGB-T Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02041.pdf)
>  In this study, we propose a novel RGB-T tracking framework by jointly modeling both appearance and motion cues. First, to obtain a robust appearance model, we develop a novel late fusion method to infer the fusion weight maps of both RGB and thermal (T) modalities. The fusion weights are determined by using offline-trained global and local multimodal fusion networks, and then adopted to linearly combine the response maps of RGB and T modalities. Second, when the appearance cue is unreliable, we comprehensively take motion cues, i.e., target and camera motions, into account to make the tracker robust. We further propose a tracker switcher to switch the appearance and motion trackers flexibly. Numerous results on three recent RGB-T tracking datasets show that the proposed tracker performs significantly better than other state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 67.Modality Shifting Attention Network for Multi-modal Video Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02036.pdf)
>  This paper considers a network referred to as Modality Shifting Attention Network (MSAN) for Multimodal Video Question Answering (MVQA) task. MSAN decomposes the task into two sub-tasks: (1) localization of temporal moment relevant to the question, and (2) accurate prediction of the answer based on the localized moment. The modality required for temporal localization may be different from that for answer prediction, and this ability to shift modality is essential for performing the task. To this end, MSAN is based on (1) the moment proposal network (MPN) that attempts to locate the most appropriate temporal moment from each of the modalities, and also on (2) the heterogeneous reasoning network (HRN) that predicts the answer using an attention mechanism on both modalities. MSAN is able to place importance weight on the two modalities for each sub-task using a component referred to as Modality Importance Modulation (MIM). Experimental results show that MSAN outperforms previous state-of-the-art by achieving 71.13\% test accuracy on TVQA benchmark dataset. Extensive ablation studies and qualitative analysis are conducted to validate various components of the network.      
### 68.Shape-aware Meta-learning for Generalizing Prostate MRI Segmentation to Unseen Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02035.pdf)
>  Model generalization capacity at domain shift (e.g., various imaging protocols and scanners) is crucial for deep learning methods in real-world clinical deployment. This paper tackles the challenging problem of domain generalization, i.e., learning a model from multi-domain source data such that it can directly generalize to an unseen target domain. We present a novel shape-aware meta-learning scheme to improve the model generalization in prostate MRI segmentation. Our learning scheme roots in the gradient-based meta-learning, by explicitly simulating domain shift with virtual meta-train and meta-test during training. Importantly, considering the deficiencies encountered when applying a segmentation model to unseen domains (i.e., incomplete shape and ambiguous boundary of the prediction masks), we further introduce two complementary loss objectives to enhance the meta-optimization, by particularly encouraging the shape compactness and shape smoothness of the segmentations under simulated domain shift. We evaluate our method on prostate MRI data from six different institutions with distribution shifts acquired from public datasets. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms many state-of-the-art generalization methods consistently across all six settings of unseen domains.      
### 69.DRDr: Automatic Masking of Exudates and Microaneurysms Caused By Diabetic Retinopathy Using Mask R-CNN and Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02026.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of identifying two main types of lesions - Exudates and Microaneurysms - caused by Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) in the eyes of diabetic patients. We make use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Transfer Learning to locate and generate high-quality segmentation mask for each instance of the lesion that can be found in the patients' fundus images. We create our normalized database out of e-ophtha EX and e-ophtha MA and tweak Mask R-CNN to detect small lesions. Moreover, we employ data augmentation and the pre-trained weights of ResNet101 to compensate for our small dataset. Our model achieves promising test mAP of 0.45, altogether showing that it can aid clinicians and ophthalmologist in the process of detecting and treating the infamous DR.      
### 70.Alpha-Refine: Boosting Tracking Performance by Precise Bounding Box Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02024.pdf)
>  In recent years, the multiple-stage strategy has become a popular trend for visual tracking. This strategy first utilizes a base tracker to coarsely locate the target and then exploits a refinement module to obtain more accurate results. However, existing refinement modules suffer from the limited transferability and precision. In this work, we propose a novel, flexible and accurate refinement module called Alpha-Refine, which exploits a precise pixel-wise correlation layer together with a spatial-aware non-local layer to fuse features and can predict three complementary outputs: bounding box, corners and mask. To wisely choose the most adequate output, we also design a light-weight branch selector module. We apply the proposed Alpha-Refine module to five famous and state-of-the-art base trackers: DiMP, ATOM, SiamRPN++, RTMDNet and ECO. The comprehensive experiments on TrackingNet, LaSOT and VOT2018 benchmarks demonstrate that our approach significantly improves the tracking performance in comparison with other existing refinement methods. The source codes will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MasterBin-IIAU/AlphaRefine" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 71.FracBits: Mixed Precision Quantization via Fractional Bit-Widths  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02017.pdf)
>  Model quantization helps to reduce model size and latency of deep neural networks. Mixed precision quantization is favorable with customized hardwares supporting arithmetic operations at multiple bit-widths to achieve maximum efficiency. We propose a novel learning-based algorithm to derive mixed precision models end-to-end under target computation constraints and model sizes. During the optimization, the bit-width of each layer / kernel in the model is at a fractional status of two consecutive bit-widths which can be adjusted gradually. With a differentiable regularization term, the resource constraints can be met during the quantization-aware training which results in an optimized mixed precision model. Further, our method can be naturally combined with channel pruning for better computation cost allocation. Our final models achieve comparable or better performance than previous quantization methods with mixed precision on MobilenetV1/V2, ResNet18 under different resource constraints on ImageNet dataset.      
### 72.DessiLBI: Exploring Structural Sparsity of Deep Networks via Differential Inclusion Paths  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02010.pdf)
>  Over-parameterization is ubiquitous nowadays in training neural networks to benefit both optimization in seeking global optima and generalization in reducing prediction error. However, compressive networks are desired in many real world applications and direct training of small networks may be trapped in local optima. In this paper, instead of pruning or distilling over-parameterized models to compressive ones, we propose a new approach based on differential inclusions of inverse scale spaces. Specifically, it generates a family of models from simple to complex ones that couples a pair of parameters to simultaneously train over-parameterized deep models and structural sparsity on weights of fully connected and convolutional layers. Such a differential inclusion scheme has a simple discretization, proposed as Deep structurally splitting Linearized Bregman Iteration (DessiLBI), whose global convergence analysis in deep learning is established that from any initializations, algorithmic iterations converge to a critical point of empirical risks. Experimental evidence shows that DessiLBI achieve comparable and even better performance than the competitive optimizers in exploring the structural sparsity of several widely used backbones on the benchmark datasets. Remarkably, with early stopping, DessiLBI unveils "winning tickets" in early epochs: the effective sparse structure with comparable test accuracy to fully trained over-parameterized models.      
### 73.A Survey on Sensor Technologies for Unmanned Ground Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01992.pdf)
>  Unmanned ground vehicles have a huge development potential in both civilian and military fields, and have become the focus of research in various countries. In addition, high-precision, high-reliability sensors are significant for UGVs' efficient operation. This paper proposes a brief review on sensor technologies for UGVs. Firstly, characteristics of various sensors are introduced. Then the strengths and weaknesses of different sensors as well as their application scenarios are compared. Furthermore, sensor applications in some existing UGVs are summarized. Finally, the hotspots of sensor technologies are forecasted to point the development direction.      
### 74.Improving Weakly Supervised Visual Grounding by Contrastive Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01951.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised phrase grounding aims at learning region-phrase correspondences using only image-sentence pairs. A major challenge thus lies in the missing links between image regions and sentence phrases during training. To address this challenge, we leverage a generic object detector at training time, and propose a contrastive learning framework that accounts for both region-phrase and image-sentence matching. Our core innovation is the learning of a region-phrase score function, based on which an image-sentence score function is further constructed. Importantly, our region-phrase score function is learned by distilling from soft matching scores between the detected object class names and candidate phrases within an image-sentence pair, while the image-sentence score function is supervised by ground-truth image-sentence pairs. The design of such score functions removes the need of object detection at test time, thereby significantly reducing the inference cost. Without bells and whistles, our approach achieves state-of-the-art results on the task of visual phrase grounding, surpassing previous methods that require expensive object detectors at test time.      
### 75.Mining Cross-Image Semantics for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01947.pdf)
>  This paper studies the problem of learning semantic segmentation from image-level supervision only. Current popular solutions leverage object localization maps from classifiers as supervision signals, and struggle to make the localization maps capture more complete object content. Rather than previous efforts that primarily focus on intra-image information, we address the value of cross-image semantic relations for comprehensive object pattern mining. To achieve this, two neural co-attentions are incorporated into the classifier to complimentarily capture cross-image semantic similarities and differences. In particular, given a pair of training images, one co-attention enforces the classifier to recognize the common semantics from co-attentive objects, while the other one, called contrastive co-attention, drives the classifier to identify the unshared semantics from the rest, uncommon objects. This helps the classifier discover more object patterns and better ground semantics in image regions. In addition to boosting object pattern learning, the co-attention can leverage context from other related images to improve localization map inference, hence eventually benefiting semantic segmentation learning. More essentially, our algorithm provides a unified framework that handles well different WSSS settings, i.e., learning WSSS with (1) precise image-level supervision only, (2) extra simple single-label data, and (3) extra noisy web data. It sets new state-of-the-arts on all these settings, demonstrating well its efficacy and generalizability. Moreover, our approach ranked 1st place in the Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation Track of CVPR2020 Learning from Imperfect Data Challenge.      
### 76.Multigrid for Bundle Adjustment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01941.pdf)
>  Bundle adjustment is an important global optimization step in many structure from motion pipelines. Performance is dependent on the speed of the linear solver used to compute steps towards the optimum. For large problems, the current state of the art scales superlinearly with the number of cameras in the problem. We investigate the conditioning of global bundle adjustment problems as the number of images increases in different regimes and fundamental consequences in terms of superlinear scaling of the current state of the art methods. We present an unsmoothed aggregation multigrid preconditioner that accurately represents the global modes that underlie poor scaling of existing methods and demonstrate solves of up to 13 times faster than the state of the art on large, challenging problem sets.      
### 77.Feedback Neural Network based Super-resolution of DEM for generating high fidelity features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01940.pdf)
>  High resolution Digital Elevation Models(DEMs) are an important requirement for many applications like modelling water flow, landslides, avalanches etc. Yet publicly available DEMs have low resolution for most parts of the world. Despite tremendous success in image super resolution task using deep learning solutions, there are very few works that have used these powerful systems on DEMs to generate HRDEMs. Motivated from feedback neural networks, we propose a novel neural network architecture that learns to add high frequency details iteratively to low resolution DEM, turning it into a high resolution DEM without compromising its fidelity. Our experiments confirm that without any additional modality such as aerial images(RGB), our network DSRFB achieves RMSEs of 0.59 to 1.27 across 4 different datasets.      
### 78.Graph2Kernel Grid-LSTM: A Multi-Cued Model for Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction by Learning Adaptive Neighborhoods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01915.pdf)
>  Pedestrian trajectory prediction is a prominent research track that has advanced towards modelling of crowd social and contextual interactions, with extensive usage of Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) for temporal representation of walking trajectories. <br>Existing approaches use virtual neighborhoods as a fixed grid for pooling social states of pedestrians with tuning process that controls how social interactions are being captured. This entails performance customization to specific scenes but lowers the generalization capability of the approaches. In our work, we deploy \textit{Grid-LSTM}, a recent extension of LSTM, which operates over multidimensional feature inputs. We present a new perspective to interaction modeling by proposing that pedestrian neighborhoods can become adaptive in design. We use \textit{Grid-LSTM} as an encoder to learn about potential future neighborhoods and their influence on pedestrian motion given the visual and the spatial boundaries. Our model outperforms state-of-the-art approaches that collate resembling features over several publicly-tested surveillance videos. The experiment results clearly illustrate the generalization of our approach across datasets that varies in scene features and crowd dynamics.      
### 79.A Few-Shot Sequential Approach for Object Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01899.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the problem of few-shot multi-classobject counting with point-level annotations. The proposed techniqueleverages a class agnostic attention mechanism that sequentially attendsto objects in the image and extracts their relevant features. This pro-cess is employed on an adapted prototypical-based few-shot approachthat uses the extracted features to classify each one either as one of theclasses present in the support set images or as background. The proposedtechnique is trained on point-level annotations and uses a novel loss func-tion that disentangles class-dependent and class-agnostic aspects of themodel to help with the task of few-shot object counting. We presentour results on a variety of object-counting/detection datasets, includingFSOD and MS COCO. In addition, we introduce a new dataset thatis specifically designed for weakly supervised multi-class object count-ing/detection and contains considerably different classes and distribu-tion of number of classes/instances per image compared to the existingdatasets. We demonstrate the robustness of our approach by testing oursystem on a totally different distribution of classes from what it has beentrained on      
### 80.Egocentric Action Recognition by Video Attention and Temporal Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01883.pdf)
>  We present the submission of Samsung AI Centre Cambridge to the CVPR2020 EPIC-Kitchens Action Recognition Challenge. In this challenge, action recognition is posed as the problem of simultaneously predicting a single `verb' and `noun' class label given an input trimmed video clip. That is, a `verb' and a `noun' together define a compositional `action' class. The challenging aspects of this real-life action recognition task include small fast moving objects, complex hand-object interactions, and occlusions. At the core of our submission is a recently-proposed spatial-temporal video attention model, called `W3' (`What-Where-When') attention~\cite{perez2020knowing}. We further introduce a simple yet effective contextual learning mechanism to model `action' class scores directly from long-term temporal behaviour based on the `verb' and `noun' prediction scores. Our solution achieves strong performance on the challenge metrics without using object-specific reasoning nor extra training data. In particular, our best solution with multimodal ensemble achieves the 2$^{nd}$ best position for `verb', and 3$^{rd}$ best for `noun' and `action' on the Seen Kitchens test set.      
### 81.Accurate Bounding-box Regression with Distance-IoU Loss for Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01864.pdf)
>  Most existing tracking methods are based on using a classifier and multi-scale estimation to estimate the state of the target. Consequently, and as expected, trackers have become more stable while tracking accuracy has stagnated. While the ATOM \cite{ATOM} tracker adopts a maximum overlap method based on an intersection-over-union (IoU) loss to mitigate this problem, there are defects in the IoU loss itself, that make it impossible to continue to optimize the objective function when a given bounding box is completely contained within another bounding box; this makes it very challenging to accurately estimate the target state. Accordingly, in this paper, we address the above-mentioned problem by proposing a novel tracking method based on a distance-IoU (DIoU) loss, such that the proposed tracker consists of a target estimation component and a target classification component. The target estimation component is trained to predict the DIoU score between the target ground-truth bounding-box and the estimated bounding-box. The DIoU loss can maintain the advantage provided by the IoU loss while minimizing the distance between the center points of two bounding boxes, thereby making the target estimation more accurate. Moreover, we introduce a classification component that is trained online to guarantee real-time tracking speed. Comprehensive experimental results demonstrate that our DIoUTrack achieves competitive tracking accuracy when compared with state-of-the-art trackers while also tracking speed is over $50$ $fps$.      
### 82.Deep Learning Models for Visual Inspection on Automotive Assembling Line  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01857.pdf)
>  Automotive manufacturing assembly tasks are built upon visual inspections such as scratch identification on machined surfaces, part identification and selection, etc, which guarantee product and process quality. These tasks can be related to more than one type of vehicle that is produced within the same manufacturing line. Visual inspection was essentially human-led but has recently been supplemented by the artificial perception provided by computer vision systems (CVSs). Despite their relevance, the accuracy of CVSs varies accordingly to environmental settings such as lighting, enclosure and quality of image acquisition. These issues entail costly solutions and override part of the benefits introduced by computer vision systems, mainly when it interferes with the operating cycle time of the factory. In this sense, this paper proposes the use of deep learning-based methodologies to assist in visual inspection tasks while leaving very little footprints in the manufacturing environment and exploring it as an end-to-end tool to ease CVSs setup. The proposed approach is illustrated by four proofs of concept in a real automotive assembly line based on models for object detection, semantic segmentation, and anomaly detection.      
### 83.Coronary Heart Disease Diagnosis Based on Improved Ensemble Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02895.pdf)
>  Accurate diagnosis is required before performing proper treatments for coronary heart disease. Machine learning based approaches have been proposed by many researchers to improve the accuracy of coronary heart disease diagnosis. Ensemble learning and cascade generalization are among the methods which can be used to improve the generalization ability of learning algorithm. The objective of this study is to develop heart disease diagnosis method based on ensemble learning and cascade generalization. Cascade generalization method with loose coupling strategy is proposed in this study. C4. 5 and RIPPER algorithm were used as meta-level algorithm and Naive Bayes was used as baselevel algorithm. Bagging and Random Subspace were evaluated for constructing the ensemble. The hybrid cascade ensemble methods are compared with the learning algorithms in non-ensemble mode and non-cascade mode. The methods are also compared with Rotation Forest. Based on the evaluation result, the hybrid cascade ensemble method demonstrated the best result for the given heart disease diagnosis case. Accuracy and diversity evaluation was performed to analyze the impact of the cascade strategy. Based on the result, the accuracy of the classifiers in the ensemble is increased but the diversity is decreased.      
### 84.Augment Yourself: Mixed Reality Self-Augmentation Using Optical See-through Head-mounted Displays and Physical Mirrors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02884.pdf)
>  Optical see-though head-mounted displays (OST HMDs) are one of the key technologies for merging virtual objects and physical scenes to provide an immersive mixed reality (MR) environment to its user. A fundamental limitation of HMDs is, that the user itself cannot be augmented conveniently as, in casual posture, only the distal upper extremities are within the field of view of the HMD. Consequently, most MR applications that are centered around the user, such as virtual dressing rooms or learning of body movements, cannot be realized with HMDs. In this paper, we propose a novel concept and prototype system that combines OST HMDs and physical mirrors to enable self-augmentation and provide an immersive MR environment centered around the user. Our system, to the best of our knowledge the first of its kind, estimates the user's pose in the virtual image generated by the mirror using an RGBD camera attached to the HMD and anchors virtual objects to the reflection rather than the user directly. We evaluate our system quantitatively with respect to calibration accuracy and infrared signal degradation effects due to the mirror, and show its potential in applications where large mirrors are already an integral part of the facility. Particularly, we demonstrate its use for virtual fitting rooms, gaming applications, anatomy learning, and personal fitness. In contrast to competing devices such as LCD-equipped smart mirrors, the proposed system consists of only an HMD with RGBD camera and, thus, does not require a prepared environment making it very flexible and generic. In future work, we will aim to investigate how the system can be optimally used for physical rehabilitation and personal training as a promising application.      
### 85.Adversarial Uni- and Multi-modal Stream Networks for Multimodal Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02790.pdf)
>  Deformable image registration between Computed Tomography (CT) images and Magnetic Resonance (MR) imaging is essential for many image-guided therapies. In this paper, we propose a novel translation-based unsupervised deformable image registration method. Distinct from other translation-based methods that attempt to convert the multimodal problem (e.g., CT-to-MR) into a unimodal problem (e.g., MR-to-MR) via image-to-image translation, our method leverages the deformation fields estimated from both: (i) the translated MR image and (ii) the original CT image in a dual-stream fashion, and automatically learns how to fuse them to achieve better registration performance. The multimodal registration network can be effectively trained by computationally efficient similarity metrics without any ground-truth deformation. Our method has been evaluated on two clinical datasets and demonstrates promising results compared to state-of-the-art traditional and learning-based methods.      
### 86.Black-box Adversarial Example Generation with Normalizing Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02734.pdf)
>  Deep neural network classifiers suffer from adversarial vulnerability: well-crafted, unnoticeable changes to the input data can affect the classifier decision. In this regard, the study of powerful adversarial attacks can help shed light on sources of this malicious behavior. In this paper, we propose a novel black-box adversarial attack using normalizing flows. We show how an adversary can be found by searching over a pre-trained flow-based model base distribution. This way, we can generate adversaries that resemble the original data closely as the perturbations are in the shape of the data. We then demonstrate the competitive performance of the proposed approach against well-known black-box adversarial attack methods.      
### 87.Perceptually Optimizing Deep Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02711.pdf)
>  Mean squared error (MSE) and $\ell_p$ norms have largely dominated the measurement of loss in neural networks due to their simplicity and analytical properties. However, when used to assess visual information loss, these simple norms are not highly consistent with human perception. Here, we propose a different proxy approach to optimize image analysis networks against quantitative perceptual models. Specifically, we construct a proxy network, which mimics the perceptual model while serving as a loss layer of the network.We experimentally demonstrate how this optimization framework can be applied to train an end-to-end optimized image compression network. By building on top of a modern deep image compression models, we are able to demonstrate an averaged bitrate reduction of $28.7\%$ over MSE optimization, given a specified perceptual quality (VMAF) level.      
### 88.An Elastic Interaction-Based Loss Function for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02663.pdf)
>  Deep learning techniques have shown their success in medical image segmentation since they are easy to manipulate and robust to various types of datasets. The commonly used loss functions in the deep segmentation task are pixel-wise loss functions. This results in a bottleneck for these models to achieve high precision for complicated structures in biomedical images. For example, the predicted small blood vessels in retinal images are often disconnected or even missed under the supervision of the pixel-wise losses. This paper addresses this problem by introducing a long-range elastic interaction-based training strategy. In this strategy, convolutional neural network (CNN) learns the target region under the guidance of the elastic interaction energy between the boundary of the predicted region and that of the actual object. Under the supervision of the proposed loss, the boundary of the predicted region is attracted strongly by the object boundary and tends to stay connected. Experimental results show that our method is able to achieve considerable improvements compared to commonly used pixel-wise loss functions (cross entropy and dice Loss) and other recent loss functions on three retinal vessel segmentation datasets, DRIVE, STARE and CHASEDB1.      
### 89.Dynamic memory to alleviate catastrophic forgetting in continuous learning settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02639.pdf)
>  In medical imaging, technical progress or changes in diagnostic procedures lead to a continuous change in image appearance. Scanner manufacturer, reconstruction kernel, dose, other protocol specific settings or administering of contrast agents are examples that influence image content independent of the scanned biology. Such domain and task shifts limit the applicability of machine learning algorithms in the clinical routine by rendering models obsolete over time. Here, we address the problem of data shifts in a continuous learning scenario by adapting a model to unseen variations in the source domain while counteracting catastrophic forgetting effects. Our method uses a dynamic memory to facilitate rehearsal of a diverse training data subset to mitigate forgetting. We evaluated our approach on routine clinical CT data obtained with two different scanner protocols and synthetic classification tasks. Experiments show that dynamic memory counters catastrophic forgetting in a setting with multiple data shifts without the necessity for explicit knowledge about when these shifts occur.      
### 90.Understanding and Improving Fast Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02617.pdf)
>  A recent line of work focused on making adversarial training computationally efficient for deep learning models. In particular, Wong et al. (2020) showed that $\ell_\infty$-adversarial training with fast gradient sign method (FGSM) can fail due to a phenomenon called "catastrophic overfitting", when the model quickly loses its robustness over a single epoch of training. We show that adding a random step to FGSM, as proposed in Wong et al. (2020), does not prevent catastrophic overfitting, and that randomness is not important per se -- its main role being simply to reduce the magnitude of the perturbation. Moreover, we show that catastrophic overfitting is not inherent to deep and overparametrized networks, but can occur in a single-layer convolutional network with a few filters. In an extreme case, even a single filter can make the network highly non-linear locally, which is the main reason why FGSM training fails. Based on this observation, we propose a new regularization method, GradAlign, that prevents catastrophic overfitting by explicitly maximizing the gradient alignment inside the perturbation set and improves the quality of the FGSM solution. As a result, GradAlign allows to successfully apply FGSM training also for larger $\ell_\infty$-perturbations and reduce the gap to multi-step adversarial training. The code of our experiments is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tml-epfl/understanding-fast-adv-training" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 91.A Convolutional Approach to Vertebrae Detection and Labelling in Whole Spine MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02606.pdf)
>  We propose a novel convolutional method for the detection and identification of vertebrae in whole spine MRIs. This involves using a learnt vector field to group detected vertebrae corners together into individual vertebral bodies and convolutional image-to-image translation followed by beam search to label vertebral levels in a self-consistent manner. The method can be applied without modification to lumbar, cervical and thoracic-only scans across a range of different MR sequences. The resulting system achieves 98.1% detection rate and 96.5% identification rate on a challenging clinical dataset of whole spine scans and matches or exceeds the performance of previous systems on lumbar-only scans. Finally, we demonstrate the clinical applicability of this method, using it for automated scoliosis detection in both lumbar and whole spine MR scans.      
### 92.On the Connection between Dynamical Optimal Transport and Functional Lifting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02587.pdf)
>  Functional lifting methods provide a tool for approximating solutions of difficult non-convex problems by embedding them into a larger space. In this work, we investigate a mathematically rigorous formulation based on embedding into the space of pointwise probability measures over a fixed range $\Gamma$. Interestingly, this approach can be derived as a generalization of the theory of dynamical optimal transport. Imposing the established continuity equation as a constraint corresponds to variational models with first-order regularization. By modifying the continuity equation, the approach can also be extended to models with higher-order regularization.      
### 93.Probabilistic Multi-modal Trajectory Prediction with Lane Attention for Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02574.pdf)
>  Trajectory prediction is crucial for autonomous vehicles. The planning system not only needs to know the current state of the surrounding objects but also their possible states in the future. As for vehicles, their trajectories are significantly influenced by the lane geometry and how to effectively use the lane information is of active interest. Most of the existing works use rasterized maps to explore road information, which does not distinguish different lanes. In this paper, we propose a novel instance-aware representation for lane representation. By integrating the lane features and trajectory features, a goal-oriented lane attention module is proposed to predict the future locations of the vehicle. We show that the proposed lane representation together with the lane attention module can be integrated into the widely used encoder-decoder framework to generate diverse predictions. Most importantly, each generated trajectory is associated with a probability to handle the uncertainty. Our method does not suffer from collapsing to one behavior modal and can cover diverse possibilities. Extensive experiments and ablation studies on the benchmark datasets corroborate the effectiveness of our proposed method. Notably, our proposed method ranks third place in the Argoverse motion forecasting competition at NeurIPS 2019.      
### 94.Traffic Agent Trajectory Prediction Using Social Convolution and Attention Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02515.pdf)
>  The trajectory prediction is significant for the decision-making of autonomous driving vehicles. In this paper, we propose a model to predict the trajectories of target agents around an autonomous vehicle. The main idea of our method is considering the history trajectories of the target agent and the influence of surrounding agents on the target agent. To this end, we encode the target agent history trajectories as an attention mask and construct a social map to encode the interactive relationship between the target agent and its surrounding agents. Given a trajectory sequence, the LSTM networks are firstly utilized to extract the features for all agents, based on which the attention mask and social map are formed. Then, the attention mask and social map are fused to get the fusion feature map, which is processed by the social convolution to obtain a fusion feature representation. Finally, this fusion feature is taken as the input of a variable-length LSTM to predict the trajectory of the target agent. We note that the variable-length LSTM enables our model to handle the case that the number of agents in the sensing scope is highly dynamic in traffic scenes. To verify the effectiveness of our method, we widely compare with several methods on a public dataset, achieving a 20% error decrease. In addition, the model satisfies the real-time requirement with the 32 fps.      
### 95.Deep Learning for Anomaly Detection: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02500.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection, a.k.a. outlier detection, has been a lasting yet active research area in various research communities for several decades. There are still some unique problem complexities and challenges that require advanced approaches. In recent years, deep learning enabled anomaly detection, i.e., deep anomaly detection, has emerged as a critical direction. This paper reviews the research of deep anomaly detection with a comprehensive taxonomy of detection methods, covering advancements in three high-level categories and 11 fine-grained categories of the methods. We review their key intuitions, objective functions, underlying assumptions, advantages and disadvantages, and discuss how they address the aforementioned challenges. We further discuss a set of possible future opportunities and new perspectives on addressing the challenges.      
### 96.Automatic semantic segmentation for prediction of tuberculosis using lens-free microscopy images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02482.pdf)
>  Tuberculosis (TB), caused by a germ called Mycobacterium tuberculosis, is one of the most serious public health problems in Peru and the world. The development of this project seeks to facilitate and automate the diagnosis of tuberculosis by the MODS method and using lens-free microscopy, due they are easier to calibrate and easier to use (by untrained personnel) in comparison with lens microscopy. Thus, we employ a U-Net network in our collected dataset to perform the automatic segmentation of the TB cords in order to predict tuberculosis. Our initial results show promising evidence for automatic segmentation of TB cords.      
### 97.Can Un-trained Neural Networks Compete with Trained Neural Networks at Image Reconstruction?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02471.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are highly effective for image reconstruction problems. Typically, CNNs are trained on large amounts of training images. Recently, however, un-trained neural networks such as the Deep Image Prior and Deep Decoder have achieved excellent image reconstruction performance for standard image reconstruction problems such as image denoising and image inpainting, without using any training data. This success raises the question whether un-trained neural networks can compete with trained ones for practical imaging tasks. To address this question, we consider accelerated magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), an important medical imaging problem, which has received significant attention from the deep-learning community, and for which a dedicated training set exists. We study and optimize un-trained architectures, and as a result, propose a variation of the architectures of the deep image prior and deep decoder. We show that the resulting convolutional decoder out-performs other un-trained methods and---most importantly---achieves on-par performance with a standard trained baseline, the U-net, on the FastMRI dataset, a new dataset for benchmarking deep learning based reconstruction methods. Besides achieving on-par reconstruction performance relative to trained methods, we demonstrate that a key advantage over trained methods is robustness to out-of-distribution examples.      
### 98.Using Capsule Neural Network to predict Tuberculosis in lens-free microscopic images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02457.pdf)
>  Tuberculosis, caused by a bacteria called Mycobacterium tuberculosis, is one of the most serious public health problems worldwide. This work seeks to facilitate and automate the prediction of tuberculosis by the MODS method and using lens-free microscopy, which is easy to use by untrained personnel. We employ the CapsNet architecture in our collected dataset and show that it has a better accuracy than traditional CNN architectures.      
### 99.Pseudo-Rehearsal for Continual Learning with Normalizing Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02443.pdf)
>  Catastrophic forgetting (CF) happens whenever a neural network overwrites past knowledge while being trained on new tasks. Common techniques to handle CF include regularization of the weights (using, e.g., their importance on past tasks), and rehearsal strategies, where the network is constantly re-trained on past data. Generative models have also been applied for the latter, in order to have endless sources of data. In this paper, we propose a novel method that combines the strengths of regularization and generative-based rehearsal approaches. Our generative model consists of a normalizing flow (NF), a probabilistic and invertible neural network, trained on the internal embeddings of the network. By keeping a single NF conditioned on the task, we show that our memory overhead remains constant. In addition, exploiting the invertibility of the NF, we propose a simple approach to regularize the network's embeddings with respect to past tasks. We show that our method performs favorably with respect to state-of-the-art approaches in the literature, with bounded computational power and memory overheads.      
### 100.Meta-Semi: A Meta-learning Approach for Semi-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02394.pdf)
>  Deep learning based semi-supervised learning (SSL) algorithms have led to promising results in recent years. However, they tend to introduce multiple tunable hyper-parameters, making them less practical in real SSL scenarios where the labeled data is scarce for extensive hyper-parameter search. In this paper, we propose a novel meta-learning based SSL algorithm (Meta-Semi) that requires tuning only one additional hyper-parameter, compared with a standard supervised deep learning algorithm, to achieve competitive performance under various conditions of SSL. We start by defining a meta optimization problem that minimizes the loss on labeled data through dynamically reweighting the loss on unlabeled samples, which are associated with soft pseudo labels during training. As the meta problem is computationally intensive to solve directly, we propose an efficient algorithm to dynamically obtain the approximate solutions. We show theoretically that Meta-Semi converges to the stationary point of the loss function on labeled data under mild conditions. Empirically, Meta-Semi outperforms state-of-the-art SSL algorithms significantly on the challenging semi-supervised CIFAR-100 and STL-10 tasks, and achieves competitive performance on CIFAR-10 and SVHN.      
### 101.Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Identifying Seam-Carving Forgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02393.pdf)
>  Seam carving is a representative content-aware image retargeting approach to adjust the size of an image while preserving its visually prominent content. To maintain visually important content, seam-carving algorithms first calculate the connected path of pixels, referred to as the seam, according to a defined cost function and then adjust the size of an image by removing and duplicating repeatedly calculated seams. Seam carving is actively exploited to overcome diversity in the resolution of images between applications and devices; hence, detecting the distortion caused by seam carving has become important in image forensics. In this paper, we propose a convolutional neural network (CNN)-based approach to classifying seam-carving-based image retargeting for reduction and expansion. To attain the ability to learn low-level features, we designed a CNN architecture comprising five types of network blocks specialized for capturing subtle signals. An ensemble module is further adopted to both enhance performance and comprehensively analyze the features in the local areas of the given image. To validate the effectiveness of our work, extensive experiments based on various CNN-based baselines were conducted. Compared to the baselines, our work exhibits state-of-the-art performance in terms of three-class classification (original, seam inserted, and seam removed). In addition, our model with the ensemble module is robust for various unseen cases. The experimental results also demonstrate that our method can be applied to localize both seam-removed and seam-inserted areas.      
### 102.GanglionNet: Objectively Assess the Density and Distribution of Ganglion Cells With NABLA-N Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02367.pdf)
>  Hirschsprungs disease (HD) is a birth defect which is diagnosed and managed by multiple medical specialties such as pediatric gastroenterology, surgery, radiology, and pathology. HD is characterized by absence of ganglion cells in the distal intestinal tract with a gradual normalization of ganglion cell numbers in adjacent upstream bowel, termed as the transition zone (TZ). Definitive surgical management to remove the abnormal bowel requires accurate assessment of ganglion cell density in histological sections from the TZ, which is difficult, time-consuming and prone to operator error. We present an automated method to detect and count immunostained ganglion cells using a new NABLA_N network based deep learning (DL) approach, called GanglionNet. The morphological image analysis methods are applied for refinement of the regions for counting of the cells and define ganglia regions (a set of ganglion cells) from the predicted masks. The proposed model is trained with single point annotated samples by the expert pathologist. The GanglionNet is tested on ten completely new High Power Field (HPF) images with dimension of 2560x1920 pixels and the outputs are compared against the manual counting results by the expert pathologist. The proposed method shows a robust 97.49% detection accuracy for ganglion cells, when compared to counts by the expert pathologist, which demonstrates the robustness of GanglionNet. The proposed DL based ganglion cell detection and counting method will simplify and standardize TZ diagnosis for HD patients.      
### 103.Self-supervised Depth Estimation to Regularise Semantic Segmentation in Knee Arthroscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02361.pdf)
>  Intra-operative automatic semantic segmentation of knee joint structures can assist surgeons during knee arthroscopy in terms of situational awareness. However, due to poor imaging conditions (e.g., low texture, overexposure, etc.), automatic semantic segmentation is a challenging scenario, which justifies the scarce literature on this topic. In this paper, we propose a novel self-supervised monocular depth estimation to regularise the training of the semantic segmentation in knee arthroscopy. To further regularise the depth estimation, we propose the use of clean training images captured by the stereo arthroscope of routine objects (presenting none of the poor imaging conditions and with rich texture information) to pre-train the model. We fine-tune such model to produce both the semantic segmentation and self-supervised monocular depth using stereo arthroscopic images taken from inside the knee. Using a data set containing 3868 arthroscopic images captured during cadaveric knee arthroscopy with semantic segmentation annotations, 2000 stereo image pairs of cadaveric knee arthroscopy, and 2150 stereo image pairs of routine objects, we show that our semantic segmentation regularised by self-supervised depth estimation produces a more accurate segmentation than a state-of-the-art semantic segmentation approach modeled exclusively with semantic segmentation annotation.      
### 104.Automatically Generating Codes from Graphical Screenshots Based on Deep Autocoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02272.pdf)
>  During software front-end development, the work to convert Graphical User Interface(GUI) image to the corresponding front-end code is an inevitable tedious work. There have been some attempts to make this work to be automatic. However, the GUI code generated by these models is not accurate due to the lack of attention mechanism guidance. To solve this problem, we propose PixCoder based on an artificially supervised attention mechanism. The approach is to train a neural network to predict the style sheets in the input GUI image and then output a vector. PixCoder generate the GUI code targeting specific platform according to the output vector. The experimental results have shown the accuracy of the GUI code generated by PixCoder is over 95%.      
### 105.Spatial-Angular Attention Network for Light Field Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02252.pdf)
>  Learning-based light field reconstruction methods demand in constructing a large receptive field by deepening the network to capture correspondences between input views. In this paper, we propose a spatial-angular attention network to perceive correspondences in the light field non-locally, and reconstruction high angular resolution light field in an end-to-end manner. Motivated by the non-local attention mechanism, a spatial-angular attention module specifically for the high-dimensional light field data is introduced to compute the responses from all the positions in the epipolar plane for each pixel in the light field, and generate an attention map that captures correspondences along the angular dimension. We then propose a multi-scale reconstruction structure to efficiently implement the non-local attention in the low spatial scale, while also preserving the high frequency components in the high spatial scales. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed spatial-angular attention network for reconstructing sparsely-sampled light fields with non-Lambertian effects.      
### 106.Stereo Visual Inertial Pose Estimation Based on Feedforward-Feedback Loops  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02250.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel stereo visual inertial pose estimation method. Compared to the widely used filter-based or optimization-based approaches, the pose estimation process is modeled as a control system. Designed feedback or feedforward loops are introduced to achieve the stable control of the system, which include a gradient decreased feedback loop, a roll-pitch feed forward loop and a bias estimation feedback loop. This system, named FLVIS (Feedforward-feedback Loop-based Visual Inertial System), is evaluated on the popular EuRoc MAV dataset. FLVIS achieves high accuracy and robustness with respect to other state-of-the-art visual SLAM approaches. The system has also been implemented and tested on a UAV platform. The source code of this research is public to the research community.      
### 107.Blind Inverse Gamma Correction with Maximized Differential Entropy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02246.pdf)
>  Unwanted nonlinear gamma distortion frequently occurs in a great diversity of images during the procedures of image acquisition, processing, and/or display. And the gamma distortion often varies with capture setup change and luminance variation. Blind inverse gamma correction, which automatically determines a proper restoration gamma value from a given image, is of paramount importance to attenuate the distortion. For blind inverse gamma correction, an adaptive gamma transformation method (AGT-ME) is proposed directly from a maximized differential entropy model. And the corresponding optimization has a mathematical concise closed-form solution, resulting in efficient implementation and accurate gamma restoration of AGT-ME. Considering the human eye has a non-linear perception sensitivity, a modified version AGT-ME-VISUAL is also proposed to achieve better visual performance. Tested on variable datasets, AGT-ME could obtain an accurate estimation of a large range of gamma distortion (0.1 to 3.0), outperforming the state-of-the-art methods. Besides, the proposed AGT-ME and AGT-ME-VISUAL were applied to three typical applications, including automatic gamma adjustment, natural/medical image contrast enhancement, and fringe projection profilometry image restoration. Furthermore, the AGT-ME/ AGT-ME-VISUAL is general and can be seamlessly extended to the masked image, multi-channel (color or spectrum) image, or multi-frame video, and free of the arbitrary tuning parameter. Besides, the corresponding Python code (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yongleex/AGT-ME" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) is also provided for interested users.      
### 108.An Integer Approximation Method for Discrete Sinusoidal Transforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02232.pdf)
>  Approximate methods have been considered as a means to the evaluation of discrete transforms. In this work, we propose and analyze a class of integer transforms for the discrete Fourier, Hartley, and cosine transforms (DFT, DHT, and DCT), based on simple dyadic rational approximation methods. The introduced method is general, applicable to several block-lengths, whereas existing approaches are usually dedicated to specific transform sizes. The suggested approximate transforms enjoy low multiplicative complexity and the orthogonality property is achievable via matrix polar decomposition. We show that the obtained transforms are competitive with archived methods in literature. New 8-point square wave approximate transforms for the DFT, DHT, and DCT are also introduced as particular cases of the introduced methodology.      
### 109.On Connections between Regularizations for Improving DNN Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02209.pdf)
>  This paper analyzes regularization terms proposed recently for improving the adversarial robustness of deep neural networks (DNNs), from a theoretical point of view. Specifically, we study possible connections between several effective methods, including input-gradient regularization, Jacobian regularization, curvature regularization, and a cross-Lipschitz functional. We investigate them on DNNs with general rectified linear activations, which constitute one of the most prevalent families of models for image classification and a host of other machine learning applications. We shed light on essential ingredients of these regularizations and re-interpret their functionality. Through the lens of our study, more principled and efficient regularizations can possibly be invented in the near future.      
### 110.A Weakly Supervised Consistency-based Learning Method for COVID-19 Segmentation in CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02180.pdf)
>  Acquiring count annotations generally requires less human effort than point-level and bounding box annotations. Thus, we propose the novel problem setup of localizing objects in dense scenes under this weaker supervision. We propose LOOC, a method to Localize Overlapping Objects with Count supervision. We train LOOC by alternating between two stages. In the first stage, LOOC learns to generate pseudo point-level annotations in a semi-supervised manner. In the second stage, LOOC uses a fully-supervised localization method that trains on these pseudo labels. The localization method is used to progressively improve the quality of the pseudo labels. We conducted experiments on popular counting datasets. For localization, LOOC achieves a strong new baseline in the novel problem setup where only count supervision is available. For counting, LOOC outperforms current state-of-the-art methods that only use count as their supervision. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ElementAI/looc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 111.Neuro-Symbolic Generative Art: A Preliminary Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02171.pdf)
>  There are two classes of generative art approaches: neural, where a deep model is trained to generate samples from a data distribution, and symbolic or algorithmic, where an artist designs the primary parameters and an autonomous system generates samples within these constraints. In this work, we propose a new hybrid genre: neuro-symbolic generative art. As a preliminary study, we train a generative deep neural network on samples from the symbolic approach. We demonstrate through human studies that subjects find the final artifacts and the creation process using our neuro-symbolic approach to be more creative than the symbolic approach 61% and 82% of the time respectively.      
### 112.Multi-Site Infant Brain Segmentation Algorithms: The iSeg-2019 Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02096.pdf)
>  To better understand early brain growth patterns in health and disorder, it is critical to accurately segment infant brain magnetic resonance (MR) images into white matter (WM), gray matter (GM), and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). Deep learning-based methods have achieved state-of-the-art performance; however, one of major limitations is that the learning-based methods may suffer from the multi-site issue, that is, the models trained on a dataset from one site may not be applicable to the datasets acquired from other sites with different imaging protocols/scanners. To promote methodological development in the community, iSeg-2019 challenge (<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://iseg2019.web.unc.edu" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>) provides a set of 6-month infant subjects from multiple sites with different protocols/scanners for the participating methods. Training/validation subjects are from UNC (MAP) and testing subjects are from UNC/UMN (BCP), Stanford University, and Emory University. By the time of writing, there are 30 automatic segmentation methods participating in iSeg-2019. We review the 8 top-ranked teams by detailing their pipelines/implementations, presenting experimental results and evaluating performance in terms of the whole brain, regions of interest, and gyral landmark curves. We also discuss their limitations and possible future directions for the multi-site issue. We hope that the multi-site dataset in iSeg-2019 and this review article will attract more researchers on the multi-site issue.      
### 113.Multi-Sensor Next-Best-View Planning as Matroid-Constrained Submodular Maximization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02084.pdf)
>  3D scene models are useful in robotics for tasks such as path planning, object manipulation, and structural inspection. We consider the problem of creating a 3D model using depth images captured by a team of multiple robots. Each robot selects a viewpoint and captures a depth image from it, and the images are fused to update the scene model. The process is repeated until a scene model of desired quality is obtained. Next-best-view planning uses the current scene model to select the next viewpoints. The objective is to select viewpoints so that the images captured using them improve the quality of the scene model the most. In this paper, we address next-best-view planning for multiple depth cameras. We propose a utility function that scores sets of viewpoints and avoids overlap between multiple sensors. We show that multi-sensor next-best-view planning with this utility function is an instance of submodular maximization under a matroid constraint. This allows the planning problem to be solved by a polynomial-time greedy algorithm that yields a solution within a constant factor from the optimal. We evaluate the performance of our planning algorithm in simulated experiments with up to 8 sensors, and in real-world experiments using two robot arms equipped with depth cameras.      
### 114.Registration of Histopathogy Images Using Structural Information From Fine Grained Feature Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02078.pdf)
>  Registration is an important part of many clinical workflows and factually, including information of structures of interest improves registration performance. We propose a novel approach of combining segmentation information in a registration framework using self supervised segmentation feature maps extracted using a pre-trained segmentation network followed by clustering. Using self supervised feature maps enables us to use segmentation information despite the unavailability of manual segmentations. Experimental results show our approach effectively replaces manual segmentation maps and demonstrate the possibility of obtaining state of the art registration performance in real world cases where manual segmentation maps are unavailable.      
### 115.Speckle2Void: Deep Self-Supervised SAR Despeckling with Blind-Spot Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02075.pdf)
>  Information extraction from synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images is heavily impaired by speckle noise, hence despeckling is a crucial preliminary step in scene analysis algorithms. The recent success of deep learning envisions a new generation of despeckling techniques that could outperform classical model-based methods. However, current deep learning approaches to despeckling require supervision for training, whereas clean SAR images are impossible to obtain. In the literature, this issue is tackled by resorting to either synthetically speckled optical images, which exhibit different properties with respect to true SAR images, or multi-temporal SAR images, which are difficult to acquire or fuse accurately. In this paper, inspired by recent works on blind-spot denoising networks, we propose a self-supervised Bayesian despeckling method. The proposed method is trained employing only noisy SAR images and can therefore learn features of real SAR images rather than synthetic data. Experiments show that the performance of the proposed approach is very close to the supervised training approach on synthetic data and superior on real data in both quantitative and visual assessments.      
### 116.Deep Bilateral Retinex for Low-Light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.02018.pdf)
>  Low-light images, i.e. the images captured in low-light conditions, suffer from very poor visibility caused by low contrast, color distortion and significant measurement noise. Low-light image enhancement is about improving the visibility of low-light images. As the measurement noise in low-light images is usually significant yet complex with spatially-varying characteristic, how to handle the noise effectively is an important yet challenging problem in low-light image enhancement. Based on the Retinex decomposition of natural images, this paper proposes a deep learning method for low-light image enhancement with a particular focus on handling the measurement noise. The basic idea is to train a neural network to generate a set of pixel-wise operators for simultaneously predicting the noise and the illumination layer, where the operators are defined in the bilateral space. Such an integrated approach allows us to have an accurate prediction of the reflectance layer in the presence of significant spatially-varying measurement noise. Extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets have shown that the proposed method is very competitive to the state-of-the-art methods, and has significant advantage over others when processing images captured in extremely low lighting conditions.      
### 117.Interpretation of Disease Evidence for Medical Images Using Adversarial Deformation Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01975.pdf)
>  The high complexity of deep learning models is associated with the difficulty of explaining what evidence they recognize as correlating with specific disease labels. This information is critical for building trust in models and finding their biases. Until now, automated deep learning visualization solutions have identified regions of images used by classifiers, but these solutions are too coarse, too noisy, or have a limited representation of the way images can change. We propose a novel method for formulating and presenting spatial explanations of disease evidence, called deformation field interpretation with generative adversarial networks (DeFI-GAN). An adversarially trained generator produces deformation fields that modify images of diseased patients to resemble images of healthy patients. We validate the method studying chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) evidence in chest x-rays (CXRs) and Alzheimer's disease (AD) evidence in brain MRIs. When extracting disease evidence in longitudinal data, we show compelling results against a baseline producing difference maps. DeFI-GAN also highlights disease biomarkers not found by previous methods and potential biases that may help in investigations of the dataset and of the adopted learning methods.      
### 118.Structure-Aware Human-Action Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01971.pdf)
>  Generating long-range skeleton-based human actions has been a challenging problem since small deviations of one frame can cause a malformed action sequence. Most existing methods borrow ideas from video generation, which naively treat skeleton nodes/joints as pixels of images without considering the rich inter-frame and intra-frame structure information, leading to potential distorted actions. Graph convolutional networks (GCNs) is a promising way to leverage structure information to learn structure representations. However, directly adopting GCNs to tackle such continuous action sequences both in spatial and temporal spaces is challenging as the action graph could be huge. To overcome this issue, we propose a variant of GCNs to leverage the powerful self-attention mechanism to adaptively sparsify a complete action graph in the temporal space. Our method could dynamically attend to important past frames and construct a sparse graph to apply in the GCN framework, well-capturing the structure information in action sequences. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method on two standard human action datasets compared with existing methods.      
### 119.Knowledge Distillation Beyond Model Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01922.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) is commonly deemed as an effective model compression technique in which a compact model (student) is trained under the supervision of a larger pretrained model or an ensemble of models (teacher). Various techniques have been proposed since the original formulation, which mimic different aspects of the teacher such as the representation space, decision boundary, or intra-data relationship. Some methods replace the one-way knowledge distillation from a static teacher with collaborative learning between a cohort of students. Despite the recent advances, a clear understanding of where knowledge resides in a deep neural network and an optimal method for capturing knowledge from teacher and transferring it to student remains an open question. In this study, we provide an extensive study on nine different KD methods which covers a broad spectrum of approaches to capture and transfer knowledge. We demonstrate the versatility of the KD framework on different datasets and network architectures under varying capacity gaps between the teacher and student. The study provides intuition for the effects of mimicking different aspects of the teacher and derives insights from the performance of the different distillation approaches to guide the design of more effective KD methods. Furthermore, our study shows the effectiveness of the KD framework in learning efficiently under varying severity levels of label noise and class imbalance, consistently providing generalization gains over standard training. We emphasize that the efficacy of KD goes much beyond a model compression technique and it should be considered as a general-purpose training paradigm which offers more robustness to common challenges in the real-world datasets compared to the standard training procedure.      
### 120.TLIO: Tight Learned Inertial Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01867.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a tightly-coupled Extended Kalman Filter framework for IMU-only state estimation. Strap-down IMU measurements provide relative state estimates based on IMU kinematic motion model. However the integration of measurements is sensitive to sensor bias and noise, causing significant drift within seconds. Recent research by Yan et al. (RoNIN) and Chen et al. (IONet) showed the capability of using trained neural networks to obtain accurate 2D displacement estimates from segments of IMU data and obtained good position estimates from concatenating them. This paper demonstrates a network that regresses 3D displacement estimates and its uncertainty, giving us the ability to tightly fuse the relative state measurement into a stochastic cloning EKF to solve for pose, velocity and sensor biases. We show that our network, trained with pedestrian data from a headset, can produce statistically consistent measurement and uncertainty to be used as the update step in the filter, and the tightly-coupled system outperforms velocity integration approaches in position estimates, and AHRS attitude filter in orientation estimates.      
### 121.Selecting Regions of Interest in Large Multi-Scale Images for Cancer Pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01866.pdf)
>  Recent breakthroughs in object detection and image classification using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are revolutionizing the state of the art in medical imaging, and microscopy in particular presents abundant opportunities for computer vision algorithms to assist medical professionals in diagnosis of diseases ranging from malaria to cancer. High resolution scans of microscopy slides called Whole Slide Images (WSIs) offer enough information for a cancer pathologist to come to a conclusion regarding cancer presence, subtype, and severity based on measurements of features within the slide image at multiple scales and resolutions. WSIs' extremely high resolutions and feature scales ranging from gross anatomical structures down to cell nuclei preclude the use of standard CNN models for object detection and classification, which have typically been designed for images with dimensions in the hundreds of pixels and with objects on the order of the size of the image itself. We explore parallel approaches based on Reinforcement Learning and Beam Search to learn to progressively zoom into the WSI to detect Regions of Interest (ROIs) in liver pathology slides containing one of two types of liver cancer, namely Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC) and Cholangiocarcinoma (CC). These ROIs can then be presented directly to the pathologist to aid in measurement and diagnosis or be used for automated classification of tumor subtype.      
