# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 24 Jul 2020
### 1.Smooth-AP: Smoothing the Path Towards Large-Scale Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12163.pdf)
>  Optimising a ranking-based metric, such as Average Precision (AP), is notoriously challenging due to the fact that it is non-differentiable, and hence cannot be optimised directly using gradient-descent methods. To this end, we introduce an objective that optimises instead a smoothed approximation of AP, coined Smooth-AP. Smooth-AP is a plug-and-play objective function that allows for end-to-end training of deep networks with a simple and elegant implementation. We also present an analysis for why directly optimising the ranking based metric of AP offers benefits over other deep metric learning losses. We apply Smooth-AP to standard retrieval benchmarks: Stanford Online products and VehicleID, and also evaluate on larger-scale datasets: INaturalist for fine-grained category retrieval, and VGGFace2 and IJB-C for face retrieval. In all cases, we improve the performance over the state-of-the-art, especially for larger-scale datasets, thus demonstrating the effectiveness and scalability of Smooth-AP to real-world scenarios.      
### 2.CurveLane-NAS: Unifying Lane-Sensitive Architecture Search and Adaptive Point Blending  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12147.pdf)
>  We address the curve lane detection problem which poses more realistic challenges than conventional lane detection for better facilitating modern assisted/autonomous driving systems. Current hand-designed lane detection methods are not robust enough to capture the curve lanes especially the remote parts due to the lack of modeling both long-range contextual information and detailed curve trajectory. In this paper, we propose a novel lane-sensitive architecture search framework named CurveLane-NAS to automatically capture both long-ranged coherent and accurate short-range curve information while unifying both architecture search and post-processing on curve lane predictions via point blending. It consists of three search modules: a) a feature fusion search module to find a better fusion of the local and global context for multi-level hierarchy features; b) an elastic backbone search module to explore an efficient feature extractor with good semantics and latency; c) an adaptive point blending module to search a multi-level post-processing refinement strategy to combine multi-scale head prediction. The unified framework ensures lane-sensitive predictions by the mutual guidance between NAS and adaptive point blending. Furthermore, we also steer forward to release a more challenging benchmark named CurveLanes for addressing the most difficult curve lanes. It consists of 150K images with 680K labels.The new dataset can be downloaded at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/xbjxh/CurveLanes" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> (already anonymized for this submission). Experiments on the new CurveLanes show that the SOTA lane detection methods suffer substantial performance drop while our model can still reach an 80+% F1-score. Extensive experiments on traditional lane benchmarks such as CULane also demonstrate the superiority of our CurveLane-NAS, e.g. achieving a new SOTA 74.8% F1-score on CULane.      
### 3.Spatially Aware Multimodal Transformers for TextVQA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12146.pdf)
>  Textual cues are essential for everyday tasks like buying groceries and using public transport. To develop this assistive technology, we study the TextVQA task, i.e., reasoning about text in images to answer a question. Existing approaches are limited in their use of spatial relations and rely on fully-connected transformer-like architectures to implicitly learn the spatial structure of a scene. In contrast, we propose a novel spatially aware self-attention layer such that each visual entity only looks at neighboring entities defined by a spatial graph. Further, each head in our multi-head self-attention layer focuses on a different subset of relations. Our approach has two advantages: (1) each head considers local context instead of dispersing the attention amongst all visual entities; (2) we avoid learning redundant features. We show that our model improves the absolute accuracy of current state-of-the-art methods on TextVQA by 2.2% overall over an improved baseline, and 4.62% on questions that involve spatial reasoning and can be answered correctly using OCR tokens. Similarly on ST-VQA, we improve the absolute accuracy by 4.2%. We further show that spatially aware self-attention improves visual grounding.      
### 4.HITNet: Hierarchical Iterative Tile Refinement Network for Real-time Stereo Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12140.pdf)
>  This paper presents HITNet, a novel neural network architecture for real-time stereo matching. Contrary to many recent neural network approaches that operate on a full cost volume and rely on 3D convolutions, our approach does not explicitly build a volume and instead relies on a fast multi-resolution initialization step, differentiable 2D geometric propagation and warping mechanisms to infer disparity hypotheses. To achieve a high level of accuracy, our network not only geometrically reasons about disparities but also infers slanted plane hypotheses allowing to more accurately perform geometric warping and upsampling operations. Our architecture is inherently multi-resolution allowing the propagation of information at different levels. Multiple experiments prove the effectiveness of the proposed approach at a fraction of the computation required by recent state-of-the-art methods. At time of writing, HITNet ranks 1st-3rd on all the metrics published on the ETH3D website for two view stereo and ranks 1st on the popular KITTI 2012 and 2015 benchmarks among the published methods faster than 100ms.      
### 5.BSL-1K: Scaling up co-articulated sign language recognition using mouthing cues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12131.pdf)
>  Recent progress in fine-grained gesture and action classification, and machine translation, point to the possibility of automated sign language recognition becoming a reality. A key stumbling block in making progress towards this goal is a lack of appropriate training data, stemming from the high complexity of sign annotation and a limited supply of qualified annotators. In this work, we introduce a new scalable approach to data collection for sign recognition in continuous videos. We make use of weakly-aligned subtitles for broadcast footage together with a keyword spotting method to automatically localise sign-instances for a vocabulary of 1,000 signs in 1,000 hours of video. We make the following contributions: (1) We show how to use mouthing cues from signers to obtain high-quality annotations from video data - the result is the BSL-1K dataset, a collection of British Sign Language (BSL) signs of unprecedented scale; (2) We show that we can use BSL-1K to train strong sign recognition models for co-articulated signs in BSL and that these models additionally form excellent pretraining for other sign languages and benchmarks - we exceed the state of the art on both the MSASL and WLASL benchmarks. Finally, (3) we propose new large-scale evaluation sets for the tasks of sign recognition and sign spotting and provide baselines which we hope will serve to stimulate research in this area.      
### 6.Sound2Sight: Generating Visual Dynamics from Sound and Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12130.pdf)
>  Learning associations across modalities is critical for robust multimodal reasoning, especially when a modality may be missing during inference. In this paper, we study this problem in the context of audio-conditioned visual synthesis -- a task that is important, for example, in occlusion reasoning. Specifically, our goal is to generate future video frames and their motion dynamics conditioned on audio and a few past frames. To tackle this problem, we present Sound2Sight, a deep variational framework, that is trained to learn a per frame stochastic prior conditioned on a joint embedding of audio and past frames. This embedding is learned via a multi-head attention-based audio-visual transformer encoder. The learned prior is then sampled to further condition a video forecasting module to generate future frames. The stochastic prior allows the model to sample multiple plausible futures that are consistent with the provided audio and the past context. Moreover, to improve the quality and coherence of the generated frames, we propose a multimodal discriminator that differentiates between a synthesized and a real audio-visual clip. We empirically evaluate our approach, vis-รก-vis closely-related prior methods, on two new datasets viz. (i) Multimodal Stochastic Moving MNIST with a Surprise Obstacle, (ii) Youtube Paintings; as well as on the existing Audio-Set Drums dataset. Our extensive experiments demonstrate that Sound2Sight significantly outperforms the state of the art in the generated video quality, while also producing diverse video content.      
### 7.Few-Shot Object Detection and Viewpoint Estimation for Objects in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12107.pdf)
>  Detecting objects and estimating their viewpoint in images are key tasks of 3D scene understanding. Recent approaches have achieved excellent results on very large benchmarks for object detection and viewpoint estimation. However, performances are still lagging behind for novel object categories with few samples. In this paper, we tackle the problems of few-shot object detection and few-shot viewpoint estimation. We propose a meta-learning framework that can be applied to both tasks, possibly including 3D data. Our models improve the results on objects of novel classes by leveraging on rich feature information originating from base classes with many samples. A simple joint feature embedding module is proposed to make the most of this feature sharing. Despite its simplicity, our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a large margin on a range of datasets, including PASCAL VOC and MS COCO for few-shot object detection, and Pascal3D+ and ObjectNet3D for few-shot viewpoint estimation. And for the first time, we tackle the combination of both few-shot tasks, on Object- Net3D, showing promising results. Our code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://imagine.enpc.fr/~xiaoy/FSDetView/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 8.Leveraging Bottom-Up and Top-Down Attention for Few-Shot Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12104.pdf)
>  Few-shot object detection aims at detecting objects with few annotated examples, which remains a challenging research problem yet to be explored. Recent studies have shown the effectiveness of self-learned top-down attention mechanisms in object detection and other vision tasks. The top-down attention, however, is less effective at improving the performance of few-shot detectors. Due to the insufficient training data, object detectors cannot effectively generate attention maps for few-shot examples. To improve the performance and interpretability of few-shot object detectors, we propose an attentive few-shot object detection network (AttFDNet) that takes the advantages of both top-down and bottom-up attention. Being task-agnostic, the bottom-up attention serves as a prior that helps detect and localize naturally salient objects. We further address specific challenges in few-shot object detection by introducing two novel loss terms and a hybrid few-shot learning strategy. Experimental results and visualization demonstrate the complementary nature of the two types of attention and their roles in few-shot object detection. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chenxy99/AttFDNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.PP-YOLO: An Effective and Efficient Implementation of Object Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12099.pdf)
>  Object detection is one of the most important areas in computer vision, which plays a key role in various practical scenarios. Due to limitation of hardware, it is often necessary to sacrifice accuracy to ensure the infer speed of the detector in practice. Therefore, the balance between effectiveness and efficiency of object detector must be considered. The goal of this paper is to implement an object detector with relatively balanced effectiveness and efficiency that can be directly applied in actual application scenarios, rather than propose a novel detection model. Considering that YOLOv3 has been widely used in practice, we develop a new object detector based on YOLOv3. We mainly try to combine various existing tricks that almost not increase the number of model parameters and FLOPs, to achieve the goal of improving the accuracy of detector as much as possible while ensuring that the speed is almost unchanged. Since all experiments in this paper are conducted based on PaddlePaddle, we call it PP-YOLO. By combining multiple tricks, PP-YOLO can achieve a better balance between effectiveness (45.% mAP) and efficiency (72.9 FPS), surpassing the existing state-of-the-art detectors such as EfficientDet and YOLOv4.Source code is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleDetection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Pixel-Pair Occlusion Relationship Map(P2ORM): Formulation, Inference &amp; Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12088.pdf)
>  We formalize concepts around geometric occlusion in 2D images (i.e., ignoring semantics), and propose a novel unified formulation of both occlusion boundaries and occlusion orientations via a pixel-pair occlusion relation. The former provides a way to generate large-scale accurate occlusion datasets while, based on the latter, we propose a novel method for task-independent pixel-level occlusion relationship estimation from single images. Experiments on a variety of datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms existing ones on this task. To further illustrate the value of our formulation, we also propose a new depth map refinement method that consistently improve the performance of state-of-the-art monocular depth estimation methods. Our code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://imagine.enpc.fr/~qiux/P2ORM/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 11.A Study on Evaluation Standard for Automatic Crack Detection Regard the Random Fractal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12082.pdf)
>  A reasonable evaluation standard underlies construction of effective deep learning models. However, we find in experiments that the automatic crack detectors based on deep learning are obviously underestimated by the widely used mean Average Precision (mAP) standard. This paper presents a study on the evaluation standard. It is clarified that the random fractal of crack disables the mAP standard, because the strict box matching in mAP calculation is unreasonable for the fractal feature. As a solution, a fractal-available evaluation standard named CovEval is proposed to correct the underestimation in crack detection. In CovEval, a different matching process based on the idea of covering box matching is adopted for this issue. In detail, Cover Area rate (CAr) is designed as a covering overlap, and a multi-match strategy is employed to release the one-to-one matching restriction in mAP. Extended Recall (XR), Extended Precision (XP) and Extended F-score (Fext) are defined for scoring the crack detectors. In experiments using several common frameworks for object detection, models get much higher scores in crack detection according to CovEval, which matches better with the visual performance. Moreover, based on faster R-CNN framework, we present a case study to optimize a crack detector based on CovEval standard. Recall (XR) of our best model achieves an industrial-level at 95.8, which implies that with reasonable standard for evaluation, the methods for object detection are with great potential for automatic industrial inspection.      
### 12.Representation Sharing for Fast Object Detector Search and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12075.pdf)
>  Region Proposal Network (RPN) provides strong support for handling the scale variation of objects in two-stage object detection. For one-stage detectors which do not have RPN, it is more demanding to have powerful sub-networks capable of directly capturing objects of unknown sizes. To enhance such capability, we propose an extremely efficient neural architecture search method, named Fast And Diverse (FAD), to better explore the optimal configuration of receptive fields and convolution types in the sub-networks for one-stage detectors. FAD consists of a designed search space and an efficient architecture search algorithm. The search space contains a rich set of diverse transformations designed specifically for object detection. To cope with the designed search space, a novel search algorithm termed Representation Sharing (RepShare) is proposed to effectively identify the best combinations of the defined transformations. In our experiments, FAD obtains prominent improvements on two types of one-stage detectors with various backbones. In particular, our FAD detector achieves 46.4 AP on MS-COCO (under single-scale testing), outperforming the state-of-the-art detectors, including the most recent NAS-based detectors, Auto-FPN (searched for 16 GPU-days) and NAS-FCOS (28 GPU-days), while significantly reduces the search cost to 0.6 GPU-days. Beyond object detection, we further demonstrate the generality of FAD on the more challenging instance segmentation, and expect it to benefit more tasks.      
### 13.TSIT: A Simple and Versatile Framework for Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12072.pdf)
>  We introduce a simple and versatile framework for image-to-image translation. We unearth the importance of normalization layers, and provide a carefully designed two-stream generative model with newly proposed feature transformations in a coarse-to-fine fashion. This allows multi-scale semantic structure information and style representation to be effectively captured and fused by the network, permitting our method to scale to various tasks in both unsupervised and supervised settings. No additional constraints (e.g., cycle consistency) are needed, contributing to a very clean and simple method. Multi-modal image synthesis with arbitrary style control is made possible. A systematic study compares the proposed method with several state-of-the-art task-specific baselines, verifying its effectiveness in both perceptual quality and quantitative evaluations.      
### 14.Polylidar3D -- Fast Polygon Extraction from 3D Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12065.pdf)
>  Flat surfaces captured by 3D point clouds are often used for localization, mapping, and modeling. Dense point cloud processing has high computation and memory costs making low-dimensional representations of flat surfaces such as polygons desirable. We present Polylidar3D, a non-convex polygon extraction algorithm which takes as input unorganized 3D point clouds (e.g., LiDAR data), organized point clouds (e.g., range images), or user-provided meshes. Non-convex polygons represent flat surfaces in an environment with interior cutouts representing obstacles or holes. The Polylidar3D front-end transforms input data into a half-edge triangular mesh. This representation provides a common level of input data abstraction for subsequent back-end processing. The Polylidar3D back-end is composed of four core algorithms: mesh smoothing, dominant plane normal estimation, planar segment extraction, and finally polygon extraction. Polylidar3D is shown to be quite fast, making use of CPU multi-threading and GPU acceleration when available. We demonstrate Polylidar3D's versatility and speed with real-world datasets including aerial LiDAR point clouds for rooftop mapping, autonomous driving LiDAR point clouds for road surface detection, and RGBD cameras for indoor floor/wall detection. We also evaluate Polylidar3D on a challenging planar segmentation benchmark dataset. Results consistently show excellent speed and accuracy.      
### 15.Implicit Latent Variable Model for Scene-Consistent Motion Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12036.pdf)
>  In order to plan a safe maneuver an autonomous vehicle must accurately perceive its environment, and understand the interactions among traffic participants. In this paper, we aim to learn scene-consistent motion forecasts of complex urban traffic directly from sensor data. In particular, we propose to characterize the joint distribution over future trajectories via an implicit latent variable model. We model the scene as an interaction graph and employ powerful graph neural networks to learn a distributed latent representation of the scene. Coupled with a deterministic decoder, we obtain trajectory samples that are consistent across traffic participants, achieving state-of-the-art results in motion forecasting and interaction understanding. Last but not least, we demonstrate that our motion forecasts result in safer and more comfortable motion planning.      
### 16.AttentionNAS: Spatiotemporal Attention Cell Search for Video Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12034.pdf)
>  Convolutional operations have two limitations: (1) do not explicitly model where to focus as the same filter is applied to all the positions, and (2) are unsuitable for modeling long-range dependencies as they only operate on a small neighborhood. While both limitations can be alleviated by attention operations, many design choices remain to be determined to use attention, especially when applying attention to videos. Towards a principled way of applying attention to videos, we address the task of spatiotemporal attention cell search. We propose a novel search space for spatiotemporal attention cells, which allows the search algorithm to flexibly explore various design choices in the cell. The discovered attention cells can be seamlessly inserted into existing backbone networks, e.g., I3D or S3D, and improve video classification accuracy by more than 2% on both Kinetics-600 and MiT datasets. The discovered attention cells outperform non-local blocks on both datasets, and demonstrate strong generalization across different modalities, backbones, and datasets. Inserting our attention cells into I3D-R50 yields state-of-the-art performance on both datasets.      
### 17.Multi-Metric Evaluation of Thermal-to-Visual Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11987.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim to address the problem of heterogeneous or cross-spectral face recognition using machine learning to synthesize visual spectrum face from infrared images. The synthesis of visual-band face images allows for more optimal extraction of facial features to be used for face identification and/or verification. We explore the ability to use Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) for face image synthesis, and examine the performance of these images using pre-trained Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). The features extracted using CNNs are applied in face identification and verification. We explore the performance in terms of acceptance rate when using various similarity measures for face verification.      
### 18.Dog Identification using Soft Biometrics and Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11986.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of biometric identification of animals, specifically dogs. We apply advanced machine learning models such as deep neural network on the photographs of pets in order to determine the pet identity. In this paper, we explore the possibility of using different types of "soft" biometrics, such as breed, height, or gender, in fusion with "hard" biometrics such as photographs of the pet's face. We apply the principle of transfer learning on different Convolutional Neural Networks, in order to create a network designed specifically for breed classification. The proposed network is able to achieve an accuracy of 90.80% and 91.29% when differentiating between the two dog breeds, for two different datasets. Without the use of "soft" biometrics, the identification rate of dogs is 78.09% but by using a decision network to incorporate "soft" biometrics, the identification rate can achieve an accuracy of 84.94%.      
### 19.Unsupervised Deep Representation Learning for Real-Time Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11984.pdf)
>  The advancement of visual tracking has continuously been brought by deep learning models. Typically, supervised learning is employed to train these models with expensive labeled data. In order to reduce the workload of manual annotations and learn to track arbitrary objects, we propose an unsupervised learning method for visual tracking. The motivation of our unsupervised learning is that a robust tracker should be effective in bidirectional tracking. Specifically, the tracker is able to forward localize a target object in successive frames and backtrace to its initial position in the first frame. Based on such a motivation, in the training process, we measure the consistency between forward and backward trajectories to learn a robust tracker from scratch merely using unlabeled videos. We build our framework on a Siamese correlation filter network, and propose a multi-frame validation scheme and a cost-sensitive loss to facilitate unsupervised learning. Without bells and whistles, the proposed unsupervised tracker achieves the baseline accuracy as classic fully supervised trackers while achieving a real-time speed. Furthermore, our unsupervised framework exhibits a potential in leveraging more unlabeled or weakly labeled data to further improve the tracking accuracy.      
### 20.CNN+RNN Depth and Skeleton based Dynamic Hand Gesture Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11983.pdf)
>  Human activity and gesture recognition is an important component of rapidly growing domain of ambient intelligence, in particular in assisting living and smart homes. In this paper, we propose to combine the power of two deep learning techniques, the convolutional neural networks (CNN) and the recurrent neural networks (RNN), for automated hand gesture recognition using both depth and skeleton data. Each of these types of data can be used separately to train neural networks to recognize hand gestures. While RNN were reported previously to perform well in recognition of sequences of movement for each skeleton joint given the skeleton information only, this study aims at utilizing depth data and apply CNN to extract important spatial information from the depth images. Together, the tandem CNN+RNN is capable of recognizing a sequence of gestures more accurately. As well, various types of fusion are studied to combine both the skeleton and depth information in order to extract temporal-spatial information. An overall accuracy of 85.46% is achieved on the dynamic hand gesture-14/28 dataset.      
### 21.The Devil is in Classification: A Simple Framework for Long-tail Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11978.pdf)
>  Most existing object instance detection and segmentation models only work well on fairly balanced benchmarks where per-category training sample numbers are comparable, such as COCO. They tend to suffer performance drop on realistic datasets that are usually long-tailed. This work aims to study and address such open challenges. Specifically, we systematically investigate performance drop of the state-of-the-art two-stage instance segmentation model Mask R-CNN on the recent long-tail LVIS dataset, and unveil that a major cause is the inaccurate classification of object proposals. Based on such an observation, we first consider various techniques for improving long-tail classification performance which indeed enhance instance segmentation results. We then propose a simple calibration framework to more effectively alleviate classification head bias with a bi-level class balanced sampling approach. Without bells and whistles, it significantly boosts the performance of instance segmentation for tail classes on the recent LVIS dataset and our sampled COCO-LT dataset. Our analysis provides useful insights for solving long-tail instance detection and segmentation problems, and the straightforward \emph{SimCal} method can serve as a simple but strong baseline. With the method we have won the 2019 LVIS challenge. Codes and models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/twangnh/SimCal" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 22.CAD-Deform: Deformable Fitting of CAD Models to 3D Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11965.pdf)
>  Shape retrieval and alignment are a promising avenue towards turning 3D scans into lightweight CAD representations that can be used for content creation such as mobile or AR/VR gaming scenarios. Unfortunately, CAD model retrieval is limited by the availability of models in standard 3D shape collections (e.g., ShapeNet). In this work, we address this shortcoming by introducing CAD-Deform, a method which obtains more accurate CAD-to-scan fits by non-rigidly deforming retrieved CAD models. Our key contribution is a new non-rigid deformation model incorporating smooth transformations and preservation of sharp features, that simultaneously achieves very tight fits from CAD models to the 3D scan and maintains the clean, high-quality surface properties of hand-modeled CAD objects. A series of thorough experiments demonstrate that our method achieves significantly tighter scan-to-CAD fits, allowing a more accurate digital replica of the scanned real-world environment while preserving important geometric features present in synthetic CAD environments.      
### 23.A Solution to Product detection in Densely Packed Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11946.pdf)
>  This work is a solution to densely packed scenes dataset SKU-110k. Our work is modified from cascade R-CNN. To solve the problem, we proposed a random crop strategy to ensure both the sampling rate and input scale is relatively sufficient as a contrast to the regular random crop. And we adopted some of trick and optimized the hyper-parameters. To grasp the essential feature of the densely packed scenes, we analysis the stages of a detector and investigate the bottleneck which limits the performance. As a result, our method obtains 58.7 mAP on test set of SKU-110k.      
### 24.Right for the Right Reason: Making Image Classification Robust  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11924.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved astonishing performance on various image classification tasks. Although such models classify most images correctly, they do not provide any explanation for their decisions. Recently, there have been attempts to provide such an explanation by determining which parts of the input image the classifier focuses on most. It turns out that many models output the correct classification, but for the wrong reason (e.g., based on irrelevant parts of the image). In this paper, we propose a new score for automatically quantifying to which degree the model focuses on the right image parts. The score is calculated by considering the degree to which the most decisive image regions - given by applying an explainer to the CNN model - overlap with the silhouette of the object to be classified. In extensive experiments using VGG16, ResNet, and MobileNet as CNNs, Occlusion, LIME, and Grad-Cam/Grad-Cam++ as explanation methods, and Dogs vs. Cats and Caltech 101 as data sets, we can show that our metric can indeed be used for making CNN models for image classification more robust while keeping their accuracy.      
### 25.Weakly Supervised 3D Object Detection from Lidar Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11901.pdf)
>  It is laborious to manually label point cloud data for training high-quality 3D object detectors. This work proposes a weakly supervised approach for 3D object detection, only requiring a small set of weakly annotated scenes, associated with a few precisely labeled object instances. This is achieved by a two-stage architecture design. Stage-1 learns to generate cylindrical object proposals under weak supervision, i.e., only the horizontal centers of objects are click-annotated on bird's view scenes. Stage-2 learns to refine the cylindrical proposals to get cuboids and confidence scores, using a few well-labeled object instances. Using only 500 weakly annotated scenes and 534 precisely labeled vehicle instances, our method achieves 85-95% the performance of current top-leading, fully supervised detectors (which require 3, 712 exhaustively and precisely annotated scenes with 15, 654 instances). More importantly, with our elaborately designed network architecture, our trained model can be applied as a 3D object annotator, allowing both automatic and active working modes. The annotations generated by our model can be used to train 3D object detectors with over 94% of their original performance (under manually labeled data). Our experiments also show our model's potential in boosting performance given more training data. Above designs make our approach highly practical and introduce new opportunities for learning 3D object detection with reduced annotation burden.      
### 26.Harnessing spatial homogeneity of neuroimaging data: patch individual filter layers for CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11899.pdf)
>  Neuroimaging data, e.g. obtained from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), is comparably homogeneous due to (1) the uniform structure of the brain and (2) additional efforts to spatially normalize the data to a standard template using linear and non-linear transformations. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs), in contrast, have been specifically designed for highly heterogeneous data, such as natural images, by sliding convolutional filters over different positions in an image. Here, we suggest a new CNN architecture that combines the idea of hierarchical abstraction in neural networks with a prior on the spatial homogeneity of neuroimaging data: Whereas early layers are trained globally using standard convolutional layers, we introduce for higher, more abstract layers patch individual filters (PIF). By learning filters in individual image regions (patches) without sharing weights, PIF layers can learn abstract features faster and with fewer samples. We thoroughly evaluated PIF layers for three different tasks and data sets, namely sex classification on UK Biobank data, Alzheimer's disease detection on ADNI data and multiple sclerosis detection on private hospital data. We demonstrate that CNNs using PIF layers result in higher accuracies, especially in low sample size settings, and need fewer training epochs for convergence. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study which introduces a prior on brain MRI for CNN learning.      
### 27.SBAT: Video Captioning with Sparse Boundary-Aware Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11888.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the problem of applying the transformer structure to video captioning effectively. The vanilla transformer is proposed for uni-modal language generation task such as machine translation. However, video captioning is a multimodal learning problem, and the video features have much redundancy between different time steps. Based on these concerns, we propose a novel method called sparse boundary-aware transformer (SBAT) to reduce the redundancy in video representation. SBAT employs boundary-aware pooling operation for scores from multihead attention and selects diverse features from different scenarios. Also, SBAT includes a local correlation scheme to compensate for the local information loss brought by sparse operation. Based on SBAT, we further propose an aligned cross-modal encoding scheme to boost the multimodal interaction. Experimental results on two benchmark datasets show that SBAT outperforms the state-of-the-art methods under most of the metrics.      
### 28.Real-time CNN-based Segmentation Architecture for Ball Detection in a Single View Setup  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11876.pdf)
>  This paper considers the task of detecting the ball from a single viewpoint in the challenging but common case where the ball interacts frequently with players while being poorly contrasted with respect to the background. We propose a novel approach by formulating the problem as a segmentation task solved by an efficient CNN architecture. To take advantage of the ball dynamics, the network is fed with a pair of consecutive images. Our inference model can run in real time without the delay induced by a temporal analysis. We also show that test-time data augmentation allows for a significant increase the detection accuracy. As an additional contribution, we publicly release the dataset on which this work is based.      
### 29.ReLaB: Reliable Label Bootstrapping for Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11866.pdf)
>  Reducing the amount of labels required to trainconvolutional neural networks without performance degradationis key to effectively reduce human annotation effort. We pro-pose Reliable Label Bootstrapping (ReLaB), an unsupervisedpreprossessing algorithm that paves the way for semi-supervisedlearning solutions, enabling them to work with much lowersupervision. Given a dataset with few labeled samples, we firstexploit a self-supervised learning algorithm to learn unsupervisedlatent features and then apply a label propagation algorithm onthese features and select only correctly labeled samples using alabel noise detection algorithm. This enables ReLaB to createa reliable extended labeled set from the initially few labeledsamples that can then be used for semi-supervised learning.We show that the selection of the network architecture andthe self-supervised method are important to achieve successfullabel propagation and demonstrate that ReLaB substantiallyimproves semi-supervised learning in scenarios of very lim-ited supervision in CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and mini-ImageNet. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PaulAlbert31/ReLaB" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Differentiable Hierarchical Graph Grouping for Multi-Person Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11864.pdf)
>  Multi-person pose estimation is challenging because it localizes body keypoints for multiple persons simultaneously. Previous methods can be divided into two streams, i.e. top-down and bottom-up methods. The top-down methods localize keypoints after human detection, while the bottom-up methods localize keypoints directly and then cluster/group them for different persons, which are generally more efficient than top-down methods. However, in existing bottom-up methods, the keypoint grouping is usually solved independently from keypoint detection, making them not end-to-end trainable and have sub-optimal performance. In this paper, we investigate a new perspective of human part grouping and reformulate it as a graph clustering task. Especially, we propose a novel differentiable Hierarchical Graph Grouping (HGG) method to learn the graph grouping in bottom-up multi-person pose estimation task. Moreover, HGG is easily embedded into main-stream bottom-up methods. It takes human keypoint candidates as graph nodes and clusters keypoints in a multi-layer graph neural network model. The modules of HGG can be trained end-to-end with the keypoint detection network and is able to supervise the grouping process in a hierarchical manner. To improve the discrimination of the clustering, we add a set of edge discriminators and macro-node discriminators. Extensive experiments on both COCO and OCHuman datasets demonstrate that the proposed method improves the performance of bottom-up pose estimation methods.      
### 31.Whole-Body Human Pose Estimation in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11858.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the task of 2D human whole-body pose estimation, which aims to localize dense landmarks on the entire human body including face, hands, body, and feet. As existing datasets do not have whole-body annotations, previous methods have to assemble different deep models trained independently on different datasets of the human face, hand, and body, struggling with dataset biases and large model complexity. To fill in this blank, we introduce COCO-WholeBody which extends COCO dataset with whole-body annotations. To our best knowledge, it is the first benchmark that has manual annotations on the entire human body, including 133 dense landmarks with 68 on the face, 42 on hands and 23 on the body and feet. A single-network model, named ZoomNet, is devised to take into account the hierarchical structure of the full human body to solve the scale variation of different body parts of the same person. ZoomNet is able to significantly outperform existing methods on the proposed COCO-WholeBody dataset. Extensive experiments show that COCO-WholeBody not only can be used to train deep models from scratch for whole-body pose estimation but also can serve as a powerful pre-training dataset for many different tasks such as facial landmark detection and hand keypoint estimation. The dataset is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jin-s13/COCO-WholeBody" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Neural Geometric Parser for Single Image Camera Calibration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11855.pdf)
>  We propose a neural geometric parser learning single image camera calibration for man-made scenes. Unlike previous neural approaches that rely only on semantic cues obtained from neural networks, our approach considers both semantic and geometric cues, resulting in significant accuracy improvement. The proposed framework consists of two networks. Using line segments of an image as geometric cues, the first network estimates the zenith vanishing point and generates several candidates consisting of the camera rotation and focal length. The second network evaluates each candidate based on the given image and the geometric cues, where prior knowledge of man-made scenes is used for the evaluation. With the supervision of datasets consisting of the horizontal line and focal length of the images, our networks can be trained to estimate the same camera parameters. Based on the Manhattan world assumption, we can further estimate the camera rotation and focal length in a weakly supervised manner. The experimental results reveal that the performance of our neural approach is significantly higher than that of existing state-of-the-art camera calibration techniques for single images of indoor and outdoor scenes.      
### 33.Funnel Activation for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11824.pdf)
>  We present a conceptually simple but effective funnel activation for image recognition tasks, called Funnel activation (FReLU), that extends ReLU and PReLU to a 2D activation by adding a negligible overhead of spatial condition. The forms of ReLU and PReLU are y = max(x, 0) and y = max(x, px), respectively, while FReLU is in the form of y = max(x,T(x)), where T(x) is the 2D spatial condition. Moreover, the spatial condition achieves a pixel-wise modeling capacity in a simple way, capturing complicated visual layouts with regular convolutions. We conduct experiments on ImageNet, COCO detection, and semantic segmentation tasks, showing great improvements and robustness of FReLU in the visual recognition tasks.      
### 34.WeightNet: Revisiting the Design Space of Weight Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11823.pdf)
>  We present a conceptually simple, flexible and effective framework for weight generating networks. Our approach is general that unifies two current distinct and extremely effective SENet and CondConv into the same framework on weight space. The method, called WeightNet, generalizes the two methods by simply adding one more grouped fully-connected layer to the attention activation layer. We use the WeightNet, composed entirely of (grouped) fully-connected layers, to directly output the convolutional weight. WeightNet is easy and memory-conserving to train, on the kernel space instead of the feature space. Because of the flexibility, our method outperforms existing approaches on both ImageNet and COCO detection tasks, achieving better Accuracy-FLOPs and Accuracy-Parameter trade-offs. The framework on the flexible weight space has the potential to further improve the performance. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/megvii-model/WeightNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.Zero-Shot Recognition through Image-Guided Semantic Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11814.pdf)
>  We present a new embedding-based framework for zero-shot learning (ZSL). Most embedding-based methods aim to learn the correspondence between an image classifier (visual representation) and its class prototype (semantic representation) for each class. Motivated by the binary relevance method for multi-label classification, we propose to inversely learn the mapping between an image and a semantic classifier. Given an input image, the proposed Image-Guided Semantic Classification (IGSC) method creates a label classifier, being applied to all label embeddings to determine whether a label belongs to the input image. Therefore, semantic classifiers are image-adaptive and are generated during inference. IGSC is conceptually simple and can be realized by a slight enhancement of an existing deep architecture for classification; yet it is effective and outperforms state-of-the-art embedding-based generalized ZSL approaches on standard benchmarks.      
### 36.Autonomous Removal of Perspective Distortion based on Detection Results of Robotic Elevator Button Corner  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11806.pdf)
>  Elevator button recognition is an important function to realize the autonomous operation of elevators. However, challenging image conditions and various image distortions make it difficult to accurately recognize buttons. In this work, We propose a novel algorithm that can automatically correct perspective distortions of elevator panel images based on button corner detection results. The algorithm first leverages DeepLabv3+ model and Hough Transform method to obtain button segmentation results and button corner detection results, then utilizes pixel coordinates of standard button corners as reference features to estimate camera motions for correcting perspective distortions. The algorithm is much more robust to outliers and noise on the removal of perspective distortion than traditional geometric approaches as it only performs on a single image autonomously. 15 elevator panel images are captured from different angles of view as the dataset. The experimental results show that our approach significantly outperforms traditional geometric techniques in accuracy and robustness. Rectification results of the proposed algorithm is 77.4% better than the results of traditional geometric algorithm in average.      
### 37.MuCAN: Multi-Correspondence Aggregation Network for Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11803.pdf)
>  Video super-resolution (VSR) aims to utilize multiple low-resolution frames to generate a high-resolution prediction for each frame. In this process, inter- and intra-frames are the key sources for exploiting temporal and spatial information. However, there are a couple of limitations for existing VSR methods. First, optical flow is often used to establish temporal correspondence. But flow estimation itself is error-prone and affects recovery results. Second, similar patterns existing in natural images are rarely exploited for the VSR task. Motivated by these findings, we propose a temporal multi-correspondence aggregation strategy to leverage similar patches across frames, and a cross-scale nonlocal-correspondence aggregation scheme to explore self-similarity of images across scales. Based on these two new modules, we build an effective multi-correspondence aggregation network (MuCAN) for VSR. Our method achieves state-of-the-art results on multiple benchmark datasets. Extensive experiments justify the effectiveness of our method.      
### 38.End-to-end Learning of Compressible Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11797.pdf)
>  Pre-trained convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are powerful off-the-shelf feature generators and have been shown to perform very well on a variety of tasks. Unfortunately, the generated features are high dimensional and expensive to store: potentially hundreds of thousands of floats per example when processing videos. Traditional entropy based lossless compression methods are of little help as they do not yield desired level of compression, while general purpose lossy compression methods based on energy compaction (e.g. PCA followed by quantization and entropy coding) are sub-optimal, as they are not tuned to task specific objective. We propose a learned method that jointly optimizes for compressibility along with the task objective for learning the features. The plug-in nature of our method makes it straight-forward to integrate with any target objective and trade-off against compressibility. We present results on multiple benchmarks and demonstrate that our method produces features that are an order of magnitude more compressible, while having a regularization effect that leads to a consistent improvement in accuracy.      
### 39.Accurate RGB-D Salient Object Detection via Collaborative Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11782.pdf)
>  Benefiting from the spatial cues embedded in depth images, recent progress on RGB-D saliency detection shows impressive ability on some challenge scenarios. However, there are still two limitations. One hand is that the pooling and upsampling operations in FCNs might cause blur object boundaries. On the other hand, using an additional depth-network to extract depth features might lead to high computation and storage cost. The reliance on depth inputs during testing also limits the practical applications of current RGB-D models. In this paper, we propose a novel collaborative learning framework where edge, depth and saliency are leveraged in a more efficient way, which solves those problems tactfully. The explicitly extracted edge information goes together with saliency to give more emphasis to the salient regions and object boundaries. Depth and saliency learning is innovatively integrated into the high-level feature learning process in a mutual-benefit manner. This strategy enables the network to be free of using extra depth networks and depth inputs to make inference. To this end, it makes our model more lightweight, faster and more versatile. Experiment results on seven benchmark datasets show its superior performance.      
### 40.Illumination invariant hyperspectral image unmixing based on a digital surface model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11770.pdf)
>  Although many spectral unmixing models have been developed to address spectral variability caused by variable incident illuminations, the mechanism of the spectral variability is still unclear. This paper proposes an unmixing model, named illumination invariant spectral unmixing (IISU). IISU makes the first attempt to use the radiance hyperspectral data and a LiDAR-derived digital surface model (DSM) in order to physically explain variable illuminations and shadows in the unmixing framework. Incident angles, sky factors, visibility from the sun derived from the LiDAR-derived DSM support the explicit explanation of endmember variability in the unmixing process from radiance perspective. The proposed model was efficiently solved by a straightforward optimization procedure. The unmixing results showed that the other state-of-the-art unmixing models did not work well especially in the shaded pixels. On the other hand, the proposed model estimated more accurate abundances and shadow compensated reflectance than the existing models.      
### 41.All at Once: Temporally Adaptive Multi-Frame Interpolation with Advanced Motion Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11762.pdf)
>  Recent advances in high refresh rate displays as well as the increased interest in high rate of slow motion and frame up-conversion fuel the demand for efficient and cost-effective multi-frame video interpolation solutions. To that regard, inserting multiple frames between consecutive video frames are of paramount importance for the consumer electronics industry. State-of-the-art methods are iterative solutions interpolating one frame at the time. They introduce temporal inconsistencies and clearly noticeable visual artifacts. <br>Departing from the state-of-the-art, this work introduces a true multi-frame interpolator. It utilizes a pyramidal style network in the temporal domain to complete the multi-frame interpolation task in one-shot. A novel flow estimation procedure using a relaxed loss function, and an advanced, cubic-based, motion model is also used to further boost interpolation accuracy when complex motion segments are encountered. Results on the Adobe240 dataset show that the proposed method generates visually pleasing, temporally consistent frames, outperforms the current best off-the-shelf method by 1.57db in PSNR with 8 times smaller model and 7.7 times faster. The proposed method can be easily extended to interpolate a large number of new frames while remaining efficient because of the one-shot mechanism.      
### 42.History Repeats Itself: Human Motion Prediction via Motion Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11755.pdf)
>  Human motion prediction aims to forecast future human poses given a past motion. Whether based on recurrent or feed-forward neural networks, existing methods fail to model the observation that human motion tends to repeat itself, even for complex sports actions and cooking activities. Here, we introduce an attention-based feed-forward network that explicitly leverages this observation. In particular, instead of modeling frame-wise attention via pose similarity, we propose to extract motion attention to capture the similarity between the current motion context and the historical motion sub-sequences. Aggregating the relevant past motions and processing the result with a graph convolutional network allows us to effectively exploit motion patterns from the long-term history to predict the future poses. Our experiments on Human3.6M, AMASS and 3DPW evidence the benefits of our approach for both periodical and non-periodical actions. Thanks to our attention model, it yields state-of-the-art results on all three datasets. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wei-mao-2019/HisRepItself" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.End-to-End Optimization of Scene Layout  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11744.pdf)
>  We propose an end-to-end variational generative model for scene layout synthesis conditioned on scene graphs. Unlike unconditional scene layout generation, we use scene graphs as an abstract but general representation to guide the synthesis of diverse scene layouts that satisfy relationships included in the scene graph. This gives rise to more flexible control over the synthesis process, allowing various forms of inputs such as scene layouts extracted from sentences or inferred from a single color image. Using our conditional layout synthesizer, we can generate various layouts that share the same structure of the input example. In addition to this conditional generation design, we also integrate a differentiable rendering module that enables layout refinement using only 2D projections of the scene. Given a depth and a semantics map, the differentiable rendering module enables optimizing over the synthesized layout to fit the given input in an analysis-by-synthesis fashion. Experiments suggest that our model achieves higher accuracy and diversity in conditional scene synthesis and allows exemplar-based scene generation from various input forms.      
### 44.Comprehensive Image Captioning via Scene Graph Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11731.pdf)
>  We address the challenging problem of image captioning by revisiting the representation of image scene graph. At the core of our method lies the decomposition of a scene graph into a set of sub-graphs, with each sub-graph capturing a semantic component of the input image. We design a deep model to select important sub-graphs, and to decode each selected sub-graph into a single target sentence. By using sub-graphs, our model is able to attend to different components of the image. Our method thus accounts for accurate, diverse, grounded and controllable captioning at the same time. We present extensive experiments to demonstrate the benefits of our comprehensive captioning model. Our method establishes new state-of-the-art results in caption diversity, grounding, and controllability, and compares favourably to latest methods in caption quality. Our project website can be found at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~yiwuzhong/Sub-GC.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 45.Threat of Adversarial Attacks on Face Recognition: A Comprehensive Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11709.pdf)
>  Face recognition (FR) systems have demonstrated outstanding verification performance, suggesting suitability for real-world applications, ranging from photo tagging in social media to automated border control (ABC). In an advanced FR system with deep learning-based architecture, however, promoting the recognition efficiency alone is not sufficient and the system should also withstand potential kinds of attacks designed to target its proficiency. Recent studies show that (deep) FR systems exhibit an intriguing vulnerability to imperceptible or perceptible but natural-looking adversarial input images that drive the model to incorrect output predictions. In this article, we present a comprehensive survey on adversarial attacks against FR systems and elaborate on the competence of new countermeasures against them. Further, we propose a taxonomy of existing attack and defense strategies according to different criteria. Finally, we compare the presented approaches according to techniques' characteristics.      
### 46.End-to-End Trainable Deep Active Contour Models for Automated Image Segmentation: Delineating Buildings in Aerial Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11691.pdf)
>  The automated segmentation of buildings in remote sensing imagery is a challenging task that requires the accurate delineation of multiple building instances over typically large image areas. Manual methods are often laborious and current deep-learning-based approaches fail to delineate all building instances and do so with adequate accuracy. As a solution, we present Trainable Deep Active Contours (TDACs), an automatic image segmentation framework that intimately unites Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Active Contour Models (ACMs). The Eulerian energy functional of the ACM component includes per-pixel parameter maps that are predicted by the backbone CNN, which also initializes the ACM. Importantly, both the ACM and CNN components are fully implemented in TensorFlow and the entire TDAC architecture is end-to-end automatically differentiable and backpropagation trainable without user intervention. TDAC yields fast, accurate, and fully automatic simultaneous delineation of arbitrarily many buildings in the image. We validate the model on two publicly available aerial image datasets for building segmentation, and our results demonstrate that TDAC establishes a new state-of-the-art performance.      
### 47.Integrating Image Captioning with Rule-based Entity Masking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11690.pdf)
>  Given an image, generating its natural language description (i.e., caption) is a well studied problem. Approaches proposed to address this problem usually rely on image features that are difficult to interpret. Particularly, these image features are subdivided into global and local features, where global features are extracted from the global representation of the image, while local features are extracted from the objects detected locally in an image. Although, local features extract rich visual information from the image, existing models generate captions in a blackbox manner and humans have difficulty interpreting which local objects the caption is aimed to represent. Hence in this paper, we propose a novel framework for the image captioning with an explicit object (e.g., knowledge graph entity) selection process while still maintaining its end-to-end training ability. The model first explicitly selects which local entities to include in the caption according to a human-interpretable mask, then generate proper captions by attending to selected entities. Experiments conducted on the MSCOCO dataset demonstrate that our method achieves good performance in terms of the caption quality and diversity with a more interpretable generating process than previous counterparts.      
### 48.Cloud Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11679.pdf)
>  We present a new versatile building block for deep point cloud processing architectures. This building block combines the ideas of self-attention layers from the transformer architecture with the efficiency of standard convolutional layers in two and three-dimensional dense grids. The new block operates via multiple parallel heads, whereas each head projects feature representations of individual points into a low-dimensional space, treats the first two or three dimensions as spatial coordinates and then uses dense convolution to propagate information across points. The results of the processing of individual heads are then combined together resulting in the update of point features. Using the new block, we build architectures for point cloud segmentation as well as for image-based point cloud reconstruction. We show that despite the dissimilarity between these tasks, the resulting architectures achieve state-of-the-art performance for both of them demonstrating the versatility of the new block.      
### 49.Contact and Human Dynamics from Monocular Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11678.pdf)
>  Existing deep models predict 2D and 3D kinematic poses from video that are approximately accurate, but contain visible errors that violate physical constraints, such as feet penetrating the ground and bodies leaning at extreme angles. In this paper, we present a physics-based method for inferring 3D human motion from video sequences that takes initial 2D and 3D pose estimates as input. We first estimate ground contact timings with a novel prediction network which is trained without hand-labeled data. A physics-based trajectory optimization then solves for a physically-plausible motion, based on the inputs. We show this process produces motions that are significantly more realistic than those from purely kinematic methods, substantially improving quantitative measures of both kinematic and dynamic plausibility. We demonstrate our method on character animation and pose estimation tasks on dynamic motions of dancing and sports with complex contact patterns.      
### 50.Attention based Multiple Instance Learning for Classification of Blood Cell Disorders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11641.pdf)
>  Red blood cells are highly deformable and present in various shapes. In blood cell disorders, only a subset of all cells is morphologically altered and relevant for the diagnosis. However, manually labeling of all cells is laborious, complicated and introduces inter-expert variability. We propose an attention based multiple instance learning method to classify blood samples of patients suffering from blood cell disorders. Cells are detected using an R-CNN architecture. With the features extracted for each cell, a multiple instance learning method classifies patient samples into one out of four blood cell disorders. The attention mechanism provides a measure of the contribution of each cell to the overall classification and significantly improves the network's classification accuracy as well as its interpretability for the medical expert.      
### 51.Tiny Transfer Learning: Towards Memory-Efficient On-Device Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11622.pdf)
>  We present Tiny-Transfer-Learning (TinyTL), an efficient on-device learning method to adapt pre-trained models to newly collected data on edge devices. Different from conventional transfer learning methods that fine-tune the full network or the last layer, TinyTL freezes the weights of the feature extractor while only learning the biases, thus doesn't require storing the intermediate activations, which is the major memory bottleneck for on-device learning. To maintain the adaptation capacity without updating the weights, TinyTL introduces memory-efficient lite residual modules to refine the feature extractor by learning small residual feature maps in the middle. Besides, instead of using the same feature extractor, TinyTL adapts the architecture of the feature extractor to fit different target datasets while fixing the weights: TinyTL pre-trains a large super-net that contains many weight-shared sub-nets that can individually operate; different target dataset selects the sub-net that best match the dataset. This backpropagation-free discrete sub-net selection incurs no memory overhead. Extensive experiments show that TinyTL can reduce the training memory cost by order of magnitude (up to 13.3x) without sacrificing accuracy compared to fine-tuning the full network.      
### 52.SIZER: A Dataset and Model for Parsing 3D Clothing and Learning Size Sensitive 3D Clothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11610.pdf)
>  While models of 3D clothing learned from real data exist, no method can predict clothing deformation as a function of garment size. In this paper, we introduce SizerNet to predict 3D clothing conditioned on human body shape and garment size parameters, and ParserNet to infer garment meshes and shape under clothing with personal details in a single pass from an input mesh. SizerNet allows to estimate and visualize the dressing effect of a garment in various sizes, and ParserNet allows to edit clothing of an input mesh directly, removing the need for scan segmentation, which is a challenging problem in itself. To learn these models, we introduce the SIZER dataset of clothing size variation which includes $100$ different subjects wearing casual clothing items in various sizes, totaling to approximately 2000 scans. This dataset includes the scans, registrations to the SMPL model, scans segmented in clothing parts, garment category and size labels. Our experiments show better parsing accuracy and size prediction than baseline methods trained on SIZER. The code, model and dataset will be released for research purposes.      
### 53.Bridging the Imitation Gap by Adaptive Insubordination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12173.pdf)
>  Why do agents often obtain better reinforcement learning policies when imitating a worse expert? We show that privileged information used by the expert is marginalized in the learned agent policy, resulting in an "imitation gap." Prior work bridges this gap via a progression from imitation learning to reinforcement learning. While often successful, gradual progression fails for tasks that require frequent switches between exploration and memorization skills. To better address these tasks and alleviate the imitation gap we propose 'Adaptive Insubordination' (ADVISOR), which dynamically reweights imitation and reward-based reinforcement learning losses during training, enabling switching between imitation and exploration. On a suite of challenging tasks, we show that ADVISOR outperforms pure imitation, pure reinforcement learning, as well as sequential combinations of these approaches.      
### 54.Enhanced Transfer Learning for Autonomous Driving with Systematic Accident Simulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12148.pdf)
>  Simulation data can be utilized to extend real-world driving data in order to cover edge cases, such as vehicle accidents. The importance of handling edge cases can be observed in the high societal costs in handling car accidents, as well as potential dangers to human drivers. In order to cover a wide and diverse range of all edge cases, we systemically parameterize and simulate the most common accident scenarios. By applying this data to autonomous driving models, we show that transfer learning on simulated data sets provide better generalization and collision avoidance, as compared to random initialization methods. Our results illustrate that information from a model trained on simulated data can be inferred to a model trained on real-world data, indicating the potential influence of simulation data in real world models and advancements in handling of anomalous driving scenarios.      
### 55.PIPAL: a Large-Scale Image Quality Assessment Dataset for Perceptual Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12142.pdf)
>  Image quality assessment (IQA) is the key factor for the fast development of image restoration (IR) algorithms. The most recent IR methods based on Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have achieved significant improvement in visual performance, but also presented great challenges for quantitative evaluation. Notably, we observe an increasing inconsistency between perceptual quality and the evaluation results. Then we raise two questions: (1) Can existing IQA methods objectively evaluate recent IR algorithms? (2) When focus on beating current benchmarks, are we getting better IR algorithms? To answer these questions and promote the development of IQA methods, we contribute a large-scale IQA dataset, called Perceptual Image Processing Algorithms (PIPAL) dataset. Especially, this dataset includes the results of GAN-based methods, which are missing in previous datasets. We collect more than 1.13 million human judgments to assign subjective scores for PIPAL images using the more reliable "Elo system". Based on PIPAL, we present new benchmarks for both IQA and super-resolution methods. Our results indicate that existing IQA methods cannot fairly evaluate GAN-based IR algorithms. While using appropriate evaluation methods is important, IQA methods should also be updated along with the development of IR algorithms. At last, we improve the performance of IQA networks on GAN-based distortions by introducing anti-aliasing pooling. Experiments show the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 56.A Computation-Efficient CNN System for High-Quality Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.12066.pdf)
>  In this paper, a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) system is proposed for brain tumor segmentation. The system consists of three parts, a pre-processing block to reduce the data volume, an application-specific CNN(ASCNN) to segment tumor areas precisely, and a refinement block to detect/remove false positive pixels. The CNN, designed specifically for the task, has 7 convolution layers, 16 channels per layer, requiring only 11716 parameters. The convolutions combined with max-pooling in the first half of the CNN are performed to localize tumor areas. Two convolution modes, namely depthwise convolution and standard convolution, are performed in parallel in the first 2 layers to extract elementary features efficiently. For a fine classification of pixel-wise precision in the second half of the CNN, the feature maps are modulated by adding the weighted local features generated in the first half of the CNN. The performance of the proposed system has been evaluated by an online platform with dataset BRATS2018. Requiring a very low computation volume, the proposed system delivers a high segmentation quality indicated by its average Dice scores of 0.75, 0.88 and 0.76 for enhancing tumor, whole tumor and tumor core, respectively, and the median Dice scores of 0.85, 0.92, and 0.86. The consistency in system performance has also been measured, demonstrating that the system is able to reproduce almost the same output to the same input after retraining. The simple structure of the proposed system facilitates its implementation in computation restricted environment, and a wide range of applications can thus be expected.      
### 57.CVR-Net: A deep convolutional neural network for coronavirus recognition from chest radiography images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11993.pdf)
>  The novel Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a global pandemic disease spreading rapidly around the world. A robust and automatic early recognition of COVID-19, via auxiliary computer-aided diagnostic tools, is essential for disease cure and control. The chest radiography images, such as Computed Tomography (CT) and X-ray, and deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), can be a significant and useful material for designing such tools. However, designing such an automated tool is challenging as a massive number of manually annotated datasets are not publicly available yet, which is the core requirement of supervised learning systems. In this article, we propose a robust CNN-based network, called CVR-Net (Coronavirus Recognition Network), for the automatic recognition of the coronavirus from CT or X-ray images. The proposed end-to-end CVR-Net is a multi-scale-multi-encoder ensemble model, where we have aggregated the outputs from two different encoders and their different scales to obtain the final prediction probability. We train and test the proposed CVR-Net on three different datasets, where the images have collected from different open-source repositories. We compare our proposed CVR-Net with state-of-the-art methods, which are trained and tested on the same datasets. We split three datasets into five different tasks, where each task has a different number of classes, to evaluate the multi-tasking CVR-Net. Our model achieves an overall F1-score &amp; accuracy of 0.997 &amp; 0.998; 0.963 &amp; 0.964; 0.816 &amp; 0.820; 0.961 &amp; 0.961; and 0.780 &amp; 0.780, respectively, for task-1 to task-5. As the CVR-Net provides promising results on the small datasets, it can be an auspicious computer-aided diagnostic tool for the diagnosis of coronavirus to assist the clinical practitioners and radiologists. Our source codes and model are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kamruleee51/CVR-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 58.Comparative Analysis of Polynomial and Rational Approximations of Hyperbolic Tangent Function for VLSI Implementation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11976.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks yield the state-of-the-art results in many computer vision and human machine interface applications such as object detection, speech recognition etc. Since, these networks are computationally expensive, customized accelerators are designed for achieving the required performance at lower cost and power. One of the key building blocks of these neural networks is non-linear activation function such as sigmoid, hyperbolic tangent (tanh), and ReLU. A low complexity accurate hardware implementation of the activation function is required to meet the performance and area targets of the neural network accelerators. Even though, various methods and implementations of tanh activation function have been published, a comparative study is missing. This paper presents comparative analysis of polynomial and rational methods and their hardware implementation.      
### 59.Regularization of Building Boundaries in Satellite Images using Adversarial and Regularized Losses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11840.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a method for building boundary refinement and regularization in satellite images using a fully convolutional neural network trained with a combination of adversarial and regularized losses. Compared to a pure Mask R-CNN model, the overall algorithm can achieve equivalent performance in terms of accuracy and completeness. However, unlike Mask R-CNN that produces irregular footprints, our framework generates regularized and visually pleasing building boundaries which are beneficial in many applications.      
### 60.Deep Learning Based Segmentation of Various Brain Lesions for Radiosurgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11784.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation of medical images with deep learning models is rapidly developed. In this study, we benchmarked state-of-the-art deep learning segmentation algorithms on our clinical stereotactic radiosurgery dataset, demonstrating the strengths and weaknesses of these algorithms in a fairly practical scenario. In particular, we compared the model performances with respect to their sampling method, model architecture, and the choice of loss functions, identifying the suitable settings for their applications and shedding light on the possible improvements.      
### 61.Guided Deep Decoder: Unsupervised Image Pair Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11766.pdf)
>  The fusion of input and guidance images that have a tradeoff in their information (e.g., hyperspectral and RGB image fusion or pansharpening) can be interpreted as one general problem. However, previous studies applied a task-specific handcrafted prior and did not address the problems with a unified approach. To address this limitation, in this study, we propose a guided deep decoder network as a general prior. The proposed network is composed of an encoder-decoder network that exploits multi-scale features of a guidance image and a deep decoder network that generates an output image. The two networks are connected by feature refinement units to embed the multi-scale features of the guidance image into the deep decoder network. The proposed network allows the network parameters to be optimized in an unsupervised way without training data. Our results show that the proposed network can achieve state-of-the-art performance in various image fusion problems.      
### 62.PareCO: Pareto-aware Channel Optimization for Slimmable Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11752.pdf)
>  Slimmable neural networks provide a flexible trade-off front between prediction error and computational cost (such as the number of floating-point operations or FLOPs) with the same storage cost as a single model, have been proposed recently for resource-constrained settings such as mobile devices. However, current slimmable neural networks use a single width-multiplier for all the layers to arrive at sub-networks with different performance profiles, which neglects that different layers affect the network's prediction accuracy differently and have different FLOP requirements. Hence, developing a principled approach for deciding width-multipliers across different layers could potentially improve the performance of slimmable networks. To allow for heterogeneous width-multipliers across different layers, we formulate the problem of optimizing slimmable networks from a multi-objective optimization lens, which leads to a novel algorithm for optimizing both the shared weights and the width-multipliers for the sub-networks. We perform extensive empirical analysis with 14 network and dataset combinations and find that less over-parameterized networks benefit more from a joint channel and weight optimization than extremely over-parameterized networks. Quantitatively, improvements up to 1.7\% and 1\% in top-1 accuracy on the ImageNet dataset can be attained for MobileNetV2 and MobileNetV3, respectively. Our results highlight the potential of optimizing the channel counts for different layers jointly with the weights and demonstrate the power of such techniques for slimmable networks.      
### 63.A weakly supervised registration-based framework for prostate segmentation via the combination of statistical shape model and CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11726.pdf)
>  Precise determination of target is an essential procedure in prostate interventions, such as the prostate biopsy, lesion detection and targeted therapy. However, the prostate delineation may be tough in some cases due to tissue ambiguity or lack of partial anatomical boundary. To address this problem, we proposed a weakly supervised registration-based framework for the precise prostate segmentation, by combining convolutional neural network (CNN) with statistical shape model (SSM). To obtain the prostate region, an inception-based neural network (SSM-Net) was firstly exploited to predict the model transform, shape control parameters and a fine-tuning vector, for the generation of prostate boundary. According to the inferred boundary, a normalized distance map was calculated. Then, a residual U-net (ResU-Net) was employed to predict a probability label map from the input images. Finally, the average of the distance map and the probability map was regarded as the prostate segmentation. After that, two public dataset PROMISE12 and NCI- ISBI 2013 were utilized for the model computation and for the network training and testing. The validation results demonstrate that the segmentation framework using a SSM with 9500 nodes achieved the best performance, with a dice of 0.904 and an average surface distance of 1.88 mm. In addition, we verified the impact of model elasticity augmentation and fine-tuning item on the network segmentation capability. As a result, both factors have improved the delineation accuracy, with dice increased by 10% and 7% respectively. In conclusion, via the combination of two weakly supervised neural networks, our segmentation method might be an effective and robust approach for prostate segmentation.      
### 64.Multi-modality imaging with structure-promoting regularisers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11689.pdf)
>  Imaging with multiple modalities or multiple channels is becoming increasingly important for our modern society. A key tool for understanding and early diagnosis of cancer and dementia is PET-MR, a combined positron emission tomography and magnetic resonance imaging scanner which can simultaneously acquire functional and anatomical data. Similarly in remote sensing, while hyperspectral sensors may allow to characterise and distinguish materials, digital cameras offer high spatial resolution to delineate objects. In both of these examples, the imaging modalities can be considered individually or jointly. In this chapter we discuss mathematical approaches which allow to combine information from several imaging modalities so that multi-modality imaging can be more than just the sum of its components.      
### 65.Analogical Reasoning for Visually Grounded Language Acquisition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11668.pdf)
>  Children acquire language subconsciously by observing the surrounding world and listening to descriptions. They can discover the meaning of words even without explicit language knowledge, and generalize to novel compositions effortlessly. In this paper, we bring this ability to AI, by studying the task of Visually grounded Language Acquisition (VLA). We propose a multimodal transformer model augmented with a novel mechanism for analogical reasoning, which approximates novel compositions by learning semantic mapping and reasoning operations from previously seen compositions. Our proposed method, Analogical Reasoning Transformer Networks (ARTNet), is trained on raw multimedia data (video frames and transcripts), and after observing a set of compositions such as "washing apple" or "cutting carrot", it can generalize and recognize new compositions in new video frames, such as "washing carrot" or "cutting apple". To this end, ARTNet refers to relevant instances in the training data and uses their visual features and captions to establish analogies with the query image. Then it chooses the suitable verb and noun to create a new composition that describes the new image best. Extensive experiments on an instructional video dataset demonstrate that the proposed method achieves significantly better generalization capability and recognition accuracy compared to state-of-the-art transformer models.      
### 66.Darwin's Neural Network: AI-based Strategies for Rapid and Scalable Cell and Coronavirus Screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11653.pdf)
>  Recent advances in the interdisciplinary scientific field of machine perception, computer vision, and biomedical engineering underpin a collection of machine learning algorithms with a remarkable ability to decipher the contents of microscope and nanoscope images. Machine learning algorithms are transforming the interpretation and analysis of microscope and nanoscope imaging data through use in conjunction with biological imaging modalities. These advances are enabling researchers to carry out real-time experiments that were previously thought to be computationally impossible. Here we adapt the theory of survival of the fittest in the field of computer vision and machine perception to introduce a new framework of multi-class instance segmentation deep learning, Darwin's Neural Network (DNN), to carry out morphometric analysis and classification of COVID19 and MERS-CoV collected in vivo and of multiple mammalian cell types in vitro.      
### 67.Subjective and Objective Quality Assessment of High Frame Rate Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11634.pdf)
>  High frame rate (HFR) videos are becoming increasingly common with the tremendous popularity of live, high-action streaming content such as sports. Although HFR contents are generally of very high quality, high bandwidth requirements make them challenging to deliver efficiently, while simultaneously maintaining their quality. To optimize trade-offs between bandwidth requirements and video quality, in terms of frame rate adaptation, it is imperative to understand the intricate relationship between frame rate and perceptual video quality. Towards advancing progression in this direction we designed a new subjective resource, called the LIVE-YouTube-HFR (LIVE-YT-HFR) dataset, which is comprised of 480 videos having 6 different frame rates, obtained from 16 diverse contents. In order to understand the combined effects of compression and frame rate adjustment, we also processed videos at 5 compression levels at each frame rate. To obtain subjective labels on the videos, we conducted a human study yielding 19,000 human quality ratings obtained from a pool of 85 human subjects. We also conducted a holistic evaluation of existing state-of-the-art Full and No-Reference video quality algorithms, and statistically benchmarked their performance on the new database. The LIVE-YT-HFR database has been made available online for public use and evaluation purposes, with hopes that it will help advance research in this exciting video technology direction. It may be obtained at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://live.ece.utexas.edu/research/LIVE_YT_HFR/LIVE_YT_HFR/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
