# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 23 Jul 2020
### 1.Deep Variational Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11576.pdf)
>  Instance Segmentation, which seeks to obtain both class and instance labels for each pixel in the input image, is a challenging task in computer vision. State-of-the-art algorithms often employ two separate stages, the first one generating object proposals and the second one recognizing and refining the boundaries. Further, proposals are usually based on detectors such as faster R-CNN which search for boxes in the entire image exhaustively. In this paper, we propose a novel algorithm that directly utilizes a fully convolutional network (FCN) to predict instance labels. Specifically, we propose a variational relaxation of instance segmentation as minimizing an optimization functional for a piecewise-constant segmentation problem, which can be used to train an FCN end-to-end. It extends the classical Mumford-Shah variational segmentation problem to be able to handle permutation-invariant labels in the ground truth of instance segmentation. Experiments on PASCAL VOC 2012, Semantic Boundaries dataset(SBD), and the MSCOCO 2017 dataset show that the proposed approach efficiently tackle the instance segmentation task. The source code and trained models will be released with the paper.      
### 2.Neural Sparse Voxel Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11571.pdf)
>  Photo-realistic free-viewpoint rendering of real-world scenes using classical computer graphics techniques is challenging, because it requires the difficult step of capturing detailed appearance and geometry models. Recent studies have demonstrated promising results by learning scene representations that implicitly encode both geometry and appearance without 3D supervision. However, existing approaches in practice often show blurry renderings caused by the limited network capacity or the difficulty in finding accurate intersections of camera rays with the scene geometry. Synthesizing high-resolution imagery from these representations often requires time-consuming optical ray marching. In this work, we introduce Neural Sparse Voxel Fields (NSVF), a new neural scene representation for fast and high-quality free-viewpoint rendering. NSVF defines a set of voxel-bounded implicit fields organized in a sparse voxel octree to model local properties in each cell. We progressively learn the underlying voxel structures with a diffentiable ray-marching operation from only a set of posed RGB images. With the sparse voxel octree structure, rendering novel views can be accelerated by skipping the voxels containing no relevant scene content. Our method is over 10 times faster than the state-of-the-art (namely, NeRF) at inference time while achieving higher quality results. Furthermore, by utilizing an explicit sparse voxel representation, our method can easily be applied to scene editing and scene composition. We also demonstrate several challenging tasks, including multi-scene learning, free-viewpoint rendering of a moving human, and large-scale scene rendering.      
### 3.Attend and Segment: Attention Guided Active Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11548.pdf)
>  In a dynamic environment, an agent with a limited field of view/resource cannot fully observe the scene before attempting to parse it. The deployment of common semantic segmentation architectures is not feasible in such settings. In this paper we propose a method to gradually segment a scene given a sequence of partial observations. The main idea is to refine an agent's understanding of the environment by attending the areas it is most uncertain about. Our method includes a self-supervised attention mechanism and a specialized architecture to maintain and exploit spatial memory maps for filling-in the unseen areas in the environment. The agent can select and attend an area while relying on the cues coming from the visited areas to hallucinate the other parts. We reach a mean pixel-wise accuracy of 78.1%, 80.9% and 76.5% on CityScapes, CamVid, and Kitti datasets by processing only 18% of the image pixels (10 retina-like glimpses). We perform an ablation study on the number of glimpses, input image size and effectiveness of retina-like glimpses. We compare our method to several baselines and show that the optimal results are achieved by having access to a very low resolution view of the scene at the first timestep.      
### 4.Endo-Sim2Real: Consistency learning-based domain adaptation for instrument segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11514.pdf)
>  Surgical tool segmentation in endoscopic videos is an important component of computer assisted interventions systems. Recent success of image-based solutions using fully-supervised deep learning approaches can be attributed to the collection of big labeled datasets. However, the annotation of a big dataset of real videos can be prohibitively expensive and time consuming. Computer simulations could alleviate the manual labeling problem, however, models trained on simulated data do not generalize to real data. This work proposes a consistency-based framework for joint learning of simulated and real (unlabeled) endoscopic data to bridge this performance generalization issue. Empirical results on two data sets (15 videos of the Cholec80 and EndoVis'15 dataset) highlight the effectiveness of the proposed \emph{Endo-Sim2Real} method for instrument segmentation. We compare the segmentation of the proposed approach with state-of-the-art solutions and show that our method improves segmentation both in terms of quality and quantity.      
### 5.CrossTransformers: spatially-aware few-shot transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11498.pdf)
>  Given new tasks with very little data--such as new classes in a classification problem or a domain shift in the input--performance of modern vision systems degrades remarkably quickly. In this work, we illustrate how the neural network representations which underpin modern vision systems are subject to supervision collapse, whereby they lose any information that is not necessary for performing the training task, including information that may be necessary for transfer to new tasks or domains. We then propose two methods to mitigate this problem. First, we employ self-supervised learning to encourage general-purpose features that transfer better. Second, we propose a novel Transformer based neural network architecture called CrossTransformers, which can take a small number of labeled images and an unlabeled query, find coarse spatial correspondence between the query and the labeled images, and then infer class membership by computing distances between spatially-corresponding features. The result is a classifier that is more robust to task and domain shift, which we demonstrate via state-of-the-art performance on Meta-Dataset, a recent dataset for evaluating transfer from ImageNet to many other vision datasets.      
### 6.Deep Models and Shortwave Infrared Information to Detect Face Presentation Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11469.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of face presentation attack detection using different image modalities. In particular, the usage of short wave infrared (SWIR) imaging is considered. Face presentation attack detection is performed using recent models based on Convolutional Neural Networks using only carefully selected SWIR image differences as input. Conducted experiments show superior performance over similar models acting on either color images or on a combination of different modalities (visible, NIR, thermal and depth), as well as on a SVM-based classifier acting on SWIR image differences. Experiments have been carried on a new public and freely available database, containing a wide variety of attacks. Video sequences have been recorded thanks to several sensors resulting in 14 different streams in the visible, NIR, SWIR and thermal spectra, as well as depth data. The best proposed approach is able to almost perfectly detect all impersonation attacks while ensuring low bonafide classification errors. On the other hand, obtained results show that obfuscation attacks are more difficult to detect. We hope that the proposed database will foster research on this challenging problem. Finally, all the code and instructions to reproduce presented experiments is made available to the research community.      
### 7.FedOCR: Communication-Efficient Federated Learning for Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11462.pdf)
>  While scene text recognition techniques have been widely used in commercial applications, data privacy has rarely been taken into account by this research community. Most existing algorithms have assumed a set of shared or centralized training data. However, in practice, data may be distributed on different local devices that can not be centralized to share due to the privacy restrictions. In this paper, we study how to make use of decentralized datasets for training a robust scene text recognizer while keeping them stay on local devices. To the best of our knowledge, we propose the first framework leveraging federated learning for scene text recognition, which is trained with decentralized datasets collaboratively. Hence we name it FedOCR. To make FedCOR fairly suitable to be deployed on end devices, we make two improvements including using lightweight models and hashing techniques. We argue that both are crucial for FedOCR in terms of the communication efficiency of federated learning. The simulations on decentralized datasets show that the proposed FedOCR achieves competitive results to the models that are trained with centralized data, with fewer communication costs and higher-level privacy-preserving.      
### 8.Video-ception Network: Towards Multi-Scale Efficient Asymmetric Spatial-Temporal Interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11460.pdf)
>  Previous video modeling methods leverage the cubic 3D convolution filters or its decomposed variants to exploit the motion cues for precise action recognition, which tend to be performed on the video features along the temporal and spatial axes symmetrically. This brings the hypothesis implicitly that the actions are recognized from the cubic voxel level and neglects the essential spatial-temporal shape diversity across different actions. In this paper, we propose a novel video representing method that fuses the features spatially and temporally in an asymmetric way to model action atomics spanning multi-scale spatial-temporal scales. To permit the feature fusion procedure efficiently and effectively, we also design the optimized feature interaction layer, which covers most feature fusion techniques as special case of it, e.g., channel shuffling and channel concatenating. We instantiate our method as a \textit{plug-and-play} block, termed Multi-Scale Efficient Asymmetric Spatial-Temporal Block. Our method can easily adapt the traditional 2D CNNs to the video understanding tasks such as action recognition. We verify our method on several most recent large-scale video datasets requiring strong temporal reasoning or appearance discriminating, e.g., Something-to-Something v1, Kinetics and Diving48, demonstrate the new state-of-the-art results without bells and whistles.      
### 9.Learning One Class Representations for Face Presentation Attack Detection using Multi-channel Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11457.pdf)
>  Face recognition has evolved as a widely used biometric modality. However, its vulnerability against presentation attacks poses a significant security threat. Though presentation attack detection (PAD) methods try to address this issue, they often fail in generalizing to unseen attacks. In this work, we propose a new framework for PAD using a one-class classifier, where the representation used is learned with a Multi-Channel Convolutional Neural Network (MCCNN). A novel loss function is introduced, which forces the network to learn a compact embedding for bonafide class while being far from the representation of attacks. A one-class Gaussian Mixture Model is used on top of these embeddings for the PAD task. The proposed framework introduces a novel approach to learn a robust PAD system from bonafide and available (known) attack classes. This is particularly important as collecting bonafide data and simpler attacks are much easier than collecting a wide variety of expensive attacks. The proposed system is evaluated on the publicly available WMCA multi-channel face PAD database, which contains a wide variety of 2D and 3D attacks. Further, we have performed experiments with MLFP and SiW-M datasets using RGB channels only. Superior performance in unseen attack protocols shows the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Software, data, and protocols to reproduce the results are made available publicly.      
### 10.Combining Implicit Function Learning and Parametric Models for 3D Human Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11432.pdf)
>  Implicit functions represented as deep learning approximations are powerful for reconstructing 3D surfaces. However, they can only produce static surfaces that are not controllable, which provides limited ability to modify the resulting model by editing its pose or shape parameters. Nevertheless, such features are essential in building flexible models for both computer graphics and computer vision. In this work, we present methodology that combines detail-rich implicit functions and parametric representations in order to reconstruct 3D models of people that remain controllable and accurate even in the presence of clothing. Given sparse 3D point clouds sampled on the surface of a dressed person, we use an Implicit Part Network (IP-Net)to jointly predict the outer 3D surface of the dressed person, the and inner body surface, and the semantic correspondences to a parametric body model. We subsequently use correspondences to fit the body model to our inner surface and then non-rigidly deform it (under a parametric body + displacement model) to the outer surface in order to capture garment, face and hair detail. In quantitative and qualitative experiments with both full body data and hand scans we show that the proposed methodology generalizes, and is effective even given incomplete point clouds collected from single-view depth images. Our models and code can be downloaded from <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://virtualhumans.mpi-inf.mpg.de/ipnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 11.Learnable Cost Volume Using the Cayley Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11431.pdf)
>  Cost volume is an essential component of recent deep models for optical flow estimation and is usually constructed by calculating the inner product between two feature vectors. However, the standard inner product in the commonly-used cost volume may limit the representation capacity of flow models because it neglects the correlation among different channel dimensions and weighs each dimension equally. To address this issue, we propose a learnable cost volume (LCV) using an elliptical inner product, which generalizes the standard inner product by a positive definite kernel matrix. To guarantee its positive definiteness, we perform spectral decomposition on the kernel matrix and re-parameterize it via the Cayley representation. The proposed LCV is a lightweight module and can be easily plugged into existing models to replace the vanilla cost volume. Experimental results show that the LCV module not only improves the accuracy of state-of-the-art models on standard benchmarks, but also promotes their robustness against illumination change, noises, and adversarial perturbations of the input signals.      
### 12.Learning Disentangled Feature Representation for Hybrid-distorted Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11430.pdf)
>  Hybrid-distorted image restoration (HD-IR) is dedicated to restore real distorted image that is degraded by multiple distortions. Existing HD-IR approaches usually ignore the inherent interference among hybrid distortions which compromises the restoration performance. To decompose such interference, we introduce the concept of Disentangled Feature Learning to achieve the feature-level divide-and-conquer of hybrid distortions. Specifically, we propose the feature disentanglement module (FDM) to distribute feature representations of different distortions into different channels by revising gain-control-based normalization. We also propose a feature aggregation module (FAM) with channel-wise attention to adaptively filter out the distortion representations and aggregate useful content information from different channels for the construction of raw image. The effectiveness of the proposed scheme is verified by visualizing the correlation matrix of features and channel responses of different distortions. Extensive experimental results also prove superior performance of our approach compared with the latest HD-IR schemes.      
### 13.A Hybrid Neuromorphic Object Tracking and Classification Framework for Real-time Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11404.pdf)
>  Deep learning inference that needs to largely take place on the 'edge' is a highly computational and memory intensive workload, making it intractable for low-power, embedded platforms such as mobile nodes and remote security applications. To address this challenge, this paper proposes a real-time, hybrid neuromorphic framework for object tracking and classification using event-based cameras that possess properties such as low-power consumption (5-14 mW) and high dynamic range (120 dB). Nonetheless, unlike traditional approaches of using event-by-event processing, this work uses a mixed frame and event approach to get energy savings with high performance. Using a frame-based region proposal method based on the density of foreground events, a hardware-friendly object tracking scheme is implemented using the apparent object velocity while tackling occlusion scenarios. The object track input is converted back to spikes for TrueNorth classification via the energy-efficient deep network (EEDN) pipeline. Using originally collected datasets, we train the TrueNorth model on the hardware track outputs, instead of using ground truth object locations as commonly done, and demonstrate the ability of our system to handle practical surveillance scenarios. As an optional paradigm, to exploit the low latency and asynchronous nature of neuromorphic vision sensors (NVS), we also propose a continuous-time tracker with C++ implementation where each event is processed individually. Thereby, we extensively compare the proposed methodologies to state-of-the-art event-based and frame-based methods for object tracking and classification, and demonstrate the use case of our neuromorphic approach for real-time and embedded applications without sacrificing performance. Finally, we also showcase the efficacy of the proposed system to a standard RGB camera setup when evaluated over several hours of traffic recordings.      
### 14.Depthwise Spatio-Temporal STFT Convolutional Neural Networks for Human Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11365.pdf)
>  Conventional 3D convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are computationally expensive, memory intensive, prone to overfitting, and most importantly, there is a need to improve their feature learning capabilities. To address these issues, we propose spatio-temporal short term Fourier transform (STFT) blocks, a new class of convolutional blocks that can serve as an alternative to the 3D convolutional layer and its variants in 3D CNNs. An STFT block consists of non-trainable convolution layers that capture spatially and/or temporally local Fourier information using a STFT kernel at multiple low frequency points, followed by a set of trainable linear weights for learning channel correlations. The STFT blocks significantly reduce the space-time complexity in 3D CNNs. In general, they use 3.5 to 4.5 times less parameters and 1.5 to 1.8 times less computational costs when compared to the state-of-the-art methods. Furthermore, their feature learning capabilities are significantly better than the conventional 3D convolutional layer and its variants. Our extensive evaluation on seven action recognition datasets, including Something-something v1 and v2, Jester, Diving-48, Kinetics-400, UCF 101, and HMDB 51, demonstrate that STFT blocks based 3D CNNs achieve on par or even better performance compared to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 15.Human-Centered Unsupervised Segmentation Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11361.pdf)
>  Segmentation is generally an ill-posed problem since it results in multiple solutions and is, therefore, hard to define ground truth data to evaluate algorithms. The problem can be naively surpassed by using only one annotator per image, but such acquisition doesn't represent the cognitive perception of an image by the majority of people. Nowadays, it is not difficult to obtain multiple segmentations with crowdsourcing, so the only problem that stays is how to get one ground truth segmentation per image. There already exist numerous algorithmic solutions, but most methods are supervised or don't consider confidence per human segmentation. In this paper, we introduce a new segmentation fusion model that is based on K-Modes clustering. Results obtained from publicly available datasets with human ground truth segmentations clearly show that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art on human segmentations.      
### 16.Leveraging Undiagnosed Data for Glaucoma Classification with Teacher-Student Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11355.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning has been adopted to the glaucoma classification task with performance comparable to that of human experts. However, a well trained deep learning model demands a large quantity of properly labeled data, which is relatively expensive since the accurate labeling of glaucoma requires years of specialist training. In order to alleviate this problem, we propose a glaucoma classification framework which takes advantage of not only the properly labeled images, but also undiagnosed images without glaucoma labels. To be more specific, the proposed framework is adapted from the teacher-student-learning paradigm. The teacher model encodes the wrapped information of undiagnosed images to a latent feature space, meanwhile the student model learns from the teacher through knowledge transfer to improve the glaucoma classification. For the model training procedure, we propose a novel training strategy that simulates the real-world teaching practice named as 'Learning To Teach with Knowledge Transfer (L2T-KT)', and establish a 'Quiz Pool' as the teacher's optimization target. Experiments show that the proposed framework is able to utilize the undiagnosed data effectively to improve the glaucoma prediction performance.      
### 17.Learning Directional Feature Maps for Cardiac MRI Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11349.pdf)
>  Cardiac MRI segmentation plays a crucial role in clinical diagnosis for evaluating personalized cardiac performance parameters. Due to the indistinct boundaries and heterogeneous intensity distributions in the cardiac MRI, most existing methods still suffer from two aspects of challenges: inter-class indistinction and intra-class inconsistency. To tackle these two problems, we propose a novel method to exploit the directional feature maps, which can simultaneously strengthen the differences between classes and the similarities within classes. Specifically, we perform cardiac segmentation and learn a direction field pointing away from the nearest cardiac tissue boundary to each pixel via a direction field (DF) module. Based on the learned direction field, we then propose a feature rectification and fusion (FRF) module to improve the original segmentation features, and obtain the final segmentation. The proposed modules are simple yet effective and can be flexibly added to any existing segmentation network without excessively increasing time and space complexity. We evaluate the proposed method on the 2017 MICCAI Automated Cardiac Diagnosis Challenge (ACDC) dataset and a large-scale self-collected dataset, showing good segmentation performance and robust generalization ability of the proposed method.      
### 18.Unsupervised Shape and Pose Disentanglement for 3D Meshes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11341.pdf)
>  Parametric models of humans, faces, hands and animals have been widely used for a range of tasks such as image-based reconstruction, shape correspondence estimation, and animation. Their key strength is the ability to factor surface variations into shape and pose dependent components. Learning such models requires lots of expert knowledge and hand-defined object-specific constraints, making the learning approach unscalable to novel objects. In this paper, we present a simple yet effective approach to learn disentangled shape and pose representations in an unsupervised setting. We use a combination of self-consistency and cross-consistency constraints to learn pose and shape space from registered meshes. We additionally incorporate as-rigid-as-possible deformation(ARAP) into the training loop to avoid degenerate solutions. We demonstrate the usefulness of learned representations through a number of tasks including pose transfer and shape retrieval. The experiments on datasets of 3D humans, faces, hands and animals demonstrate the generality of our approach. Code is made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://virtualhumans.mpi-inf.mpg.de/unsup_shape_pose/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Multi-Task Curriculum Framework for Open-Set Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11330.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning (SSL) has been proposed to leverage unlabeled data for training powerful models when only limited labeled data is available. While existing SSL methods assume that samples in the labeled and unlabeled data share the classes of their samples, we address a more complex novel scenario named open-set SSL, where out-of-distribution (OOD) samples are contained in unlabeled data. Instead of training an OOD detector and SSL separately, we propose a multi-task curriculum learning framework. First, to detect the OOD samples in unlabeled data, we estimate the probability of the sample belonging to OOD. We use a joint optimization framework, which updates the network parameters and the OOD score alternately. Simultaneously, to achieve high performance on the classification of in-distribution (ID) data, we select ID samples in unlabeled data having small OOD scores, and use these data with labeled data for training the deep neural networks to classify ID samples in a semi-supervised manner. We conduct several experiments, and our method achieves state-of-the-art results by successfully eliminating the effect of OOD samples.      
### 20.Watchlist Risk Assessment using Multiparametric Cost and Relative Entropy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11328.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the facial biometric-enabled watchlist technology in which risk detectors are mandatory mechanisms for early detection of threats, as well as for avoiding offense to innocent travelers. We propose a multiparametric cost assessment and relative entropy measures as risk detectors. We experimentally demonstrate the effects of mis-identification and impersonation under various watchlist screening scenarios and constraints. The key contributions of this paper are the novel techniques for design and analysis of the biometric-enabled watchlist and the supporting infrastructure, as well as measuring the impersonation impact on e-border performance.      
### 21.Risk Assessment in the Face-based Watchlist Screening in e-Border  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11323.pdf)
>  This paper concerns with facial-based watchlist technology as a component of automated border control machines deployed in e-borders. The key task of the watchlist technology is to mitigate effects of mis-identification and impersonation. To address this problem, we developed a novel cost-based model of traveler risk assessment and proved its efficiency via intensive experiments using large-scale facial databases. The results of this study are applicable to any biometric modality to be used in watchlist technology.      
### 22.Real-Time Instrument Segmentation in Robotic Surgery using Auxiliary Supervised Deep Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11319.pdf)
>  Robot-assisted surgery is an emerging technology which has undergone rapid growth with the development of robotics and imaging systems. Innovations in vision, haptics and accurate movements of robot arms have enabled surgeons to perform precise minimally invasive surgeries. Real-time semantic segmentation of the robotic instruments and tissues is a crucial step in robot-assisted surgery. Accurate and efficient segmentation of the surgical scene not only aids in the identification and tracking of instruments but also provided contextual information about the different tissues and instruments being operated with. For this purpose, we have developed a light-weight cascaded convolutional neural network (CNN) to segment the surgical instruments from high-resolution videos obtained from a commercial robotic system. We propose a multi-resolution feature fusion module (MFF) to fuse the feature maps of different dimensions and channels from the auxiliary and main branch. We also introduce a novel way of combining auxiliary loss and adversarial loss to regularize the segmentation model. Auxiliary loss helps the model to learn low-resolution features, and adversarial loss improves the segmentation prediction by learning higher order structural information. The model also consists of a light-weight spatial pyramid pooling (SPP) unit to aggregate rich contextual information in the intermediate stage. We show that our model surpasses existing algorithms for pixel-wise segmentation of surgical instruments in both prediction accuracy and segmentation time of high-resolution videos.      
### 23.Multi-Spectral Facial Biometrics in Access Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11318.pdf)
>  This study demonstrates how facial biometrics, acquired using multi-spectral sensors, such as RGB, depth, and infrared, assist the data accumulation in the process of authorizing users of automated and semi-automated access systems. This data serves the purposes of person authentication, as well as facial temperature estimation. We utilize depth data taken using an inexpensive RGB-D sensor to find the head pose of a subject. This allows the selection of video frames containing a frontal-view head pose for face recognition and face temperature reading. Usage of the frontal-view frames improves the efficiency of face recognition while the corresponding synchronized IR video frames allow for more efficient temperature estimation for facial regions of interest. In addition, this study reports emerging applications of biometrics in biomedical and health care solutions. Including surveys of recent pilot projects, involving new sensors of biometric data and new applications of human physiological and behavioral biometrics. It also shows the new and promising horizons of using biometrics in natural and contactless control interfaces for surgical control, rehabilitation and accessibility.      
### 24.DeepSVG: A Hierarchical Generative Network for Vector Graphics Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11301.pdf)
>  Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) are ubiquitous in modern 2D interfaces due to their ability to scale to different resolutions. However, despite the success of deep learning-based models applied to rasterized images, the problem of vector graphics representation learning and generation remains largely unexplored. In this work, we propose a novel hierarchical generative network, called DeepSVG, for complex SVG icons generation and interpolation. Our architecture effectively disentangles high-level shapes from the low-level commands that encode the shape itself. The network directly predicts a set of shapes in a non-autoregressive fashion. We introduce the task of complex SVG icons generation by releasing a new large-scale dataset along with an open-source library for SVG manipulation. We demonstrate that our network learns to accurately reconstruct diverse vector graphics, and can serve as a powerful animation tool by performing interpolations and other latent space operations. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/alexandre01/deepsvg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Deep-VFX: Deep Action Recognition Driven VFX for Short Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11257.pdf)
>  Human motion is a key function to communicate information. In the application, short-form mobile video is so popular all over the world such as Tik Tok. The users would like to add more VFX so as to pursue creativity and personlity. Many special effects are added on the short video platform. These gives the users more possibility to show off these personality. The common and traditional way is to create the template of VFX. However, in order to synthesis the perfect, the users have to tedious attempt to grasp the timing and rhythm of new templates. It is not easy-to-use especially for the mobile app. This paper aims to change the VFX synthesis by motion driven instead of the traditional template matching. We propose the AI method to improve this VFX synthesis. In detail, in order to add the special effect on the human body. The skeleton extraction is essential in this system. We also propose a novel form of LSTM to find out the user's intention by action recognition. The experiment shows that our system enables to generate VFX for short video more easier and efficient.      
### 26.Improving Monocular Depth Estimation by Leveraging Structural Awareness and Complementary Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11256.pdf)
>  Monocular depth estimation plays a crucial role in 3D recognition and understanding. One key limitation of existing approaches lies in their lack of structural information exploitation, which leads to inaccurate spatial layout, discontinuous surface, and ambiguous boundaries. In this paper, we tackle this problem in three aspects. First, to exploit the spatial relationship of visual features, we propose a structure-aware neural network with spatial attention blocks. These blocks guide the network attention to global structures or local details across different feature layers. Second, we introduce a global focal relative loss for uniform point pairs to enhance spatial constraint in the prediction, and explicitly increase the penalty on errors in depth-wise discontinuous regions, which helps preserve the sharpness of estimation results. Finally, based on analysis of failure cases for prior methods, we collect a new Hard Case (HC) Depth dataset of challenging scenes, such as special lighting conditions, dynamic objects, and tilted camera angles. The new dataset is leveraged by an informed learning curriculum that mixes training examples incrementally to handle diverse data distributions. Experimental results show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art approaches by a large margin in terms of both prediction accuracy on NYUDv2 dataset and generalization performance on unseen datasets.      
### 27.DeepCLR: Correspondence-Less Architecture for Deep End-to-End Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11255.pdf)
>  This work addresses the problem of point cloud registration using deep neural networks. We propose an approach to predict the alignment between two point clouds with overlapping data content, but displaced origins. Such point clouds originate, for example, from consecutive measurements of a LiDAR mounted on a moving platform. The main difficulty in deep registration of raw point clouds is the fusion of template and source point cloud. Our proposed architecture applies flow embedding to tackle this problem, which generates features that describe the motion of each template point. These features are then used to predict the alignment in an end-to-end fashion without extracting explicit point correspondences between both input clouds. We rely on the KITTI odometry and ModelNet40 datasets for evaluating our method on various point distributions. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art accuracy and the lowest run-time of the compared methods.      
### 28.Fragments-Expert: A Graphical User Interface MATLAB Toolbox for Classification of File Fragments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11246.pdf)
>  The classification of file fragments of various file formats is an essential task in various applications such as firewalls, intrusion detection systems, anti-viruses, web content filtering, and digital forensics. However, the community lacks a suitable software tool that can integrate major methods for feature extraction from file fragments and classification among various file formats. In this paper, we present Fragments-Expert that is a graphical user interface MATLAB toolbox for the classification of file fragments. It provides users with 22 categories of features extracted from file fragments. These features can be employed by 7 categories of machine learning algorithms for the task of classification among various file formats.      
### 29.Learnable Descent Algorithm for Nonsmooth Nonconvex Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11245.pdf)
>  We propose a general learning based framework for solving nonsmooth and nonconvex image reconstruction problems. We model the regularization function as the composition of the $l_{2,1}$ norm and a smooth but nonconvex feature mapping parametrized as a deep convolutional neural network. We develop a provably convergent descent-type algorithm to solve the nonsmooth nonconvex minimization problem by leveraging the Nesterov's smoothing technique and the idea of residual learning, and learn the network parameters such that the outputs of the algorithm match the references in training data. Our method is versatile as one can employ various modern network structures into the regularization, and the resulting network inherits the guaranteed convergence of the algorithm. We also show that the proposed network is parameter-efficient and its performance compares favorably to the state-of-the-art methods in a variety of image reconstruction problems in practice.      
### 30.Edge-aware Graph Representation Learning and Reasoning for Face Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11240.pdf)
>  Face parsing infers a pixel-wise label to each facial component, which has drawn much attention recently. Previous methods have shown their efficiency in face parsing, which however overlook the correlation among different face regions. The correlation is a critical clue about the facial appearance, pose, expression etc., and should be taken into account for face parsing. To this end, we propose to model and reason the region-wise relations by learning graph representations, and leverage the edge information between regions for optimized abstraction. Specifically, we encode a facial image onto a global graph representation where a collection of pixels ("regions") with similar features are projected to each vertex. Our model learns and reasons over relations between the regions by propagating information across vertices on the graph. Furthermore, we incorporate the edge information to aggregate the pixel-wise features onto vertices, which emphasizes on the features around edges for fine segmentation along edges. The finally learned graph representation is projected back to pixel grids for parsing. Experiments demonstrate that our model outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the widely used Helen dataset, and also exhibits the superior performance on the large-scale CelebAMask-HQ and LaPa dataset. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tegusi/EAGRNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Greenhouse Segmentation on High-Resolution Optical Satellite Imagery using Deep Learning Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11222.pdf)
>  Greenhouse segmentation has pivotal importance for climate-smart agricultural land-use planning. Deep learning-based approaches provide state-of-the-art performance in natural image segmentation. However, semantic segmentation on high-resolution optical satellite imagery is a challenging task because of the complex environment. In this paper, a sound methodology is proposed for pixel-wise classification on images acquired by the Azersky (SPOT-7) optical satellite. In particular, customized variations of U-Net-like architectures are employed to identify greenhouses. Two models are proposed which uniquely incorporate dilated convolutions and skip connections, and the results are compared to that of the baseline U-Net model. The dataset used consists of pan-sharpened orthorectified Azersky images (red, green, blue,and near infrared channels) with 1.5-meter resolution and annotation masks, collected from 15 regions in Azerbaijan where the greenhouses are densely congested. The images cover the cumulative area of 1008 $km^2$ and annotation masks contain 47559 polygons in total. The $F_1, Kappa, AUC$, and $IOU$ scores are used for performance evaluation. It is observed that the use of the deconvolutional layers alone throughout the expansive path does not yield satisfactory results; therefore, they are either replaced or coupled with bilinear interpolation. All models benefit from the hard example mining (HEM) strategy. It is also reported that the best accuracy of $93.29\%$ ($F_1\,score$) is recorded when the weighted binary cross-entropy loss is coupled with the dice loss. Experimental results showed that both of the proposed models outperformed the baseline U-Net architecture such that the best model proposed scored $4.48\%$ higher in comparison to the baseline architecture.      
### 32.Instance-aware Self-supervised Learning for Nuclei Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11186.pdf)
>  Due to the wide existence and large morphological variances of nuclei, accurate nuclei instance segmentation is still one of the most challenging tasks in computational pathology. The annotating of nuclei instances, requiring experienced pathologists to manually draw the contours, is extremely laborious and expensive, which often results in the deficiency of annotated data. The deep learning based segmentation approaches, which highly rely on the quantity of training data, are difficult to fully demonstrate their capacity in this area. In this paper, we propose a novel self-supervised learning framework to deeply exploit the capacity of widely-used convolutional neural networks (CNNs) on the nuclei instance segmentation task. The proposed approach involves two sub-tasks (i.e., scale-wise triplet learning and count ranking), which enable neural networks to implicitly leverage the prior-knowledge of nuclei size and quantity, and accordingly mine the instance-aware feature representations from the raw data. Experimental results on the publicly available MoNuSeg dataset show that the proposed self-supervised learning approach can remarkably boost the segmentation accuracy of nuclei instance---a new state-of-the-art average Aggregated Jaccard Index (AJI) of 70.63%, is achieved by our self-supervised ResUNet-101. To our best knowledge, this is the first work focusing on the self-supervised learning for instance segmentation.      
### 33.Rethinking CNN Models for Audio Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11154.pdf)
>  In this paper, we show that ImageNet-Pretrained standard deep CNN models can be used as strong baseline networks for audio classification. Even though there is a significant difference between audio Spectrogram and standard ImageNet image samples, transfer learning assumptions still hold firmly. To understand what enables the ImageNet pretrained models to learn useful audio representations, we systematically study how much of pretrained weights is useful for learning spectrograms. We show (1) that for a given standard model using pretrained weights is better than using randomly initialized weights (2) qualitative results of what the CNNs learn from the spectrograms by visualizing the gradients. Besides, we show that even though we use the pretrained model weights for initialization, there is variance in performance in various output runs of the same model. This variance in performance is due to the random initialization of linear classification layer and random mini-batch orderings in multiple runs. This brings significant diversity to build stronger ensemble models with an overall improvement in accuracy. An ensemble of ImageNet pretrained DenseNet achieves 92.89% validation accuracy on the ESC-50 dataset and 87.42% validation accuracy on the UrbanSound8K dataset which is the current state-of-the-art on both of these datasets.      
### 34.Camera On-boarding for Person Re-identification using Hypothesis Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11149.pdf)
>  Most of the existing approaches for person re-identification consider a static setting where the number of cameras in the network is fixed. An interesting direction, which has received little attention, is to explore the dynamic nature of a camera network, where one tries to adapt the existing re-identification models after on-boarding new cameras, with little additional effort. There have been a few recent methods proposed in person re-identification that attempt to address this problem by assuming the labeled data in the existing network is still available while adding new cameras. This is a strong assumption since there may exist some privacy issues for which one may not have access to those data. Rather, based on the fact that it is easy to store the learned re-identifications models, which mitigates any data privacy concern, we develop an efficient model adaptation approach using hypothesis transfer learning that aims to transfer the knowledge using only source models and limited labeled data, but without using any source camera data from the existing network. Our approach minimizes the effect of negative transfer by finding an optimal weighted combination of multiple source models for transferring the knowledge. Extensive experiments on four challenging benchmark datasets with a variable number of cameras well demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed approach over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 35.FLOT: Scene Flow on Point Clouds Guided by Optimal Transport  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11142.pdf)
>  We propose and study a method called FLOT that estimates scene flow on point clouds. We start the design of FLOT by noticing that scene flow estimation on point clouds reduces to estimating a permutation matrix in a perfect world. Inspired by recent works on graph matching, we build a method to find these correspondences by borrowing tools from optimal transport. Then, we relax the transport constraints to take into account real-world imperfections. The transport cost between two points is given by the pairwise similarity between deep features extracted by a neural network trained under full supervision using synthetic datasets. Our main finding is that FLOT can perform as well as the best existing methods on synthetic and real-world datasets while requiring much less parameters and without using multiscale analysis. Our second finding is that, on the training datasets considered, most of the performance can be explained by the learned transport cost. This yields a simpler method, FLOT$_0$, which is obtained using a particular choice of optimal transport parameters and performs nearly as well as FLOT.      
### 36.Creating a Large-scale Synthetic Dataset for Human Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11118.pdf)
>  Creating and labelling datasets of videos for use in training Human Activity Recognition models is an arduous task. In this paper, we approach this by using 3D rendering tools to generate a synthetic dataset of videos, and show that a classifier trained on these videos can generalise to real videos. We use five different augmentation techniques to generate the videos, leading to a wide variety of accurately labelled unique videos. We fine tune a pre-trained I3D model on our videos, and find that the model is able to achieve a high accuracy of 73% on the HMDB51 dataset over three classes. We also find that augmenting the HMDB training set with our dataset provides a 2% improvement in the performance of the classifier. Finally, we discuss possible extensions to the dataset, including virtual try on and modeling motion of the people.      
### 37.Who Left the Dogs Out? 3D Animal Reconstruction with Expectation Maximization in the Loop  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11110.pdf)
>  We introduce an automatic, end-to-end method for recovering the 3D pose and shape of dogs from monocular internet images. The large variation in shape between dog breeds, significant occlusion and low quality of internet images makes this a challenging problem. We learn a richer prior over shapes than previous work, which helps regularize parameter estimation. We demonstrate results on the Stanford Dog dataset, an 'in the wild' dataset of 20,580 dog images for which we have collected 2D joint and silhouette annotations to split for training and evaluation. In order to capture the large shape variety of dogs, we show that the natural variation in the 2D dataset is enough to learn a detailed 3D prior through expectation maximization (EM). As a by-product of training, we generate a new parameterized model (including limb scaling) SMBLD which we release alongside our new annotation dataset StanfordExtra to the research community.      
### 38.Accelerating Deep Learning Applications in Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11089.pdf)
>  Computing at the edge offers intriguing possibilities for the development of autonomy and artificial intelligence. The advancements in autonomous technologies and the resurgence of computer vision have led to a rise in demand for fast and reliable deep learning applications. In recent years, the industry has introduced devices with impressive processing power to perform various object detection tasks. However, with real-time detection, devices are constrained in memory, computational capacity, and power, which may compromise the overall performance. This could be solved either by optimizing the object detector or modifying the images. In this paper, we investigate the performance of CNN-based object detectors on constrained devices when applying different image compression techniques. We examine the capabilities of a NVIDIA Jetson Nano; a low-power, high-performance computer, with an integrated GPU, small enough to fit on-board a CubeSat. We take a closer look at the Single Shot MultiBox Detector (SSD) and Region-based Fully Convolutional Network (R-FCN) that are pre-trained on DOTA - a Large Scale Dataset for Object Detection in Aerial Images. The performance is measured in terms of inference time, memory consumption, and accuracy. By applying image compression techniques, we are able to optimize performance. The two techniques applied, lossless compression and image scaling, improves speed and memory consumption with no or little change in accuracy. The image scaling technique achieves a 100% runnable dataset and we suggest combining both techniques in order to optimize the speed/memory/accuracy trade-off.      
### 39.Self-supervised Feature Learning via Exploiting Multi-modal Data for Retinal Disease Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11067.pdf)
>  The automatic diagnosis of various retinal diseases from fundus images is important to support clinical decision-making. However, developing such automatic solutions is challenging due to the requirement of a large amount of human-annotated data. Recently, unsupervised/self-supervised feature learning techniques receive a lot of attention, as they do not need massive annotations. Most of the current self-supervised methods are analyzed with single imaging modality and there is no method currently utilize multi-modal images for better results. Considering that the diagnostics of various vitreoretinal diseases can greatly benefit from another imaging modality, e.g., FFA, this paper presents a novel self-supervised feature learning method by effectively exploiting multi-modal data for retinal disease diagnosis. To achieve this, we first synthesize the corresponding FFA modality and then formulate a patient feature-based softmax embedding objective. Our objective learns both modality-invariant features and patient-similarity features. Through this mechanism, the neural network captures the semantically shared information across different modalities and the apparent visual similarity between patients. We evaluate our method on two public benchmark datasets for retinal disease diagnosis. The experimental results demonstrate that our method clearly outperforms other self-supervised feature learning methods and is comparable to the supervised baseline.      
### 40.Exploiting Temporal Coherence for Self-Supervised One-shot Video Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11064.pdf)
>  While supervised techniques in re-identification are extremely effective, the need for large amounts of annotations makes them impractical for large camera networks. One-shot re-identification, which uses a singular labeled tracklet for each identity along with a pool of unlabeled tracklets, is a potential candidate towards reducing this labeling effort. Current one-shot re-identification methods function by modeling the inter-relationships amongst the labeled and the unlabeled data, but fail to fully exploit such relationships that exist within the pool of unlabeled data itself. In this paper, we propose a new framework named Temporal Consistency Progressive Learning, which uses temporal coherence as a novel self-supervised auxiliary task in the one-shot learning paradigm to capture such relationships amongst the unlabeled tracklets. Optimizing two new losses, which enforce consistency on a local and global scale, our framework can learn learn richer and more discriminative representations. Extensive experiments on two challenging video re-identification datasets - MARS and DukeMTMC-VideoReID - demonstrate that our proposed method is able to estimate the true labels of the unlabeled data more accurately by up to $8\%$, and obtain significantly better re-identification performance compared to the existing state-of-the-art techniques.      
### 41.BorderDet: Border Feature for Dense Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11056.pdf)
>  Dense object detectors rely on the sliding-window paradigm that predicts the object over a regular grid of image. Meanwhile, the feature maps on the point of the grid are adopted to generate the bounding box predictions. The point feature is convenient to use but may lack the explicit border information for accurate localization. In this paper, We propose a simple and efficient operator called Border-Align to extract "border features" from the extreme point of the border to enhance the point feature. Based on the BorderAlign, we design a novel detection architecture called BorderDet, which explicitly exploits the border information for stronger classification and more accurate localization. With ResNet-50 backbone, our method improves single-stage detector FCOS by 2.8 AP gains (38.6 v.s. 41.4). With the ResNeXt-101-DCN backbone, our BorderDet obtains 50.3 AP, outperforming the existing state-of-the-art approaches. The code is available at (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/BorderDet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 42.A Framework based on Deep Neural Networks to Extract Anatomy of Mosquitoes from Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11052.pdf)
>  We design a framework based on Mask Region-based Convolutional Neural Network (Mask R-CNN) to automatically detect and separately extract anatomical components of mosquitoes - thorax, wings, abdomen and legs from images. Our training dataset consisted of 1500 smartphone images of nine mosquito species trapped in Florida. In the proposed technique, the first step is to detect anatomical components within a mosquito image. Then, we localize and classify the extracted anatomical components, while simultaneously adding a branch in the neural network architecture to segment pixels containing only the anatomical components. Evaluation results are favorable. To evaluate generality, we test our architecture trained only with mosquito images on bumblebee images. We again reveal favorable results, particularly in extracting wings. Our techniques in this paper have practical applications in public health, taxonomy and citizen-science efforts.      
### 43.An Image Analogies Approach for Multi-Scale Contour Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11047.pdf)
>  In this paper we deal with contour detection based on the recent image analogy principle which has been successfully used for super-resolution, texture and curves synthesis and interactive editing. Hand-drawn outlines are initially as benchmarks. Given such a reference image, we present a new method based on this expertise to locate contours of a query image in the same way that it is done for the reference (i.e by analogy). <br>Applying a image analogies for contour detection using hand drawn images as leaning images cannot gives good result for any query image. The contour detection may be improved if we increase the number of learning images such that there will be exist similarity between query image and some reference images. In addition of the hardness of contours drawing task, this will increase considerably the time computation. <br>We investigated in this work, how can we avoid this constraint in order to guaranty that all contour pixels will be located for any query image. Fourteen derived stereo patches, derived from a mathematical study, are the knowledge used in order to locate contours at different scales independently of the light conditions. <br>Comprehensive experiments are conducted on different data sets (BSD 500, Horses of Weizmann). The obtained results show superior performance via precision and recall vs. hand-drawn contours at multiple resolutions to the reported state of the art.      
### 44.Directional Temporal Modeling for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11040.pdf)
>  Many current activity recognition models use 3D convolutional neural networks (e.g. I3D, I3D-NL) to generate local spatial-temporal features. However, such features do not encode clip-level ordered temporal information. In this paper, we introduce a channel independent directional convolution (CIDC) operation, which learns to model the temporal evolution among local features. By applying multiple CIDC units we construct a light-weight network that models the clip-level temporal evolution across multiple spatial scales. Our CIDC network can be attached to any activity recognition backbone network. We evaluate our method on four popular activity recognition datasets and consistently improve upon state-of-the-art techniques. We further visualize the activation map of our CIDC network and show that it is able to focus on more meaningful, action related parts of the frame.      
### 45.Learning Object Relation Graph and Tentative Policy for Visual Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11018.pdf)
>  Target-driven visual navigation aims at navigating an agent towards a given target based on the observation of the agent. In this task, it is critical to learn informative visual representation and robust navigation policy. Aiming to improve these two components, this paper proposes three complementary techniques, object relation graph (ORG), trial-driven imitation learning (IL), and a memory-augmented tentative policy network (TPN). ORG improves visual representation learning by integrating object relationships, including category closeness and spatial correlations, e.g., a TV usually co-occurs with a remote spatially. Both Trial-driven IL and TPN underlie robust navigation policy, instructing the agent to escape from deadlock states, such as looping or being stuck. Specifically, trial-driven IL is a type of supervision used in policy network training, while TPN, mimicking the IL supervision in unseen environment, is applied in testing. Experiment in the artificial environment AI2-Thor validates that each of the techniques is effective. When combined, the techniques bring significantly improvement over baseline methods in navigation effectiveness and efficiency in unseen environments. We report 22.8% and 23.5% increase in success rate and Success weighted by Path Length (SPL), respectively. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiaobaishu0097/ECCV-VN.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.Wasserstein Routed Capsule Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11465.pdf)
>  Capsule networks offer interesting properties and provide an alternative to today's deep neural network architectures. However, recent approaches have failed to consistently achieve competitive results across different image datasets. We propose a new parameter efficient capsule architecture, that is able to tackle complex tasks by using neural networks trained with an approximate Wasserstein objective to dynamically select capsules throughout the entire architecture. This approach focuses on implementing a robust routing scheme, which can deliver improved results using little overhead. We perform several ablation studies verifying the proposed concepts and show that our network is able to substantially outperform other capsule approaches by over 1.2 % on CIFAR-10, using fewer parameters.      
### 47.4S-DT: Self Supervised Super Sample Decomposition for Transfer learning with application to COVID-19 detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11450.pdf)
>  Due to the high availability of large-scale annotated image datasets, knowledge transfer from pre-trained models showed outstanding performance in medical image classification. However, building a robust image classification model for datasets with data irregularity or imbalanced classes can be a very challenging task, especially in the medical imaging domain. In this paper, we propose a novel deep convolutional neural network, we called Self Supervised Super Sample Decomposition for Transfer learning (4S-DT) model.4S-DTencourages a coarse-to-fine transfer learning from large-scale image recognition tasks to a specific chest X-ray image classification task using a generic self-supervised sample decomposition approach. Our main contribution is a novel self-supervised learning mechanism guided by a super sample decomposition of unlabelled chest X-ray images. 4S-DT helps in improving the robustness of knowledge transformation via a downstream learning strategy with a class-decomposition layer to simplify the local structure of the data.4S-DT can deal with any irregularities in the image dataset by investigating its class boundaries using a downstream class-decomposition mechanism. We used 50,000 unlabelled chest X-ray images to achieve our coarse-to-fine transfer learning with an application to COVID-19 detection, as an exemplar. 4S-DT has achieved an accuracy of 97.54% (95% CI: 96.22%, 98.91%) in the detection of COVID-19 cases on an extended test set enriched by augmented images, out of which all real COVID-19 cases were detected, which was the highest accuracy obtained when compared to other methods.      
### 48.Feature based Sequential Classifier with Attention Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11392.pdf)
>  Cervical cancer is one of the deadliest cancers affecting women globally. Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) assessment using histopathological examination of cervical biopsy slides is subject to interobserver variability. Automated processing of digitized histopathology slides has the potential for more accurate classification for CIN grades from normal to increasing grades of pre-malignancy: CIN1, CIN2 and CIN3. Cervix disease is generally understood to progress from the bottom (basement membrane) to the top of the epithelium. To model this relationship of disease severity to spatial distribution of abnormalities, we propose a network pipeline, DeepCIN, to analyze high-resolution epithelium images (manually extracted from whole-slide images) hierarchically by focusing on localized vertical regions and fusing this local information for determining Normal/CIN classification. The pipeline contains two classifier networks: 1) a cross-sectional, vertical segment-level sequence generator (two-stage encoder model) is trained using weak supervision to generate feature sequences from the vertical segments to preserve the bottom-to-top feature relationships in the epithelium image data; 2) an attention-based fusion network image-level classifier predicting the final CIN grade by merging vertical segment sequences. The model produces the CIN classification results and also determines the vertical segment contributions to CIN grade prediction. Experiments show that DeepCIN achieves pathologist-level CIN classification accuracy.      
### 49.DEAL: Deep Evidential Active Learning for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11344.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have proven to be state-of-the-art models for supervised computer vision tasks, such as image classification. However, large labeled data sets are generally needed for the training and validation of such models. In many domains, unlabeled data is available but labeling is expensive, for instance when specific expert knowledge is required. Active Learning (AL) is one approach to mitigate the problem of limited labeled data. Through selecting the most informative and representative data instances for labeling, AL can contribute to more efficient learning of the model. Recent AL methods for CNNs propose different solutions for the selection of instances to be labeled. However, they do not perform consistently well and are often computationally expensive. In this paper, we propose a novel AL algorithm that efficiently learns from unlabeled data by capturing high prediction uncertainty. By replacing the softmax standard output of a CNN with the parameters of a Dirichlet density, the model learns to identify data instances that contribute efficiently to improving model performance during training. We demonstrate in several experiments with publicly available data that our method consistently outperforms other state-of-the-art AL approaches. It can be easily implemented and does not require extensive computational resources for training. Additionally, we are able to show the benefits of the approach on a real-world medical use case in the field of automated detection of visual signals for pneumonia on chest radiographs.      
### 50.Adversarial Training Reduces Information and Improves Transferability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11259.pdf)
>  Recent results show that features of adversarially trained networks for classification, in addition to being robust, enable desirable properties such as invertibility. The latter property may seem counter-intuitive as it is widely accepted by the community that classification models should only capture the minimal information (features) required for the task. Motivated by this discrepancy, we investigate the dual relationship between Adversarial Training and Information Theory. We show that the Adversarial Training can improve linear transferability to new tasks, from which arises a new trade-off between transferability of representations and accuracy on the source task. We validate our results employing robust networks trained on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and ImageNet on several datasets. Moreover, we show that Adversarial Training reduces Fisher information of representations about the input and of the weights about the task, and we provide a theoretical argument which explains the invertibility of deterministic networks without violating the principle of minimality. Finally, we leverage our theoretical insights to remarkably improve the quality of reconstructed images through inversion.      
### 51.MI^2GAN: Generative Adversarial Network for Medical Image Domain Adaptation using Mutual Information Constraint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11180.pdf)
>  Domain shift between medical images from multicentres is still an open question for the community, which degrades the generalization performance of deep learning models. Generative adversarial network (GAN), which synthesize plausible images, is one of the potential solutions to address the problem. However, the existing GAN-based approaches are prone to fail at preserving image-objects in image-to-image (I2I) translation, which reduces their practicality on domain adaptation tasks. In this paper, we propose a novel GAN (namely MI$^2$GAN) to maintain image-contents during cross-domain I2I translation. Particularly, we disentangle the content features from domain information for both the source and translated images, and then maximize the mutual information between the disentangled content features to preserve the image-objects. The proposed MI$^2$GAN is evaluated on two tasks---polyp segmentation using colonoscopic images and the segmentation of optic disc and cup in fundus images. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed MI$^2$GAN can not only generate elegant translated images, but also significantly improve the generalization performance of widely used deep learning networks (e.g., U-Net).      
### 52.One Click Lesion RECIST Measurement and Segmentation on CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.11087.pdf)
>  In clinical trials, one of the radiologists' routine work is to measure tumor sizes on medical images using the RECIST criteria (Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors). However, manual measurement is tedious and subject to inter-observer variability. We propose a unified framework named SEENet for semi-automatic lesion \textit{SE}gmentation and RECIST \textit{E}stimation on a variety of lesions over the entire human body. The user is only required to provide simple guidance by clicking once near the lesion. SEENet consists of two main parts. The first one extracts the lesion of interest with the one-click guidance, roughly segments the lesion, and estimates its RECIST measurement. Based on the results of the first network, the second one refines the lesion segmentation and RECIST estimation. SEENet achieves state-of-the-art performance in lesion segmentation and RECIST estimation on the large-scale public DeepLesion dataset. It offers a practical tool for radiologists to generate reliable lesion measurements (i.e. segmentation mask and RECIST) with minimal human effort and greatly reduced time.      
