# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 6 Jul 2020
### 1.LOOC: Localize Overlapping Objects with Count Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01837.pdf)
>  Acquiring count annotations generally requires less human effort than point-level and bounding box annotations. Thus, we propose the novel problem setup of localizing objects in dense scenes under this weaker supervision. We propose LOOC, a method to Localize Overlapping Objects with Count supervision. We train LOOC by alternating between two stages. In the first stage, LOOC learns to generate pseudo point-level annotations in a semi-supervised manner. In the second stage, LOOC uses a fully-supervised localization method that trains on these pseudo labels. The localization method is used to progressively improve the quality of the pseudo labels. We conducted experiments on popular counting datasets. For localization, LOOC achieves a strong new baseline in the novel problem setup where only count supervision is available. For counting, LOOC outperforms current state-of-the-art methods that only use count as their supervision. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ElementAI/looc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Image-based Vehicle Re-identification Model with Adaptive Attention Modules and Metadata Re-ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01818.pdf)
>  Vehicle Re-identification is a challenging task due to intra-class variability and inter-class similarity across non-overlapping cameras. To tackle these problems, recently proposed methods require additional annotation to extract more features for false positive image exclusion. In this paper, we propose a model powered by adaptive attention modules that requires fewer label annotations but still out-performs the previous models. We also include a re-ranking method that takes account of the importance of metadata feature embeddings in our paper. The proposed method is evaluated on CVPR AI City Challenge 2020 dataset and achieves mAP of 37.25% in Track 2.      
### 3.Deep learning for scene recognition from visual data: a survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01806.pdf)
>  The use of deep learning techniques has exploded during the last few years, resulting in a direct contribution to the field of artificial intelligence. This work aims to be a review of the state-of-the-art in scene recognition with deep learning models from visual data. Scene recognition is still an emerging field in computer vision, which has been addressed from a single image and dynamic image perspective. We first give an overview of available datasets for image and video scene recognition. Later, we describe ensemble techniques introduced by research papers in the field. Finally, we give some remarks on our findings and discuss what we consider challenges in the field and future lines of research. This paper aims to be a future guide for model selection for the task of scene recognition.      
### 4.Evaluating Uncertainty Estimation Methods on 3D Semantic Segmentation of Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01787.pdf)
>  Deep learning models are extensively used in various safety critical applications. Hence these models along with being accurate need to be highly reliable. One way of achieving this is by quantifying uncertainty. Bayesian methods for UQ have been extensively studied for Deep Learning models applied on images but have been less explored for 3D modalities such as point clouds often used for Robots and Autonomous Systems. In this work, we evaluate three uncertainty quantification methods namely Deep Ensembles, MC-Dropout and MC-DropConnect on the DarkNet21Seg 3D semantic segmentation model and comprehensively analyze the impact of various parameters such as number of models in ensembles or forward passes, and drop probability values, on task performance and uncertainty estimate quality. We find that Deep Ensembles outperforms other methods in both performance and uncertainty metrics. Deep ensembles outperform other methods by a margin of 2.4% in terms of mIOU, 1.3% in terms of accuracy, while providing reliable uncertainty for decision making.      
### 5.Visual Question Answering as a Multi-Task Problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01780.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering(VQA) is a highly complex problem set, relying on many sub-problems to produce reasonable answers. In this paper, we present the hypothesis that Visual Question Answering should be viewed as a multi-task problem, and provide evidence to support this hypothesis. We demonstrate this by reformatting two commonly used Visual Question Answering datasets, COCO-QA and DAQUAR, into a multi-task format and train these reformatted datasets on two baseline networks, with one designed specifically to eliminate other possible causes for performance changes as a result of the reformatting. Though the networks demonstrated in this paper do not achieve strongly competitive results, we find that the multi-task approach to Visual Question Answering results in increases in performance of 5-9% against the single-task formatting, and that the networks reach convergence much faster than in the single-task case. Finally we discuss possible reasons for the observed difference in performance, and perform additional experiments which rule out causes not associated with the learning of the dataset as a multi-task problem.      
### 6.Learning Expectation of Label Distribution for Facial Age and Attractiveness Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01771.pdf)
>  Facial attributes (e.g., age and attractiveness) estimation performance has been greatly improved by using convolutional neural networks. However, existing methods have an inconsistency between the training objectives and the evaluation metric, so they may be suboptimal. In addition, these methods always adopt image classification or face recognition models with a large amount of parameters, which carry expensive computation cost and storage overhead. In this paper, we firstly analyze the essential relationship between two state-of-the-art methods (Ranking-CNN and DLDL) and show that the Ranking method is in fact learning label distribution implicitly. This result thus firstly unifies two existing popular state-of-the-art methods into the DLDL framework. Second, in order to alleviate the inconsistency and reduce resource consumption, we design a lightweight network architecture and propose a unified framework which can jointly learn facial attribute distribution and regress attribute value. The effectiveness of our approach has been demonstrated on both facial age and attractiveness estimation tasks. Our method achieves new state-of-the-art results using the single model with 36$\times$(6$\times$) fewer parameters and 2.6$\times$(2.1$\times$) faster inference speed on facial age (attractiveness) estimation. Moreover, our method can achieve comparable results as the state-of-the-art even though the number of parameters is further reduced to 0.9M (3.8MB disk storage).      
### 7.End-to-end Interpretable Learning of Non-blind Image Deblurring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01769.pdf)
>  Non-blind image deblurring is typically formulated as a linear least-squares problem regularized by natural priors on the corresponding sharp picture's gradients, which can be solved, for example, using a half-quadratic splitting method with Richardson fixed-point iterations for its least-squares updates and a proximal operator for the auxiliary variable updates. We propose to precondition the Richardson solver using approximate inverse filters of the (known) blur and natural image prior kernels. Using convolutions instead of a generic linear preconditioner allows extremely efficient parameter sharing across the image, and leads to significant gains in accuracy and/or speed compared to classical FFT and conjugate-gradient methods. More importantly, the proposed architecture is easily adapted to learning both the preconditioner and the proximal operator using CNN embeddings. This yields a simple and efficient algorithm for non-blind image deblurring which is fully interpretable, can be learned end to end, and whose accuracy matches or exceeds the state of the art, quite significantly, in the non-uniform case.      
### 8.Explainable Deep One-Class Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01760.pdf)
>  Deep one-class classification variants for anomaly detection learn a mapping that concentrates nominal samples in feature space causing anomalies to be mapped away. Because this transformation is highly non-linear, finding interpretations poses a significant challenge. In this paper we present an explainable deep one-class classification method, Fully Convolutional Data Description (FCDD), where the mapped samples are themselves also an explanation heatmap. FCDD yields competitive detection performance and provides reasonable explanations on common anomaly detection benchmarks with CIFAR-10 and ImageNet. On MVTec-AD, a recent manufacturing dataset offering ground-truth anomaly maps, FCDD meets the state of the art in an unsupervised setting, and outperforms its competitors in a semi-supervised setting. Finally, using FCDD's explanations we demonstrate the vulnerability of deep one-class classification models to spurious image features such as image watermarks.      
### 9.Collaborative Learning for Faster StyleGAN Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01758.pdf)
>  The latent code of the recent popular model StyleGAN has learned disentangled representations thanks to the multi-layer style-based generator. Embedding a given image back to the latent space of StyleGAN enables wide interesting semantic image editing applications. Although previous works are able to yield impressive inversion results based on an optimization framework, which however suffers from the efficiency issue. In this work, we propose a novel collaborative learning framework that consists of an efficient embedding network and an optimization-based iterator. On one hand, with the progress of training, the embedding network gives a reasonable latent code initialization for the iterator. On the other hand, the updated latent code from the iterator in turn supervises the embedding network. In the end, high-quality latent code can be obtained efficiently with a single forward pass through our embedding network. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our work.      
### 10.Multi-Label Image Recognition with Multi-Class Attentional Regions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01755.pdf)
>  Multi-label image recognition is a practical and challenging task compared to single-label image classification. However, previous works may be suboptimal because of a great number of object proposals or complex attentional region generation modules. In this paper, we propose a simple but efficient two-stream framework to recognize multi-category objects from global image to local regions, similar to how human beings perceive objects. To bridge the gap between global and local streams, we propose a multi-class attentional region module which aims to make the number of attentional regions as small as possible and keep the diversity of these regions as high as possible. Our method can efficiently and effectively recognize multi-class objects with an affordable computation cost and a parameter-free region localization module. Over three benchmarks on multi-label image classification, we create new state-of-the-art results with a single model only using image semantics without label dependency. In addition, the effectiveness of the proposed method is extensively demonstrated under different factors such as global pooling strategy, input size and network architecture.      
### 11.Video Prediction via Example Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01738.pdf)
>  In video prediction tasks, one major challenge is to capture the multi-modal nature of future contents and dynamics. In this work, we propose a simple yet effective framework that can efficiently predict plausible future states. The key insight is that the potential distribution of a sequence could be approximated with analogous ones in a repertoire of training pool, namely, expert examples. By further incorporating a novel optimization scheme into the training procedure, plausible predictions can be sampled efficiently from distribution constructed from the retrieved examples. Meanwhile, our method could be seamlessly integrated with existing stochastic predictive models; significant enhancement is observed with comprehensive experiments in both quantitative and qualitative aspects. We also demonstrate the generalization ability to predict the motion of unseen class, i.e., without access to corresponding data during training phase.      
### 12.Deep Fence Estimation using Stereo Guidance and Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01724.pdf)
>  People capture memorable images of events and exhibits that are often occluded by a wire mesh loosely termed as fence. Recent works in removing fence have limited performance due to the difficulty in initial fence segmentation. This work aims to accurately segment fence using a novel fence guidance mask (FM) generated from stereo image pair. This binary guidance mask contains deterministic cues about the structure of fence and is given as additional input to the deep fence estimation model. We also introduce a directional connectivity loss (DCL), which is used alongside adversarial loss to precisely detect thin wires. Experimental results obtained on real world scenarios demonstrate the superiority of proposed method over state-of-the-art techniques.      
### 13.Synergistic saliency and depth prediction for RGB-D saliency detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01711.pdf)
>  Depth information available from an RGB-D camera can be useful in segmenting salient objects when figure/ground cues from RGB channels are weak. This has motivated the development of several RGB-D saliency datasets and algorithms that use all four channels of the RGB-D data for both training and inference. Unfortunately, existing RGB-D saliency datasets are small, leading to overfitting and poor generalization. Here we demonstrate a system for RGB-D saliency detection that makes effective joint use of large RGB saliency datasets with hand-labelled saliency ground truth together, and smaller RGB-D saliency datasets {\em without} saliency ground truth. This novel prediction-guided cross-refinement network is trained to jointly estimate both saliency and depth, allowing mutual refinement between feature representations tuned for the two respective tasks. An adversarial stage resolves domain shift between RGB and RGB-D saliency datasets, allowing representations for saliency and depth estimation to be aligned on either. Critically, our system does not require saliency ground-truth for the RGB-D datasets, making it easier to expand these datasets for training, and does not require the D channel for inference, allowing the method to be used for the much broader range of applications where only RGB data are available. Evaluation on seven RGBD datasets demonstrates that, without using hand-labelled saliency ground truth for RGB-D datasets and using only the RGB channels of these datasets at inference, our system achieves performance that is comparable to state-of-the-art methods that use hand-labelled saliency maps for RGB-D data at training and use the depth channels of these datasets at inference.      
### 14.Improving auto-encoder novelty detection using channel attention and entropy minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01682.pdf)
>  Novelty detection is a important research area which mainly solves the classification problem of inliers which usually consists of normal samples and outliers composed of abnormal samples. We focus on the role of auto-encoder in novelty detection and further improved the performance of such methods based on auto-encoder through two main contributions. Firstly, we introduce attention mechanism into novelty detection. Under the action of attention mechanism, auto-encoder can pay more attention to the representation of inlier samples through adversarial training. Secondly, we try to constrain the expression of the latent space by information entropy. Experimental results on three public datasets show that the proposed method has potential performance for novelty detection.      
### 15.Few-Shot Microscopy Image Cell Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01671.pdf)
>  Automatic cell segmentation in microscopy images works well with the support of deep neural networks trained with full supervision. Collecting and annotating images, though, is not a sustainable solution for every new microscopy database and cell type. Instead, we assume that we can access a plethora of annotated image data sets from different domains (sources) and a limited number of annotated image data sets from the domain of interest (target), where each domain denotes not only different image appearance but also a different type of cell segmentation problem. We pose this problem as meta-learning where the goal is to learn a generic and adaptable few-shot learning model from the available source domain data sets and cell segmentation tasks. The model can be afterwards fine-tuned on the few annotated images of the target domain that contains different image appearance and different cell type. In our meta-learning training, we propose the combination of three objective functions to segment the cells, move the segmentation results away from the classification boundary using cross-domain tasks, and learn an invariant representation between tasks of the source domains. Our experiments on five public databases show promising results from 1- to 10-shot meta-learning using standard segmentation neural network architectures.      
### 16.Complex Network Construction for Interactive Image Segmentation using Particle Competition and Cooperation: A New Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01625.pdf)
>  In the interactive image segmentation task, the Particle Competition and Cooperation (PCC) model is fed with a complex network, which is built from the input image. In the network construction phase, a weight vector is needed to define the importance of each element in the feature set, which consists of color and location information of the corresponding pixels, thus demanding a specialist's intervention. The present paper proposes the elimination of the weight vector through modifications in the network construction phase. The proposed model and the reference model, without the use of a weight vector, were compared using 151 images extracted from the Grabcut dataset, the PASCAL VOC dataset and the Alpha matting dataset. Each model was applied 30 times to each image to obtain an error average. These simulations resulted in an error rate of only 0.49\% when classifying pixels with the proposed model while the reference model had an error rate of 3.14\%. The proposed method also presented less error variation in the diversity of the evaluated images, when compared to the reference model.      
### 17.Balanced Symmetric Cross Entropy for Large Scale Imbalanced and Noisy Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01618.pdf)
>  Deep convolution neural network has attracted many attentions in large-scale visual classification task, and achieves significant performance improvement compared to traditional visual analysis methods. In this paper, we explore many kinds of deep convolution neural network architectures for large-scale product recognition task, which is heavily class-imbalanced and noisy labeled data, making it more challenged. Extensive experiments show that PNASNet achieves best performance among a variety of convolutional architectures. Together with ensemble technology and negative learning loss for noisy labeled data, we further improve the model performance on online test data. Finally, our proposed method achieves 0.1515 mean top-1 error on online test data.      
### 18.Weakly Supervised Temporal Action Localization with Segment-Level Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01598.pdf)
>  Temporal action localization presents a trade-off between test performance and annotation-time cost. Fully supervised methods achieve good performance with time-consuming boundary annotations. Weakly supervised methods with cheaper video-level category label annotations result in worse performance. In this paper, we introduce a new segment-level supervision setting: segments are labeled when annotators observe actions happening here. We incorporate this segment-level supervision along with a novel localization module in the training. Specifically, we devise a partial segment loss regarded as a loss sampling to learn integral action parts from labeled segments. Since the labeled segments are only parts of actions, the model tends to overfit along with the training process. To tackle this problem, we first obtain a similarity matrix from discriminative features guided by a sphere loss. Then, a propagation loss is devised based on the matrix to act as a regularization term, allowing implicit unlabeled segments propagation during training. Experiments validate that our method can outperform the video-level supervision methods with almost same the annotation time.      
### 19.Ground Truth Free Denoising by Optimal Transport  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01575.pdf)
>  We present a learned unsupervised denoising method for arbitrary types of data, which we explore on images and one-dimensional signals. The training is solely based on samples of noisy data and examples of noise, which -- critically -- do not need to come in pairs. We only need the assumption that the noise is independent and additive (although we describe how this can be extended). The method rests on a Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Network setting, which utilizes two critics and one generator.      
### 20.Domain Adaptive Object Detection via Asymmetric Tri-way Faster-RCNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01571.pdf)
>  Conventional object detection models inevitably encounter a performance drop as the domain disparity exists. Unsupervised domain adaptive object detection is proposed recently to reduce the disparity between domains, where the source domain is label-rich while the target domain is label-agnostic. The existing models follow a parameter shared siamese structure for adversarial domain alignment, which, however, easily leads to the collapse and out-of-control risk of the source domain and brings negative impact to feature adaption. The main reason is that the labeling unfairness (asymmetry) between source and target makes the parameter sharing mechanism unable to adapt. Therefore, in order to avoid the source domain collapse risk caused by parameter sharing, we propose an asymmetric tri-way Faster-RCNN (ATF) for domain adaptive object detection. Our ATF model has two distinct merits: 1) A ancillary net supervised by source label is deployed to learn ancillary target features and simultaneously preserve the discrimination of source domain, which enhances the structural discrimination (object classification vs. bounding box regression) of domain alignment. 2) The asymmetric structure consisting of a chief net and an independent ancillary net essentially overcomes the parameter sharing aroused source risk collapse. The adaption safety of the proposed ATF detector is guaranteed. Extensive experiments on a number of datasets, including Cityscapes, Foggy-cityscapes, KITTI, Sim10k, Pascal VOC, Clipart and Watercolor, demonstrate the SOTA performance of our method.      
### 21.Surrogate-assisted Particle Swarm Optimisation for Evolving Variable-length Transferable Blocks for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01556.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks have demonstrated promising performance on image classification tasks, but the manual design process becomes more and more complex due to the fast depth growth and the increasingly complex topologies of convolutional neural networks. As a result, neural architecture search has emerged to automatically design convolutional neural networks that outperform handcrafted counterparts. However, the computational cost is immense, e.g. 22,400 GPU-days and 2,000 GPU-days for two outstanding neural architecture search works named NAS and NASNet, respectively, which motivates this work. A new effective and efficient surrogate-assisted particle swarm optimisation algorithm is proposed to automatically evolve convolutional neural networks. This is achieved by proposing a novel surrogate model, a new method of creating a surrogate dataset and a new encoding strategy to encode variable-length blocks of convolutional neural networks, all of which are integrated into a particle swarm optimisation algorithm to form the proposed method. The proposed method shows its effectiveness by achieving competitive error rates of 3.49% on the CIFAR-10 dataset, 18.49% on the CIFAR-100 dataset, and 1.82% on the SVHN dataset. The convolutional neural network blocks are efficiently learned by the proposed method from CIFAR-10 within 3 GPU-days due to the acceleration achieved by the surrogate model and the surrogate dataset to avoid the training of 80.1% of convolutional neural network blocks represented by the particles. Without any further search, the evolved blocks from CIFAR-10 can be successfully transferred to CIFAR-100 and SVHN, which exhibits the transferability of the block learned by the proposed method.      
### 22.Segment as Points for Efficient Online Multi-Object Tracking and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01550.pdf)
>  Current multi-object tracking and segmentation (MOTS) methods follow the tracking-by-detection paradigm and adopt convolutions for feature extraction. However, as affected by the inherent receptive field, convolution based feature extraction inevitably mixes up the foreground features and the background features, resulting in ambiguities in the subsequent instance association. In this paper, we propose a highly effective method for learning instance embeddings based on segments by converting the compact image representation to un-ordered 2D point cloud representation. Our method generates a new tracking-by-points paradigm where discriminative instance embeddings are learned from randomly selected points rather than images. Furthermore, multiple informative data modalities are converted into point-wise representations to enrich point-wise features. The resulting online MOTS framework, named PointTrack, surpasses all the state-of-the-art methods including 3D tracking methods by large margins (5.4% higher MOTSA and 18 times faster over MOTSFusion) with the near real-time speed (22 FPS). Evaluations across three datasets demonstrate both the effectiveness and efficiency of our method. Moreover, based on the observation that current MOTS datasets lack crowded scenes, we build a more challenging MOTS dataset named APOLLO MOTS with higher instance density. Both APOLLO MOTS and our codes are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/detectRecog/PointTrack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.PointTrack++ for Effective Online Multi-Object Tracking and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01549.pdf)
>  Multiple-object tracking and segmentation (MOTS) is a novel computer vision task that aims to jointly perform multiple object tracking (MOT) and instance segmentation. In this work, we present PointTrack++, an effective on-line framework for MOTS, which remarkably extends our recently proposed PointTrack framework. To begin with, PointTrack adopts an efficient one-stage framework for instance segmentation, and learns instance embeddings by converting compact image representations to un-ordered 2D point cloud. Compared with PointTrack, our proposed PointTrack++ offers three major improvements. Firstly, in the instance segmentation stage, we adopt a semantic segmentation decoder trained with focal loss to improve the instance selection quality. Secondly, to further boost the segmentation performance, we propose a data augmentation strategy by copy-and-paste instances into training images. Finally, we introduce a better training strategy in the instance association stage to improve the distinguishability of learned instance embeddings. The resulting framework achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the 5th BMTT MOTChallenge.      
### 24.Multiple Instance-Based Video Anomaly Detection using Deep Temporal Encoding-Decoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01548.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a weakly supervised deep temporal encoding-decoding solution for anomaly detection in surveillance videos using multiple instance learning. The proposed approach uses both abnormal and normal video clips during the training phase which is developed in the multiple instance framework where we treat video as a bag and video clips as instances in the bag. Our main contribution lies in the proposed novel approach to consider temporal relations between video instances. We deal with video instances (clips) as a sequential visual data rather than independent instances. We employ a deep temporal and encoder network that is designed to capture spatial-temporal evolution of video instances over time. We also propose a new loss function that is smoother than similar loss functions recently presented in the computer vision literature, and therefore; enjoys faster convergence and improved tolerance to local minima during the training phase. The proposed temporal encoding-decoding approach with modified loss is benchmarked against the state-of-the-art in simulation studies. The results show that the proposed method performs similar to or better than the state-of-the-art solutions for anomaly detection in video surveillance applications.      
### 25.Multiple Expert Brainstorming for Domain Adaptive Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01546.pdf)
>  Often the best performing deep neural models are ensembles of multiple base-level networks, nevertheless, ensemble learning with respect to domain adaptive person re-ID remains unexplored. In this paper, we propose a multiple expert brainstorming network (MEB-Net) for domain adaptive person re-ID, opening up a promising direction about model ensemble problem under unsupervised conditions. MEB-Net adopts a mutual learning strategy, where multiple networks with different architectures are pre-trained within a source domain as expert models equipped with specific features and knowledge, while the adaptation is then accomplished through brainstorming (mutual learning) among expert models. MEB-Net accommodates the heterogeneity of experts learned with different architectures and enhances discrimination capability of the adapted re-ID model, by introducing a regularization scheme about authority of experts. Extensive experiments on large-scale datasets (Market-1501 and DukeMTMC-reID) demonstrate the superior performance of MEB-Net over the state-of-the-arts.      
### 26.Domain Adaptation without Source Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01524.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation assumes that samples from source and target domains are freely accessible during a training phase. However, such an assumption is rarely plausible in real cases and possibly causes data-privacy issues, especially when the label of the source domain can be a sensitive attribute as an identifier. To avoid accessing source data which may contain sensitive information, we introduce source data-free domain adaptation (SFDA). Our key idea is to leverage a pre-trained model from the source domain and progressively update the target model in a self-learning manner. We observe that target samples with lower self-entropy measured by the pre-trained source model are more likely to be classified correctly. From this, we select the reliable samples with the self-entropy criterion and define these as class prototypes. We then assign pseudo labels for every target sample based on the similarity score with class prototypes. Further, to reduce the uncertainty from the pseudo labeling process, we propose set-to-set distance-based filtering which does not require any tunable hyperparameters. Finally, we train the target model with the filtered pseudo labels with regularization from the pre-trained source model. Surprisingly, without direct usage of labeled source samples, our SFDA outperforms conventional domain adaptation methods on benchmark datasets. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/youngryan1993/SFDA-Domain-Adaptation-without-Source-Data" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Three-dimensional Human Tracking of a Mobile Robot by Fusion of Tracking Results of Two Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01514.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a process that uses two cameras to obtain three-dimensional (3D) information of a target object for human tracking. Results of human detection and tracking from two cameras are integrated to obtain the 3D information. OpenPose is used for human detection. In the case of a general processing a stereo camera, a range image of the entire scene is acquired as precisely as possible, and then the range image is processed. However, there are problems such as incorrect matching and computational cost for the calibration process. A new stereo vision framework is proposed to cope with the problems. The effectiveness of the proposed framework and the method is verified through target-tracking experiments.      
### 28.A Similarity Inference Metric for RGB-Infrared Cross-Modality Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01504.pdf)
>  RGB-Infrared (IR) cross-modality person re-identification (re-ID), which aims to search an IR image in RGB gallery or vice versa, is a challenging task due to the large discrepancy between IR and RGB modalities. Existing methods address this challenge typically by aligning feature distributions or image styles across modalities, whereas the very useful similarities among gallery samples of the same modality (i.e. intra-modality sample similarities) is largely neglected. This paper presents a novel similarity inference metric (SIM) that exploits the intra-modality sample similarities to circumvent the cross-modality discrepancy targeting optimal cross-modality image matching. SIM works by successive similarity graph reasoning and mutual nearest-neighbor reasoning that mine cross-modality sample similarities by leveraging intra-modality sample similarities from two different perspectives. Extensive experiments over two cross-modality re-ID datasets (SYSU-MM01 and RegDB) show that SIM achieves significant accuracy improvement but with little extra training as compared with the state-of-the-art.      
### 29.A Competence-aware Curriculum for Visual Concepts Learning via Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01499.pdf)
>  Humans can progressively learn visual concepts from easy to hard questions. To mimic this efficient learning ability, we propose a competence-aware curriculum for visual concept learning in a question-answering manner. Specifically, we design a neural-symbolic concept learner for learning the visual concepts and a multi-dimensional Item Response Theory (mIRT) model for guiding the learning process with an adaptive curriculum. The mIRT effectively estimates the concept difficulty and the model competence at each learning step from accumulated model responses. The estimated concept difficulty and model competence are further utilized to select the most profitable training samples. Experimental results on CLEVR show that with a competence-aware curriculum, the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performances with superior data efficiency and convergence speed. Specifically, the proposed model only uses 40% of training data and converges three times faster compared with other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 30.Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation Augmented with Image-Level Weak Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01496.pdf)
>  Despite the great progress made by deep neural networks in the semantic segmentation task, traditional neural network-based methods typically suffer from a shortage of large amounts of pixel-level annotations. Recent progress in few-shot semantic segmentation tackles the issue by utilizing only a few pixel-level annotated examples. However, these few-shot approaches cannot easily be applied to utilize image-level weak annotations, which can easily be obtained and considerably improve performance in the semantic segmentation task. In this paper, we advance the few-shot segmentation paradigm towards a scenario where image-level annotations are available to help the training process of a few pixel-level annotations. Specifically, we propose a new framework to learn the class prototype representation in the metric space by integrating image-level annotations. Furthermore, a soft masked average pooling strategy is designed to handle distractions in image-level annotations. Extensive empirical results on PASCAL-5i show that our method can achieve 5.1% and 8.2% increases of mIoU score for one-shot settings with pixel-level and scribble annotations, respectively.      
### 31.Learning to Prune in Training via Dynamic Channel Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01486.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel network training mechanism called "dynamic channel propagation" to prune the neural networks during the training period. In particular, we pick up a specific group of channels in each convolutional layer to participate in the forward propagation in training time according to the significance level of channel, which is defined as channel utility. The utility values with respect to all selected channels are updated simultaneously with the error back-propagation process and will adaptively change. Furthermore, when the training ends, channels with high utility values are retained whereas those with low utility values are discarded. Hence, our proposed scheme trains and prunes neural networks simultaneously. We empirically evaluate our novel training scheme on various representative benchmark datasets and advanced convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures, including VGGNet and ResNet. The experiment results verify the superior performance and robust effectiveness of our approach.      
### 32.RSAC: Regularized Subspace Approximation Classifier for Lightweight Continuous Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01480.pdf)
>  Continuous learning seeks to perform the learning on the data that arrives from time to time. While prior works have demonstrated several possible solutions, these approaches require excessive training time as well as memory usage. This is impractical for applications where time and storage are constrained, such as edge computing. In this work, a novel training algorithm, regularized subspace approximation classifier (RSAC), is proposed to achieve lightweight continuous learning. RSAC contains a feature reduction module and classifier module with regularization. Extensive experiments show that RSAC is more efficient than prior continuous learning works and outperforms these works on various experimental settings.      
### 33.Interactive Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01476.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation is a standard teacher-student learning framework to train a light-weight student network under the guidance of a well-trained large teacher network. As an effective teaching strategy, interactive teaching has been widely employed at school to motivate students, in which teachers not only provide knowledge but also give constructive feedback to students upon their responses, to improve their learning performance. In this work, we propose an InterActive Knowledge Distillation (IAKD) scheme to leverage the interactive teaching strategy for efficient knowledge distillation. In the distillation process, the interaction between teacher and student networks is implemented by a swapping-in operation: randomly replacing the blocks in the student network with the corresponding blocks in the teacher network. In the way, we directly involve the teacher's powerful feature transformation ability to largely boost the student's performance. Experiments with typical settings of teacher-student networks demonstrate that the student networks trained by our IAKD achieve better performance than those trained by conventional knowledge distillation methods on diverse image classification datasets.      
### 34.ODE-CNN: Omnidirectional Depth Extension Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01475.pdf)
>  Omnidirectional 360° camera proliferates rapidly for autonomous robots since it significantly enhances the perception ability by widening the field of view(FoV). However, corresponding 360° depth sensors, which are also critical for the perception system, are still difficult or expensive to have. In this paper, we propose a low-cost 3D sensing system that combines an omnidirectional camera with a calibrated projective depth camera, where the depth from the limited FoV can be automatically extended to the rest of the recorded omnidirectional image. To accurately recover the missing depths, we design an omnidirectional depth extension convolutional neural network(ODE-CNN), in which a spherical feature transform layer(SFTL) is embedded at the end of feature encoding layers, and a deformable convolutional spatial propagation network(D-CSPN) is appended at the end of feature decoding layers. The former resamples the neighborhood of each pixel in the omnidirectional coordination to the projective coordination, which reduces the difficulty of feature learning, and the later automatically finds a proper context to well align the structures in the estimated depths via CNN w.r.t. the reference image, which significantly improves the visual quality. Finally, we demonstrate the effectiveness of proposed ODE-CNN over the popular 360D dataset and show that ODE-CNN significantly outperforms (relatively 33% reduction in-depth error) other state-of-the-art (SoTA) methods.      
### 35.Task-agnostic Temporally Consistent Facial Video Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01466.pdf)
>  Recent research has witnessed the advances in facial image editing tasks. For video editing, however, previous methods either simply apply transformations frame by frame or utilize multiple frames in a concatenated or iterative fashion, which leads to noticeable visual flickers. In addition, these methods are confined to dealing with one specific task at a time without any extensibility. In this paper, we propose a task-agnostic temporally consistent facial video editing framework. Based on a 3D reconstruction model, our framework is designed to handle several editing tasks in a more unified and disentangled manner. The core design includes a dynamic training sample selection mechanism and a novel 3D temporal loss constraint that fully exploits both image and video datasets and enforces temporal consistency. Compared with the state-of-the-art facial image editing methods, our framework generates video portraits that are more photo-realistic and temporally smooth.      
### 36.Anatomy-Aware Siamese Network: Exploiting Semantic Asymmetry for Accurate Pelvic Fracture Detection in X-ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01464.pdf)
>  Visual cues of enforcing bilaterally symmetric anatomies as normal findings are widely used in clinical practice to disambiguate subtle abnormalities from medical images. So far, inadequate research attention has been received on effectively emulating this practice in CAD methods. In this work, we exploit semantic anatomical symmetry or asymmetry analysis in a complex CAD scenario, i.e., anterior pelvic fracture detection in trauma PXRs, where semantically pathological (refer to as fracture) and non-pathological (e.g., pose) asymmetries both occur. Visually subtle yet pathologically critical fracture sites can be missed even by experienced clinicians, when limited diagnosis time is permitted in emergency care. We propose a novel fracture detection framework that builds upon a Siamese network enhanced with a spatial transformer layer to holistically analyze symmetric image features. Image features are spatially formatted to encode bilaterally symmetric anatomies. A new contrastive feature learning component in our Siamese network is designed to optimize the deep image features being more salient corresponding to the underlying semantic asymmetries (caused by pelvic fracture occurrences). Our proposed method have been extensively evaluated on 2,359 PXRs from unique patients (the largest study to-date), and report an area under ROC curve score of 0.9771. This is the highest among state-of-the-art fracture detection methods, with improved clinical indications.      
### 37.Joint Frequency- and Image-Space Learning for Fourier Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01441.pdf)
>  We propose a neural network layer structure that combines frequency and image feature representations for robust Fourier image reconstruction. Our work is motivated by the challenges in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) where the acquired signal is a corrupted Fourier transform of the desired image. The proposed layer structure enables both correction of artifacts native to the frequency-space and manipulation of image-space representations to reconstruct coherent image structures. This is in contrast to the current deep learning approaches for image reconstruction that manipulate data solely in the frequency-space or solely in the image-space. We demonstrate the advantages of the proposed joint learning on three diverse tasks including image reconstruction from undersampled acquisitions, motion correction, and image denoising in brain MRI. Unlike purely image based and purely frequency based architectures, the proposed joint model produces consistently high quality output images. The resulting joint frequency- and image-space feature representations promise to significantly improve modeling and reconstruction of images acquired in the frequency-space. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nalinimsingh/interlacer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Learning Orientation Distributions for Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01418.pdf)
>  For robots to operate robustly in the real world, they should be aware of their uncertainty. However, most methods for object pose estimation return a single point estimate of the object's pose. In this work, we propose two learned methods for estimating a distribution over an object's orientation. Our methods take into account both the inaccuracies in the pose estimation as well as the object symmetries. Our first method, which regresses from deep learned features to an isotropic Bingham distribution, gives the best performance for orientation distribution estimation for non-symmetric objects. Our second method learns to compare deep features and generates a non-parameteric histogram distribution. This method gives the best performance on objects with unknown symmetries, accurately modeling both symmetric and non-symmetric objects, without any requirement of symmetry annotation. We show that both of these methods can be used to augment an existing pose estimator. Our evaluation compares our methods to a large number of baseline approaches for uncertainty estimation across a variety of different types of objects.      
### 39.D-NetPAD: An Explainable and Interpretable Iris Presentation Attack Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01381.pdf)
>  An iris recognition system is vulnerable to presentation attacks, or PAs, where an adversary presents artifacts such as printed eyes, plastic eyes, or cosmetic contact lenses to circumvent the system. In this work, we propose an effective and robust iris PA detector called D-NetPAD based on the DenseNet convolutional neural network architecture. It demonstrates generalizability across PA artifacts, sensors and datasets. Experiments conducted on a proprietary dataset and a publicly available dataset (LivDet-2017) substantiate the effectiveness of the proposed method for iris PA detection. The proposed method results in a true detection rate of 98.58\% at a false detection rate of 0.2\% on the proprietary dataset and outperfoms state-of-the-art methods on the LivDet-2017 dataset. We visualize intermediate feature distributions and fixation heatmaps using t-SNE plots and Grad-CAM, respectively, in order to explain the performance of D-NetPAD. Further, we conduct a frequency analysis to explain the nature of features being extracted by the network. The source code and trained model are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/iPRoBe-lab/D-NetPAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.Low-Power Object Counting with Hierarchical Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01369.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) can achieve state-of-the-art accuracy in many computer vision tasks, such as object counting. Object counting takes two inputs: an image and an object query and reports the number of occurrences of the queried object. To achieve high accuracy on such tasks, DNNs require billions of operations, making them difficult to deploy on resource-constrained, low-power devices. Prior work shows that a significant number of DNN operations are redundant and can be eliminated without affecting the accuracy. To reduce these redundancies, we propose a hierarchical DNN architecture for object counting. This architecture uses a Region Proposal Network (RPN) to propose regions-of-interest (RoIs) that may contain the queried objects. A hierarchical classifier then efficiently finds the RoIs that actually contain the queried objects. The hierarchy contains groups of visually similar object categories. Small DNNs are used at each node of the hierarchy to classify between these groups. The RoIs are incrementally processed by the hierarchical classifier. If the object in an RoI is in the same group as the queried object, then the next DNN in the hierarchy processes the RoI further; otherwise, the RoI is discarded. By using a few small DNNs to process each image, this method reduces the memory requirement, inference time, energy consumption, and number of operations with negligible accuracy loss when compared with the existing object counters.      
### 41.Trace-Norm Adversarial Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01855.pdf)
>  White box adversarial perturbations are sought via iterative optimization algorithms most often minimizing an adversarial loss on a $l_p$ neighborhood of the original image, the so-called distortion set. Constraining the adversarial search with different norms results in disparately structured adversarial examples. Here we explore several distortion sets with structure-enhancing algorithms. These new structures for adversarial examples, yet pervasive in optimization, are for instance a challenge for adversarial theoretical certification which again provides only $l_p$ certificates. Because adversarial robustness is still an empirical field, defense mechanisms should also reasonably be evaluated against differently structured attacks. Besides, these structured adversarial perturbations may allow for larger distortions size than their $l_p$ counter-part while remaining imperceptible or perceptible as natural slight distortions of the image. Finally, they allow some control on the generation of the adversarial perturbation, like (localized) bluriness.      
### 42.Swoosh! Rattle! Thump! -- Actions that Sound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01851.pdf)
>  Truly intelligent agents need to capture the interplay of all their senses to build a rich physical understanding of their world. In robotics, we have seen tremendous progress in using visual and tactile perception; however, we have often ignored a key sense: sound. This is primarily due to the lack of data that captures the interplay of action and sound. In this work, we perform the first large-scale study of the interactions between sound and robotic action. To do this, we create the largest available sound-action-vision dataset with 15,000 interactions on 60 objects using our robotic platform Tilt-Bot. By tilting objects and allowing them to crash into the walls of a robotic tray, we collect rich four-channel audio information. Using this data, we explore the synergies between sound and action and present three key insights. First, sound is indicative of fine-grained object class information, e.g., sound can differentiate a metal screwdriver from a metal wrench. Second, sound also contains information about the causal effects of an action, i.e. given the sound produced, we can predict what action was applied to the object. Finally, object representations derived from audio embeddings are indicative of implicit physical properties. We demonstrate that on previously unseen objects, audio embeddings generated through interactions can predict forward models 24% better than passive visual embeddings. Project videos and data are at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://dhiraj100892.github.io/swoosh/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 43.AVP-SLAM: Semantic Visual Mapping and Localization for Autonomous Vehicles in the Parking Lot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01813.pdf)
>  Autonomous valet parking is a specific application for autonomous vehicles. In this task, vehicles need to navigate in narrow, crowded and GPS-denied parking lots. Accurate localization ability is of great importance. Traditional visual-based methods suffer from tracking lost due to texture-less regions, repeated structures, and appearance changes. In this paper, we exploit robust semantic features to build the map and localize vehicles in parking lots. Semantic features contain guide signs, parking lines, speed bumps, etc, which typically appear in parking lots. Compared with traditional features, these semantic features are long-term stable and robust to the perspective and illumination change. We adopt four surround-view cameras to increase the perception range. Assisting by an IMU (Inertial Measurement Unit) and wheel encoders, the proposed system generates a global visual semantic map. This map is further used to localize vehicles at the centimeter level. We analyze the accuracy and recall of our system and compare it against other methods in real experiments. Furthermore, we demonstrate the practicability of the proposed system by the autonomous parking application.      
### 44.Continuously Indexed Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01807.pdf)
>  Existing domain adaptation focuses on transferring knowledge between domains with categorical indices (e.g., between datasets A and B). However, many tasks involve continuously indexed domains. For example, in medical applications, one often needs to transfer disease analysis and prediction across patients of different ages, where age acts as a continuous domain index. Such tasks are challenging for prior domain adaptation methods since they ignore the underlying relation among domains. <br>In this paper, we propose the first method for continuously indexed domain adaptation. Our approach combines traditional adversarial adaptation with a novel discriminator that models the encoding-conditioned domain index distribution. Our theoretical analysis demonstrates the value of leveraging the domain index to generate invariant features across a continuous range of domains. Our empirical results show that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art domain adaption methods on both synthetic and real-world medical datasets.      
### 45.HDR-GAN: HDR Image Reconstruction from Multi-Exposed LDR Images with Large Motions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01628.pdf)
>  Synthesizing high dynamic range (HDR) images from multiple low-dynamic range (LDR) exposures in dynamic scenes is challenging. There are two major problems caused by the large motions of foreground objects. One is the severe misalignment among the LDR images. The other is the missing content due to the over-/under-saturated regions caused by the moving objects, which may not be easily compensated for by the multiple LDR exposures. Thus, it requires the HDR generation model to be able to properly fuse the LDR images and restore the missing details without introducing artifacts. To address these two problems, we propose in this paper a novel GAN-based model, HDR-GAN, for synthesizing HDR images from multi-exposed LDR images. To our best knowledge, this work is the first GAN-based approach for fusing multi-exposed LDR images for HDR reconstruction. By incorporating adversarial learning, our method is able to produce faithful information in the regions with missing content. In addition, we also propose a novel generator network, with a reference-based residual merging block for aligning large object motions in the feature domain, and a deep HDR supervision scheme for eliminating artifacts of the reconstructed HDR images. Experimental results demonstrate that our model achieves state-of-the-art reconstruction performance over the prior HDR methods on diverse scenes.      
### 46.LOL: Lidar-Only Odometry and Localization in 3D Point Cloud Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01595.pdf)
>  In this paper we deal with the problem of odometry and localization for Lidar-equipped vehicles driving in urban environments, where a premade target map exists to localize against. In our problem formulation, to correct the accumulated drift of the Lidar-only odometry we apply a place recognition method to detect geometrically similar locations between the online 3D point cloud and the a priori offline map. In the proposed system, we integrate a state-of-the-art Lidar-only odometry algorithm with a recently proposed 3D point segment matching method by complementing their advantages. Also, we propose additional enhancements in order to reduce the number of false matches between the online point cloud and the target map, and to refine the position estimation error whenever a good match is detected. We demonstrate the utility of the proposed LOL system on several Kitti datasets of different lengths and environments, where the relocalization accuracy and the precision of the vehicle's trajectory were significantly improved in every case, while still being able to maintain real-time performance.      
### 47.Deep image prior for 3D magnetic particle imaging: A quantitative comparison of regularization techniques on Open MPI dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01593.pdf)
>  Magnetic particle imaging (MPI) is an imaging modality exploiting the nonlinear magnetization behavior of (super-)paramagnetic nanoparticles to obtain a space- and often also time-dependent concentration of a tracer consisting of these nanoparticles. MPI has a continuously increasing number of potential medical applications. One prerequisite for successful performance in these applications is a proper solution to the image reconstruction problem. More classical methods from inverse problems theory, as well as novel approaches from the field of machine learning, have the potential to deliver high-quality reconstructions in MPI. We investigate a novel reconstruction approach based on a deep image prior, which builds on representing the solution by a deep neural network. Novel approaches, as well as variational and iterative regularization techniques, are compared quantitatively in terms of peak signal-to-noise ratios and structural similarity indices on the publicly available Open MPI dataset.      
### 48.Self-supervised Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01500.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has been used recently to achieve improved performance in various tasks and most prominently in image classification. Yet, current search strategies rely on large labeled datasets, which limit their usage in the case where only a smaller fraction of the data is annotated. Self-supervised learning has shown great promise in training neural networks using unlabeled data. In this work, we propose a self-supervised neural architecture search (SSNAS) that allows finding novel network models without the need for labeled data. We show that such a search leads to comparable results to supervised training with a "fully labeled" NAS and that it can improve the performance of self-supervised learning. Moreover, we demonstrate the advantage of the proposed approach when the number of labels in the search is relatively small.      
### 49.Self-Supervised GAN Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01491.pdf)
>  Deep learning's success has led to larger and larger models to handle more and more complex tasks; trained models can contain millions of parameters. These large models are compute- and memory-intensive, which makes it a challenge to deploy them with minimized latency, throughput, and storage requirements. Some model compression methods have been successfully applied to image classification and detection or language models, but there has been very little work compressing generative adversarial networks (GANs) performing complex tasks. In this paper, we show that a standard model compression technique, weight pruning, cannot be applied to GANs using existing methods. We then develop a self-supervised compression technique which uses the trained discriminator to supervise the training of a compressed generator. We show that this framework has a compelling performance to high degrees of sparsity, can be easily applied to new tasks and models, and enables meaningful comparisons between different pruning granularities.      
### 50.Persistent Neurons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01419.pdf)
>  Most algorithms used in neural networks(NN)-based leaning tasks are strongly affected by the choices of initialization. Good initialization can avoid sub-optimal solutions and alleviate saturation during training. However, designing improved initialization strategies is a difficult task and our understanding of good initialization is still very primitive. Here, we propose persistent neurons, a strategy that optimizes the learning trajectory using information from previous converged solutions. More precisely, we let the parameters explore new landscapes by penalizing the model from converging to the previous solutions under the same initialization. Specifically, we show that persistent neurons, under certain data distribution, is able to converge to more optimal solutions while initializations under popular framework find bad local minima. We further demonstrate that persistent neurons helps improve the model's performance under both good and poor initializations. Moreover, we evaluate full and partial persistent model and show it can be used to boost the performance on a range of NN structures, such as AlexNet and residual neural network. Saturation of activation functions during persistent training is also studied.      
### 51.Learn Faster and Forget Slower via Fast and Stable Task Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01388.pdf)
>  Training Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) is still highly time-consuming and compute-intensive. It has been shown that adapting a pretrained model may significantly accelerate this process. With a focus on classification, we show that current fine-tuning techniques make the pretrained models catastrophically forget the transferred knowledge even before anything about the new task is learned. Such rapid knowledge loss undermines the merits of transfer learning and may result in a much slower convergence rate compared to when the maximum amount of knowledge is exploited. We investigate the source of this problem from different perspectives and to alleviate it, introduce Fast And Stable Task-adaptation (FAST), an easy to apply fine-tuning algorithm. The paper provides a novel geometric perspective on how the loss landscape of source and target tasks are linked in different transfer learning strategies. We empirically show that compared to prevailing fine-tuning practices, FAST learns the target task faster and forgets the source task slower. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fvarno/FAST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 52.Posterior Model Adaptation With Updated Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01386.pdf)
>  Classification approaches based on the direct estimation and analysis of posterior probabilities will degrade if the original class priors begin to change. We prove that a unique (up to scale) solution is possible to recover the data likelihoods for a test example from its original class posteriors and dataset priors. Given the recovered likelihoods and a set of new priors, the posteriors can be re-computed using Bayes' Rule to reflect the influence of the new priors. The method is simple to compute and allows a dynamic update of the original posteriors.      
### 53.Deep Interactive Learning: An Efficient Labeling Approach for Deep Learning-Based Osteosarcoma Treatment Response Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01383.pdf)
>  Osteosarcoma is the most common malignant primary bone tumor. Standard treatment includes pre-operative chemotherapy followed by surgical resection. The response to treatment as measured by ratio of necrotic tumor area to overall tumor area is a known prognostic factor for overall survival. This assessment is currently done manually by pathologists by looking at glass slides under the microscope which may not be reproducible due to its subjective nature. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can be used for automated segmentation of viable and necrotic tumor on osteosarcoma whole slide images. One bottleneck for supervised learning is that large amounts of accurate annotations are required for training which is a time-consuming and expensive process. In this paper, we describe Deep Interactive Learning (DIaL) as an efficient labeling approach for training CNNs. After an initial labeling step is done, annotators only need to correct mislabeled regions from previous segmentation predictions to improve the CNN model until the satisfactory predictions are achieved. Our experiments show that our CNN model trained by only 7 hours of annotation using DIaL can successfully estimate ratios of necrosis within expected inter-observer variation rate for non-standardized manual surgical pathology task.      
### 54.DATE: Defense Against TEmperature Side-Channel Attacks in DVFS Enabled MPSoCs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01377.pdf)
>  Given the constant rise in utilizing embedded devices in daily life, side channels remain a challenge to information flow control and security in such systems. One such important security flaw could be exploited through temperature side-channel attacks, where heat dissipation and propagation from the processing elements are observed over time in order to deduce security flaws. In our proposed methodology, DATE: Defense Against TEmperature side-channel attacks, we propose a novel approach of reducing spatial and temporal thermal gradient, which makes the system more secure against temperature side-channel attacks, and at the same time increases the reliability of the device in terms of lifespan. In this paper, we have also introduced a new metric, Thermal-Security-in-Multi-Processors (TSMP), which is capable of quantifying the security against temperature side-channel attacks on computing systems, and DATE is evaluated to be 139.24% more secure at the most for certain applications than the state-of-the-art, while reducing thermal cycle by 67.42% at the most.      
### 55.Decoder-free Robustness Disentanglement without (Additional) Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01356.pdf)
>  Adversarial Training (AT) is proposed to alleviate the adversarial vulnerability of machine learning models by extracting only robust features from the input, which, however, inevitably leads to severe accuracy reduction as it discards the non-robust yet useful features. This motivates us to preserve both robust and non-robust features and separate them with disentangled representation learning. Our proposed Adversarial Asymmetric Training (AAT) algorithm can reliably disentangle robust and non-robust representations without additional supervision on robustness. Empirical results show our method does not only successfully preserve accuracy by combining two representations, but also achieve much better disentanglement than previous work.      
### 56.Clustering of Electromagnetic Showers and Particle Interactions with Graph Neural Networks in Liquid Argon Time Projection Chambers Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01335.pdf)
>  Liquid Argon Time Projection Chambers (LArTPCs) are a class of detectors that produce high resolution images of charged particles within their sensitive volume. In these images, the clustering of distinct particles into superstructures is of central importance to the current and future neutrino physics program. Electromagnetic (EM) activity typically exhibits spatially detached fragments of varying morphology and orientation that are challenging to efficiently assemble using traditional algorithms. Similarly, particles that are spatially removed from each other in the detector may originate from a common interaction. Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) were developed in recent years to find correlations between objects embedded in an arbitrary space. GNNs are first studied with the goal of predicting the adjacency matrix of EM shower fragments and to identify the origin of showers, i.e. primary fragments. On the PILArNet public LArTPC simulation dataset, the algorithm developed in this paper achieves a shower clustering accuracy characterized by a mean adjusted Rand index (ARI) of 97.8 % and a primary identification accuracy of 99.8 %. It yields a relative shower energy resolution of $(4.1+1.4/\sqrt{E (\text{GeV})})\,\%$ and a shower direction resolution of $(2.1/\sqrt{E(\text{GeV})})^{\circ}$. The optimized GNN is then applied to the related task of clustering particle instances into interactions and yields a mean ARI of 99.2 % for an interaction density of $\sim\mathcal{O}(1)\,m^{-3}$.      
### 57.Learning-based Defect Recognition for Quasi-Periodic Microscope Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.01309.pdf)
>  The detailed control of crystalline material defects is a crucial process, as they affect properties of the material that may be detrimental or beneficial for the final performance of a device. Defect analysis on the sub-nanometer scale is enabled by high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM), where the identification of defects is currently carried out based on human expertise. However, the process is tedious, highly time consuming and, in some cases, can yield to ambiguous results. Here we propose a semi-supervised machine learning method that assists in the detection of lattice defects from atomic resolution microscope images. It involves a convolutional neural network that classifies image patches as defective or non-defective, a graph-based heuristic that chooses one non-defective patch as a model, and finally an automatically generated convolutional filter bank, which highlights symmetry breaking such as stacking faults, twin defects and grain boundaries. Additionally, a variance filter is suggested to segment amorphous regions and beam defects. The algorithm is tested on III-V/Si crystalline materials and successfully evaluated against different metrics, showing promising results even for extremely small data sets. By combining the data-driven classification generality, robustness and speed of deep learning with the effectiveness of image filters in segmenting faulty symmetry arrangements, we provide a valuable open-source tool to the microscopist community that can streamline future HRTEM analyses of crystalline materials.      
