# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 8 Sep 2021
### 1.Self-supervised Tumor Segmentation through Layer Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03230.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a self-supervised approach for tumor segmentation. Specifically, we advocate a zero-shot setting, where models from self-supervised learning should be directly applicable for the downstream task, without using any manual annotations whatsoever. We make the following contributions. First, with careful examination on existing self-supervised learning approaches, we reveal the surprising result that, given suitable data augmentation, models trained from scratch in fact achieve comparable performance to those pre-trained with self-supervised learning. Second, inspired by the fact that tumors tend to be characterized independently to the contexts, we propose a scalable pipeline for generating synthetic tumor data, and train a self-supervised model that minimises the generalisation gap with the downstream task. Third, we conduct extensive ablation studies on different downstream datasets, BraTS2018 for brain tumor segmentation and LiTS2017 for liver tumor segmentation. While evaluating the model transferability for tumor segmentation under a low-annotation regime, including an extreme case of zero-shot segmentation, the proposed approach demonstrates state-of-the-art performance, substantially outperforming all existing self-supervised approaches, and opening up the usage of self-supervised learning in practical scenarios.      
### 2.Rethinking Common Assumptions to Mitigate Racial Bias in Face Recognition Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03229.pdf)
>  Many existing works have made great strides towards reducing racial bias in face recognition. However, most of these methods attempt to rectify bias that manifests in models during training instead of directly addressing a major source of the bias, the dataset itself. Exceptions to this are BUPT-Balancedface/RFW and Fairface, but these works assume that primarily training on a single race or not racially balancing the dataset are inherently disadvantageous. We demonstrate that these assumptions are not necessarily valid. In our experiments, training on only African faces induced less bias than training on a balanced distribution of faces and distributions skewed to include more African faces produced more equitable models. We additionally notice that adding more images of existing identities to a dataset in place of adding new identities can lead to accuracy boosts across racial categories. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/j-alex-hanson/rethinking-race-face-datasets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 3.Rendezvous: Attention Mechanisms for the Recognition of Surgical Action Triplets in Endoscopic Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03223.pdf)
>  Out of all existing frameworks for surgical workflow analysis in endoscopic videos, action triplet recognition stands out as the only one aiming to provide truly fine-grained and comprehensive information on surgical activities. This information, presented as &lt;instrument, verb, target&gt; combinations, is highly challenging to be accurately identified. Triplet components can be difficult to recognize individually; in this task, it requires not only performing recognition simultaneously for all three triplet components, but also correctly establishing the data association between them. To achieve this task, we introduce our new model, the Rendezvous (RDV), which recognizes triplets directly from surgical videos by leveraging attention at two different levels. We first introduce a new form of spatial attention to capture individual action triplet components in a scene; called the Class Activation Guided Attention Mechanism (CAGAM). This technique focuses on the recognition of verbs and targets using activations resulting from instruments. To solve the association problem, our RDV model adds a new form of semantic attention inspired by Transformer networks. Using multiple heads of cross and self attentions, RDV is able to effectively capture relationships between instruments, verbs, and targets. We also introduce CholecT50 - a dataset of 50 endoscopic videos in which every frame has been annotated with labels from 100 triplet classes. Our proposed RDV model significantly improves the triplet prediction mAP by over 9% compared to the state-of-the-art methods on this dataset.      
### 4.nnFormer: Interleaved Transformer for Volumetric Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03201.pdf)
>  Transformers, the default model of choices in natural language processing, have drawn scant attention from the medical imaging community. Given the ability to exploit long-term dependencies, transformers are promising to help atypical convolutional neural networks (convnets) to overcome its inherent shortcomings of spatial inductive bias. However, most of recently proposed transformer-based segmentation approaches simply treated transformers as assisted modules to help encode global context into convolutional representations without investigating how to optimally combine self-attention (i.e., the core of transformers) with convolution. To address this issue, in this paper, we introduce nnFormer (i.e., Not-aNother transFormer), a powerful segmentation model with an interleaved architecture based on empirical combination of self-attention and convolution. In practice, nnFormer learns volumetric representations from 3D local volumes. Compared to the naive voxel-level self-attention implementation, such volume-based operations help to reduce the computational complexity by approximate 98% and 99.5% on Synapse and ACDC datasets, respectively. In comparison to prior-art network configurations, nnFormer achieves tremendous improvements over previous transformer-based methods on two commonly used datasets Synapse and ACDC. For instance, nnFormer outperforms Swin-UNet by over 7 percents on Synapse. Even when compared to nnUNet, currently the best performing fully-convolutional medical segmentation network, nnFormer still provides slightly better performance on Synapse and ACDC.      
### 5.Fair Comparison: Quantifying Variance in Resultsfor Fine-grained Visual Categorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03156.pdf)
>  For the task of image classification, researchers work arduously to develop the next state-of-the-art (SOTA) model, each bench-marking their own performance against that of their predecessors and of their peers. Unfortunately, the metric used most frequently to describe a model's performance, average categorization accuracy, is often used in isolation. As the number of classes increases, such as in fine-grained visual categorization (FGVC), the amount of information conveyed by average accuracy alone dwindles. While its most glaring weakness is its failure to describe the model's performance on a class-by-class basis, average accuracy also fails to describe how performance may vary from one trained model of the same architecture, on the same dataset, to another (both averaged across all categories and at the per-class level). We first demonstrate the magnitude of these variations across models and across class distributions based on attributes of the data, comparing results on different visual domains and different per-class image distributions, including long-tailed distributions and few-shot subsets. We then analyze the impact various FGVC methods have on overall and per-class variance. From this analysis, we both highlight the importance of reporting and comparing methods based on information beyond overall accuracy, as well as point out techniques that mitigate variance in FGVC results.      
### 6.PP-OCRv2: Bag of Tricks for Ultra Lightweight OCR System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03144.pdf)
>  Optical Character Recognition (OCR) systems have been widely used in various of application scenarios. Designing an OCR system is still a challenging task. In previous work, we proposed a practical ultra lightweight OCR system (PP-OCR) to balance the accuracy against the efficiency. In order to improve the accuracy of PP-OCR and keep high efficiency, in this paper, we propose a more robust OCR system, i.e. PP-OCRv2. We introduce bag of tricks to train a better text detector and a better text recognizer, which include Collaborative Mutual Learning (CML), CopyPaste, Lightweight CPUNetwork (LCNet), Unified-Deep Mutual Learning (U-DML) and Enhanced CTCLoss. Experiments on real data show that the precision of PP-OCRv2 is 7% higher than PP-OCR under the same inference cost. It is also comparable to the server models of the PP-OCR which uses ResNet series as backbones. All of the above mentioned models are open-sourced and the code is available in the GitHub repository PaddleOCR which is powered by PaddlePaddle.      
### 7.Smart Traffic Monitoring System using Computer Vision and Edge Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03141.pdf)
>  Traffic management systems capture tremendous video data and leverage advances in video processing to detect and monitor traffic incidents. The collected data are traditionally forwarded to the traffic management center (TMC) for in-depth analysis and may thus exacerbate the network paths to the TMC. To alleviate such bottlenecks, we propose to utilize edge computing by equipping edge nodes that are close to cameras with computing resources (e.g. cloudlets). A cloudlet, with limited computing resources as compared to TMC, provides limited video processing capabilities. In this paper, we focus on two common traffic monitoring tasks, congestion detection, and speed detection, and propose a two-tier edge computing based model that takes into account of both the limited computing capability in cloudlets and the unstable network condition to the TMC. Our solution utilizes two algorithms for each task, one implemented at the edge and the other one at the TMC, which are designed with the consideration of different computing resources. While the TMC provides strong computation power, the video quality it receives depends on the underlying network conditions. On the other hand, the edge processes very high-quality video but with limited computing resources. Our model captures this trade-off. We evaluate the performance of the proposed two-tier model as well as the traffic monitoring algorithms via test-bed experiments under different weather as well as network conditions and show that our proposed hybrid edge-cloud solution outperforms both the cloud-only and edge-only solutions.      
### 8.Support Vector Machine for Handwritten Character Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03081.pdf)
>  Handwriting recognition has been one of the most fascinating and challenging research areas in field of image processing and pattern recognition. It contributes enormously to the improvement of automation process. In this paper, a system for recognition of unconstrained handwritten Malayalam characters is proposed. A database of 10,000 character samples of 44 basic Malayalam characters is used in this work. A discriminate feature set of 64 local and 4 global features are used to train and test SVM classifier and achieved 92.24% accuracy      
### 9.Knowledge Distillation Using Hierarchical Self-Supervision Augmented Distribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03075.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) is an effective framework that aims to transfer meaningful information from a large teacher to a smaller student. Generally, KD often involves how to define and transfer knowledge. Previous KD methods often focus on mining various forms of knowledge, for example, feature maps and refined information. However, the knowledge is derived from the primary supervised task and thus is highly task-specific. Motivated by the recent success of self-supervised representation learning, we propose an auxiliary self-supervision augmented task to guide networks to learn more meaningful features. Therefore, we can derive soft self-supervision augmented distributions as richer dark knowledge from this task for KD. Unlike previous knowledge, this distribution encodes joint knowledge from supervised and self-supervised feature learning. Beyond knowledge exploration, another crucial aspect is how to learn and distill our proposed knowledge effectively. To fully take advantage of hierarchical feature maps, we propose to append several auxiliary branches at various hidden layers. Each auxiliary branch is guided to learn self-supervision augmented task and distill this distribution from teacher to student. Thus we call our KD method as Hierarchical Self-Supervision Augmented Knowledge Distillation (HSSAKD). Experiments on standard image classification show that both offline and online HSSAKD achieves state-of-the-art performance in the field of KD. Further transfer experiments on object detection further verify that HSSAKD can guide the network to learn better features, which can be attributed to learn and distill an auxiliary self-supervision augmented task effectively.      
### 10.Evaluation of an Audio-Video Multimodal Deepfake Dataset using Unimodal and Multimodal Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02993.pdf)
>  Significant advancements made in the generation of deepfakes have caused security and privacy issues. Attackers can easily impersonate a person's identity in an image by replacing his face with the target person's face. Moreover, a new domain of cloning human voices using deep-learning technologies is also emerging. Now, an attacker can generate realistic cloned voices of humans using only a few seconds of audio of the target person. With the emerging threat of potential harm deepfakes can cause, researchers have proposed deepfake detection methods. However, they only focus on detecting a single modality, i.e., either video or audio. On the other hand, to develop a good deepfake detector that can cope with the recent advancements in deepfake generation, we need to have a detector that can detect deepfakes of multiple modalities, i.e., videos and audios. To build such a detector, we need a dataset that contains video and respective audio deepfakes. We were able to find a most recent deepfake dataset, Audio-Video Multimodal Deepfake Detection Dataset (FakeAVCeleb), that contains not only deepfake videos but synthesized fake audios as well. We used this multimodal deepfake dataset and performed detailed baseline experiments using state-of-the-art unimodal, ensemble-based, and multimodal detection methods to evaluate it. We conclude through detailed experimentation that unimodals, addressing only a single modality, video or audio, do not perform well compared to ensemble-based methods. Whereas purely multimodal-based baselines provide the worst performance.      
### 11.Grassmannian Graph-attentional Landmark Selection for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02990.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation aims to leverage information from the source domain to improve the classification performance in the target domain. It mainly utilizes two schemes: sample reweighting and feature matching. While the first scheme allocates different weights to individual samples, the second scheme matches the feature of two domains using global structural statistics. The two schemes are complementary with each other, which are expected to jointly work for robust domain adaptation. Several methods combine the two schemes, but the underlying relationship of samples is insufficiently analyzed due to the neglect of the hierarchy of samples and the geometric properties between samples. To better combine the advantages of the two schemes, we propose a Grassmannian graph-attentional landmark selection (GGLS) framework for domain adaptation. GGLS presents a landmark selection scheme using attention-induced neighbors of the graphical structure of samples and performs distribution adaptation and knowledge adaptation over Grassmann manifold. the former treats the landmarks of each sample differently, and the latter avoids feature distortion and achieves better geometric properties. Experimental results on different real-world cross-domain visual recognition tasks demonstrate that GGLS provides better classification accuracies compared with state-of-the-art domain adaptation methods.      
### 12.FuseFormer: Fusing Fine-Grained Information in Transformers for Video Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02974.pdf)
>  Transformer, as a strong and flexible architecture for modelling long-range relations, has been widely explored in vision tasks. However, when used in video inpainting that requires fine-grained representation, existed method still suffers from yielding blurry edges in detail due to the hard patch splitting. Here we aim to tackle this problem by proposing FuseFormer, a Transformer model designed for video inpainting via fine-grained feature fusion based on novel Soft Split and Soft Composition operations. The soft split divides feature map into many patches with given overlapping interval. On the contrary, the soft composition operates by stitching different patches into a whole feature map where pixels in overlapping regions are summed up. These two modules are first used in tokenization before Transformer layers and de-tokenization after Transformer layers, for effective mapping between tokens and features. Therefore, sub-patch level information interaction is enabled for more effective feature propagation between neighboring patches, resulting in synthesizing vivid content for hole regions in videos. Moreover, in FuseFormer, we elaborately insert the soft composition and soft split into the feed-forward network, enabling the 1D linear layers to have the capability of modelling 2D structure. And, the sub-patch level feature fusion ability is further enhanced. In both quantitative and qualitative evaluations, our proposed FuseFormer surpasses state-of-the-art methods. We also conduct detailed analysis to examine its superiority.      
### 13.Unpaired Adversarial Learning for Single Image Deraining with Rain-Space Contrastive Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02973.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based single image deraining (SID) with unpaired information is of immense importance, as relying on paired synthetic data often limits their generality and scalability in real-world applications. However, we noticed that direct employ of unpaired adversarial learning and cycle-consistency constraints in the SID task is insufficient to learn the underlying relationship from rainy input to clean outputs, since the domain knowledge between rainy and rain-free images is asymmetrical. To address such limitation, we develop an effective unpaired SID method which explores mutual properties of the unpaired exemplars by a contrastive learning manner in a GAN framework, named as CDR-GAN. The proposed method mainly consists of two cooperative branches: Bidirectional Translation Branch (BTB) and Contrastive Guidance Branch (CGB). Specifically, BTB takes full advantage of the circulatory architecture of adversarial consistency to exploit latent feature distributions and guide transfer ability between two domains by equipping it with bidirectional mapping. Simultaneously, CGB implicitly constrains the embeddings of different exemplars in rain space by encouraging the similar feature distributions closer while pushing the dissimilar further away, in order to better help rain removal and image restoration. During training, we explore several loss functions to further constrain the proposed CDR-GAN. Extensive experiments show that our method performs favorably against existing unpaired deraining approaches on both synthetic and real-world datasets, even outperforms several fully-supervised or semi-supervised models.      
### 14.CovarianceNet: Conditional Generative Model for Correct Covariance Prediction in Human Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02965.pdf)
>  The correct characterization of uncertainty when predicting human motion is equally important as the accuracy of this prediction. We present a new method to correctly predict the uncertainty associated with the predicted distribution of future trajectories. Our approach, CovariaceNet, is based on a Conditional Generative Model with Gaussian latent variables in order to predict the parameters of a bi-variate Gaussian distribution. The combination of CovarianceNet with a motion prediction model results in a hybrid approach that outputs a uni-modal distribution. We will show how some state of the art methods in motion prediction become overconfident when predicting uncertainty, according to our proposed metric and validated in the ETH data-set \cite{pellegrini2009you}. CovarianceNet correctly predicts uncertainty, which makes our method suitable for applications that use predicted distributions, e.g., planning or decision making.      
### 15.Sensor-Augmented Egocentric-Video Captioning with Dynamic Modal Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02955.pdf)
>  Automatically describing video, or video captioning, has been widely studied in the multimedia field. This paper proposes a new task of sensor-augmented egocentric-video captioning, a newly constructed dataset for it called MMAC Captions, and a method for the newly proposed task that effectively utilizes multi-modal data of video and motion sensors, or inertial measurement units (IMUs). While conventional video captioning tasks have difficulty in dealing with detailed descriptions of human activities due to the limited view of a fixed camera, egocentric vision has greater potential to be used for generating the finer-grained descriptions of human activities on the basis of a much closer view. In addition, we utilize wearable-sensor data as auxiliary information to mitigate the inherent problems in egocentric vision: motion blur, self-occlusion, and out-of-camera-range activities. We propose a method for effectively utilizing the sensor data in combination with the video data on the basis of an attention mechanism that dynamically determines the modality that requires more attention, taking the contextual information into account. We compared the proposed sensor-fusion method with strong baselines on the MMAC Captions dataset and found that using sensor data as supplementary information to the egocentric-video data was beneficial, and that our proposed method outperformed the strong baselines, demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 16.Brand Label Albedo Extraction of eCommerce Products using Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02929.pdf)
>  In this paper we present our solution to extract albedo of branded labels for e-commerce products. To this end, we generate a large-scale photo-realistic synthetic data set for albedo extraction followed by training a generative model to translate images with diverse lighting conditions to albedo. We performed an extensive evaluation to test the generalisation of our method to in-the-wild images. From the experimental results, we observe that our solution generalises well compared to the existing method both in the unseen rendered images as well as in the wild image.      
### 17.Learning to Combine the Modalities of Language and Video for Temporal Moment Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02925.pdf)
>  Temporal moment localization aims to retrieve the best video segment matching a moment specified by a query. The existing methods generate the visual and semantic embeddings independently and fuse them without full consideration of the long-term temporal relationship between them. To address these shortcomings, we introduce a novel recurrent unit, cross-modal long short-term memory (CM-LSTM), by mimicking the human cognitive process of localizing temporal moments that focuses on the part of a video segment related to the part of a query, and accumulates the contextual information across the entire video recurrently. In addition, we devise a two-stream attention mechanism for both attended and unattended video features by the input query to prevent necessary visual information from being neglected. To obtain more precise boundaries, we propose a two-stream attentive cross-modal interaction network (TACI) that generates two 2D proposal maps obtained globally from the integrated contextual features, which are generated by using CM-LSTM, and locally from boundary score sequences and then combines them into a final 2D map in an end-to-end manner. On the TML benchmark dataset, ActivityNet-Captions, the TACI outperform state-of-the-art TML methods with R@1 of 45.50% and 27.23% for IoU@0.5 and IoU@0.7, respectively. In addition, we show that the revised state-of-the-arts methods by replacing the original LSTM with our CM-LSTM achieve performance gains.      
### 18.Fine-grained Hand Gesture Recognition in Multi-viewpoint Hand Hygiene  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02917.pdf)
>  This paper contributes a new high-quality dataset for hand gesture recognition in hand hygiene systems, named "MFH". Generally, current datasets are not focused on: (i) fine-grained actions; and (ii) data mismatch between different viewpoints, which are available under realistic settings. To address the aforementioned issues, the MFH dataset is proposed to contain a total of 731147 samples obtained by different camera views in 6 non-overlapping locations. Additionally, each sample belongs to one of seven steps introduced by the World Health Organization (WHO). As a minor contribution, inspired by advances in fine-grained image recognition and distribution adaptation, this paper recommends using the self-supervised learning method to handle these preceding problems. The extensive experiments on the benchmarking MFH dataset show that the introduced method yields competitive performance in both the Accuracy and the Macro F1-score. The code and the MFH dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/willogy-team/hand-gesture-recognition-smc2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.DeepFakes: Detecting Forged and Synthetic Media Content Using Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02874.pdf)
>  The rapid advancement in deep learning makes the differentiation of authentic and manipulated facial images and video clips unprecedentedly harder. The underlying technology of manipulating facial appearances through deep generative approaches, enunciated as DeepFake that have emerged recently by promoting a vast number of malicious face manipulation applications. Subsequently, the need of other sort of techniques that can assess the integrity of digital visual content is indisputable to reduce the impact of the creations of DeepFake. A large body of research that are performed on DeepFake creation and detection create a scope of pushing each other beyond the current status. This study presents challenges, research trends, and directions related to DeepFake creation and detection techniques by reviewing the notable research in the DeepFake domain to facilitate the development of more robust approaches that could deal with the more advance DeepFake in the future.      
### 20.Journalistic Guidelines Aware News Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02865.pdf)
>  The task of news article image captioning aims to generate descriptive and informative captions for news article images. Unlike conventional image captions that simply describe the content of the image in general terms, news image captions follow journalistic guidelines and rely heavily on named entities to describe the image content, often drawing context from the whole article they are associated with. In this work, we propose a new approach to this task, motivated by caption guidelines that journalists follow. Our approach, Journalistic Guidelines Aware News Image Captioning (JoGANIC), leverages the structure of captions to improve the generation quality and guide our representation design. Experimental results, including detailed ablation studies, on two large-scale publicly available datasets show that JoGANIC substantially outperforms state-of-the-art methods both on caption generation and named entity related metrics.      
### 21.ICCAD Special Session Paper: Quantum-Classical Hybrid Machine Learning for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02862.pdf)
>  Image classification is a major application domain for conventional deep learning (DL). Quantum machine learning (QML) has the potential to revolutionize image classification. In any typical DL-based image classification, we use convolutional neural network (CNN) to extract features from the image and multi-layer perceptron network (MLP) to create the actual decision boundaries. On one hand, QML models can be useful in both of these tasks. Convolution with parameterized quantum circuits (Quanvolution) can extract rich features from the images. On the other hand, quantum neural network (QNN) models can create complex decision boundaries. Therefore, Quanvolution and QNN can be used to create an end-to-end QML model for image classification. Alternatively, we can extract image features separately using classical dimension reduction techniques such as, Principal Components Analysis (PCA) or Convolutional Autoencoder (CAE) and use the extracted features to train a QNN. We review two proposals on quantum-classical hybrid ML models for image classification namely, Quanvolutional Neural Network and dimension reduction using a classical algorithm followed by QNN. Particularly, we make a case for trainable filters in Quanvolution and CAE-based feature extraction for image datasets (instead of dimension reduction using linear transformations such as, PCA). We discuss various design choices, potential opportunities, and drawbacks of these models. We also release a Python-based framework to create and explore these hybrid models with a variety of design choices.      
### 22.GCsT: Graph Convolutional Skeleton Transformer for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02860.pdf)
>  Graph convolutional networks (GCNs) achieve promising performance for skeleton-based action recognition. However, in most GCN-based methods, the spatial-temporal graph convolution is strictly restricted by the graph topology while only captures the short-term temporal context, thus lacking the flexibility of feature extraction. In this work, we present a novel architecture, named Graph Convolutional skeleton Transformer (GCsT), which addresses limitations in GCNs by introducing Transformer. Our GCsT employs all the benefits of Transformer (i.e. dynamical attention and global context) while keeps the advantages of GCNs (i.e. hierarchy and local topology structure). In GCsT, the spatial-temporal GCN forces the capture of local dependencies while Transformer dynamically extracts global spatial-temporal relationships. Furthermore, the proposed GCsT shows stronger expressive capability by adding additional information present in skeleton sequences. Incorporating the Transformer allows that information to be introduced into the model almost effortlessly. We validate the proposed GCsT by conducting extensive experiments, which achieves the state-of-the-art performance on NTU RGB+D, NTU RGB+D 120 and Northwestern-UCLA datasets.      
### 23.CIM: Class-Irrelevant Mapping for Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02840.pdf)
>  Few-shot classification (FSC) is one of the most concerned hot issues in recent years. The general setting consists of two phases: (1) Pre-train a feature extraction model (FEM) with base data (has large amounts of labeled samples). (2) Use the FEM to extract the features of novel data (with few labeled samples and totally different categories from base data), then classify them with the to-be-designed classifier. The adaptability of pre-trained FEM to novel data determines the accuracy of novel features, thereby affecting the final classification performances. To this end, how to appraise the pre-trained FEM is the most crucial focus in the FSC community. It sounds like traditional Class Activate Mapping (CAM) based methods can achieve this by overlaying weighted feature maps. However, due to the particularity of FSC (e.g., there is no backpropagation when using the pre-trained FEM to extract novel features), we cannot activate the feature map with the novel classes. To address this challenge, we propose a simple, flexible method, dubbed as Class-Irrelevant Mapping (CIM). Specifically, first, we introduce dictionary learning theory and view the channels of the feature map as the bases in a dictionary. Then we utilize the feature map to fit the feature vector of an image to achieve the corresponding channel weights. Finally, we overlap the weighted feature map for visualization to appraise the ability of pre-trained FEM on novel data. For fair use of CIM in evaluating different models, we propose a new measurement index, called Feature Localization Accuracy (FLA). In experiments, we first compare our CIM with CAM in regular tasks and achieve outstanding performances. Next, we use our CIM to appraise several classical FSC frameworks without considering the classification results and discuss them.      
### 24.Few-shot Learning via Dependency Maximization and Instance Discriminant Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02820.pdf)
>  We study the few-shot learning (FSL) problem, where a model learns to recognize new objects with extremely few labeled training data per category. Most of previous FSL approaches resort to the meta-learning paradigm, where the model accumulates inductive bias through learning many training tasks so as to solve a new unseen few-shot task. In contrast, we propose a simple approach to exploit unlabeled data accompanying the few-shot task for improving few-shot performance. Firstly, we propose a Dependency Maximization method based on the Hilbert-Schmidt norm of the cross-covariance operator, which maximizes the statistical dependency between the embedded feature of those unlabeled data and their label predictions, together with the supervised loss over the support set. We then use the obtained model to infer the pseudo-labels for those unlabeled data. Furthermore, we propose anInstance Discriminant Analysis to evaluate the credibility of each pseudo-labeled example and select the most faithful ones into an augmented support set to retrain the model as in the first step. We iterate the above process until the pseudo-labels for the unlabeled data becomes stable. Following the standard transductive and semi-supervised FSL setting, our experiments show that the proposed method out-performs previous state-of-the-art methods on four widely used benchmarks, including mini-ImageNet, tiered-ImageNet, CUB, and CIFARFS.      
### 25.Kinship Verification Based on Cross-Generation Feature Interaction Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02809.pdf)
>  Kinship verification from facial images has been recognized as an emerging yet challenging technique in many potential computer vision applications. In this paper, we propose a novel cross-generation feature interaction learning (CFIL) framework for robust kinship verification. Particularly, an effective collaborative weighting strategy is constructed to explore the characteristics of cross-generation relations by corporately extracting features of both parents and children image pairs. Specifically, we take parents and children as a whole to extract the expressive local and non-local features. Different from the traditional works measuring similarity by distance, we interpolate the similarity calculations as the interior auxiliary weights into the deep CNN architecture to learn the whole and natural features. These similarity weights not only involve corresponding single points but also excavate the multiple relationships cross points, where local and non-local features are calculated by using these two kinds of distance measurements. Importantly, instead of separately conducting similarity computation and feature extraction, we integrate similarity learning and feature extraction into one unified learning process. The integrated representations deduced from local and non-local features can comprehensively express the informative semantics embedded in images and preserve abundant correlation knowledge from image pairs. Extensive experiments demonstrate the efficiency and superiority of the proposed model compared to some state-of-the-art kinship verification methods.      
### 26.Deep Collaborative Multi-Modal Learning for Unsupervised Kinship Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02804.pdf)
>  Kinship verification is a long-standing research challenge in computer vision. The visual differences presented to the face have a significant effect on the recognition capabilities of the kinship systems. We argue that aggregating multiple visual knowledge can better describe the characteristics of the subject for precise kinship identification. Typically, the age-invariant features can represent more natural facial details. Such age-related transformations are essential for face recognition due to the biological effects of aging. However, the existing methods mainly focus on employing the single-view image features for kinship identification, while more meaningful visual properties such as race and age are directly ignored in the feature learning step. To this end, we propose a novel deep collaborative multi-modal learning (DCML) to integrate the underlying information presented in facial properties in an adaptive manner to strengthen the facial details for effective unsupervised kinship verification. Specifically, we construct a well-designed adaptive feature fusion mechanism, which can jointly leverage the complementary properties from different visual perspectives to produce composite features and draw greater attention to the most informative components of spatial feature maps. Particularly, an adaptive weighting strategy is developed based on a novel attention mechanism, which can enhance the dependencies between different properties by decreasing the information redundancy in channels in a self-adaptive manner. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed method, extensive experimental evaluations conducted on four widely-used datasets show that our DCML method is always superior to some state-of-the-art kinship verification methods.      
### 27.Robustness and Generalization via Generative Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02765.pdf)
>  While deep neural networks have achieved remarkable success in various computer vision tasks, they often fail to generalize to new domains and subtle variations of input images. Several defenses have been proposed to improve the robustness against these variations. However, current defenses can only withstand the specific attack used in training, and the models often remain vulnerable to other input variations. Moreover, these methods often degrade performance of the model on clean images and do not generalize to out-of-domain samples. In this paper we present Generative Adversarial Training, an approach to simultaneously improve the model's generalization to the test set and out-of-domain samples as well as its robustness to unseen adversarial attacks. Instead of altering a low-level pre-defined aspect of images, we generate a spectrum of low-level, mid-level and high-level changes using generative models with a disentangled latent space. Adversarial training with these examples enable the model to withstand a wide range of attacks by observing a variety of input alterations during training. We show that our approach not only improves performance of the model on clean images and out-of-domain samples but also makes it robust against unforeseen attacks and outperforms prior work. We validate effectiveness of our method by demonstrating results on various tasks such as classification, segmentation and object detection.      
### 28.STRIVE: Scene Text Replacement In Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02762.pdf)
>  We propose replacing scene text in videos using deep style transfer and learned photometric transformations.Building on recent progress on still image text replacement,we present extensions that alter text while preserving the appearance and motion characteristics of the original video.Compared to the problem of still image text replacement,our method addresses additional challenges introduced by video, namely effects induced by changing lighting, motion blur, diverse variations in camera-object pose over time,and preservation of temporal consistency. We parse the problem into three steps. First, the text in all frames is normalized to a frontal pose using a spatio-temporal trans-former network. Second, the text is replaced in a single reference frame using a state-of-art still-image text replacement method. Finally, the new text is transferred from the reference to remaining frames using a novel learned image transformation network that captures lighting and blur effects in a temporally consistent manner. Results on synthetic and challenging real videos show realistic text trans-fer, competitive quantitative and qualitative performance,and superior inference speed relative to alternatives. We introduce new synthetic and real-world datasets with paired text objects. To the best of our knowledge this is the first attempt at deep video text replacement.      
### 29.Pano3D: A Holistic Benchmark and a Solid Baseline for $360^o$ Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02749.pdf)
>  Pano3D is a new benchmark for depth estimation from spherical panoramas. It aims to assess performance across all depth estimation traits, the primary direct depth estimation performance targeting precision and accuracy, and also the secondary traits, boundary preservation, and smoothness. Moreover, Pano3D moves beyond typical intra-dataset evaluation to inter-dataset performance assessment. By disentangling the capacity to generalize to unseen data into different test splits, Pano3D represents a holistic benchmark for $360^o$ depth estimation. We use it as a basis for an extended analysis seeking to offer insights into classical choices for depth estimation. This results in a solid baseline for panoramic depth that follow-up works can build upon to steer future progress.      
### 30.Zero-Shot Open Set Detection by Extending CLIP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02748.pdf)
>  In a regular open set detection problem, samples of known classes (also called closed set classes) are used to train a special classifier. In testing, the classifier can (1) classify the test samples of known classes to their respective classes and (2) also detect samples that do not belong to any of the known classes (we say they belong to some unknown or open set classes). This paper studies the problem of zero-shot open-set detection, which still performs the same two tasks in testing but has no training except using the given known class names. This paper proposes a novel and yet simple method (called ZO-CLIP) to solve the problem. ZO-CLIP builds on top of the recent advances in zero-shot classification through multi-modal representation learning. It first extends the pre-trained multi-modal model CLIP by training a text-based image description generator on top of CLIP. In testing, it uses the extended model to generate some candidate unknown class names for each test sample and computes a confidence score based on both the known class names and candidate unknown class names for zero-shot open set detection. Experimental results on 5 benchmark datasets for open set detection confirm that ZO-CLIP outperforms the baselines by a large margin.      
### 31.WhyAct: Identifying Action Reasons in Lifestyle Vlogs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02747.pdf)
>  We aim to automatically identify human action reasons in online videos. We focus on the widespread genre of lifestyle vlogs, in which people perform actions while verbally describing them. We introduce and make publicly available the {\sc WhyAct} dataset, consisting of 1,077 visual actions manually annotated with their reasons. We describe a multimodal model that leverages visual and textual information to automatically infer the reasons corresponding to an action presented in the video.      
### 32.Single-Camera 3D Head Fitting for Mixed Reality Clinical Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02740.pdf)
>  We address the problem of estimating the shape of a person's head, defined as the geometry of the complete head surface, from a video taken with a single moving camera, and determining the alignment of the fitted 3D head for all video frames, irrespective of the person's pose. 3D head reconstructions commonly tend to focus on perfecting the face reconstruction, leaving the scalp to a statistical approximation. Our goal is to reconstruct the head model of each person to enable future mixed reality applications. To do this, we recover a dense 3D reconstruction and camera information via structure-from-motion and multi-view stereo. These are then used in a new two-stage fitting process to recover the 3D head shape by iteratively fitting a 3D morphable model of the head with the dense reconstruction in canonical space and fitting it to each person's head, using both traditional facial landmarks and scalp features extracted from the head's segmentation mask. Our approach recovers consistent geometry for varying head shapes, from videos taken by different people, with different smartphones, and in a variety of environments from living rooms to outdoor spaces.      
### 33.Improving Dietary Assessment Via Integrated Hierarchy Food Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02736.pdf)
>  Image-based dietary assessment refers to the process of determining what someone eats and how much energy and nutrients are consumed from visual data. Food classification is the first and most crucial step. Existing methods focus on improving accuracy measured by the rate of correct classification based on visual information alone, which is very challenging due to the high complexity and inter-class similarity of foods. Further, accuracy in food classification is conceptual as description of a food can always be improved. In this work, we introduce a new food classification framework to improve the quality of predictions by integrating the information from multiple domains while maintaining the classification accuracy. We apply a multi-task network based on a hierarchical structure that uses both visual and nutrition domain specific information to cluster similar foods. Our method is validated on the modified VIPER-FoodNet (VFN) food image dataset by including associated energy and nutrient information. We achieve comparable classification accuracy with existing methods that use visual information only, but with less error in terms of energy and nutrient values for the wrong predictions.      
### 34.Automatic Landmarks Correspondence Detection in Medical Images with an Application to Deformable Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02722.pdf)
>  Deformable Image Registration (DIR) can benefit from additional guidance using corresponding landmarks in the images. However, the benefits thereof are largely understudied, especially due to the lack of automatic detection methods for corresponding landmarks in three-dimensional (3D) medical images. In this work, we present a Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN), called DCNN-Match, that learns to predict landmark correspondences in 3D images in a self-supervised manner. We explored five variants of DCNN-Match that use different loss functions and tested DCNN-Match separately as well as in combination with the open-source registration software Elastix to assess its impact on a common DIR approach. We employed lower-abdominal Computed Tomography (CT) scans from cervical cancer patients: 121 pelvic CT scan pairs containing simulated elastic transformations and 11 pairs demonstrating clinical deformations. Our results show significant improvement in DIR performance when landmark correspondences predicted by DCNN-Match were used in case of simulated as well as clinical deformations. We also observed that the spatial distribution of the automatically identified landmarks and the associated matching errors affect the extent of improvement in DIR. Finally, DCNN-Match was found to generalize well to Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans without requiring retraining, indicating easy applicability to other datasets.      
### 35.Vision Transformers For Weeds and Crops Classification Of High Resolution UAV Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02716.pdf)
>  Crop and weed monitoring is an important challenge for agriculture and food production nowadays. Thanks to recent advances in data acquisition and computation technologies, agriculture is evolving to a more smart and precision farming to meet with the high yield and high quality crop production. Classification and recognition in Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) images are important phases for crop monitoring. Advances in deep learning models relying on Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) have achieved high performances in image classification in the agricultural domain. Despite the success of this architecture, CNN still faces many challenges such as high computation cost, the need of large labelled datasets, ... Natural language processing's transformer architecture can be an alternative approach to deal with CNN's limitations. Making use of the self-attention paradigm, Vision Transformer (ViT) models can achieve competitive or better results without applying any convolution operations. In this paper, we adopt the self-attention mechanism via the ViT models for plant classification of weeds and crops: red beet, off-type beet (green leaves), parsley and spinach. Our experiments show that with small set of labelled training data, ViT models perform better compared to state-of-the-art CNN-based models EfficientNet and ResNet, with a top accuracy of 99.8\% achieved by the ViT model.      
### 36.Graph Attention Layer Evolves Semantic Segmentation for Road Pothole Detection: A Benchmark and Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02711.pdf)
>  Existing road pothole detection approaches can be classified as computer vision-based or machine learning-based. The former approaches typically employ 2-D image analysis/understanding or 3-D point cloud modeling and segmentation algorithms to detect road potholes from vision sensor data. The latter approaches generally address road pothole detection using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in an end-to-end manner. However, road potholes are not necessarily ubiquitous and it is challenging to prepare a large well-annotated dataset for CNN training. In this regard, while computer vision-based methods were the mainstream research trend in the past decade, machine learning-based methods were merely discussed. Recently, we published the first stereo vision-based road pothole detection dataset and a novel disparity transformation algorithm, whereby the damaged and undamaged road areas can be highly distinguished. However, there are no benchmarks currently available for state-of-the-art (SoTA) CNNs trained using either disparity images or transformed disparity images. Therefore, in this paper, we first discuss the SoTA CNNs designed for semantic segmentation and evaluate their performance for road pothole detection with extensive experiments. Additionally, inspired by graph neural network (GNN), we propose a novel CNN layer, referred to as graph attention layer (GAL), which can be easily deployed in any existing CNN to optimize image feature representations for semantic segmentation. Our experiments compare GAL-DeepLabv3+, our best-performing implementation, with nine SoTA CNNs on three modalities of training data: RGB images, disparity images, and transformed disparity images. The experimental results suggest that our proposed GAL-DeepLabv3+ achieves the best overall pothole detection accuracy on all training data modalities.      
### 37.Improving Transferability of Domain Adaptation Networks Through Domain Alignment Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02693.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) has been the primary approach used in various computer vision tasks due to its relevant results achieved on many tasks. However, on real-world scenarios with partially or no labeled data, DL methods are also prone to the well-known domain shift problem. Multi-source unsupervised domain adaptation (MSDA) aims at learning a predictor for an unlabeled domain by assigning weak knowledge from a bag of source models. However, most works conduct domain adaptation leveraging only the extracted features and reducing their domain shift from the perspective of loss function designs. In this paper, we argue that it is not sufficient to handle domain shift only based on domain-level features, but it is also essential to align such information on the feature space. Unlike previous works, we focus on the network design and propose to embed Multi-Source version of DomaIn Alignment Layers (MS-DIAL) at different levels of the predictor. These layers are designed to match the feature distributions between different domains and can be easily applied to various MSDA methods. To show the robustness of our approach, we conducted an extensive experimental evaluation considering two challenging scenarios: digit recognition and object classification. The experimental results indicated that our approach can improve state-of-the-art MSDA methods, yielding relative gains of up to +30.64% on their classification accuracies.      
### 38.Rethinking Crowdsourcing Annotation: Partial Annotation with Salient Labels for Multi-Label Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02688.pdf)
>  Annotated images are required for both supervised model training and evaluation in image classification. Manually annotating images is arduous and expensive, especially for multi-labeled images. A recent trend for conducting such laboursome annotation tasks is through crowdsourcing, where images are annotated by volunteers or paid workers online (e.g., workers of Amazon Mechanical Turk) from scratch. However, the quality of crowdsourcing image annotations cannot be guaranteed, and incompleteness and incorrectness are two major concerns for crowdsourcing annotations. To address such concerns, we have a rethinking of crowdsourcing annotations: Our simple hypothesis is that if the annotators only partially annotate multi-label images with salient labels they are confident in, there will be fewer annotation errors and annotators will spend less time on uncertain labels. As a pleasant surprise, with the same annotation budget, we show a multi-label image classifier supervised by images with salient annotations can outperform models supervised by fully annotated images. Our method contributions are 2-fold: An active learning way is proposed to acquire salient labels for multi-label images; and a novel Adaptive Temperature Associated Model (ATAM) specifically using partial annotations is proposed for multi-label image classification. We conduct experiments on practical crowdsourcing data, the Open Street Map (OSM) dataset and benchmark dataset COCO 2014. When compared with state-of-the-art classification methods trained on fully annotated images, the proposed ATAM can achieve higher accuracy. The proposed idea is promising for crowdsourcing data annotation. Our code will be publicly available.      
### 39.On the Out-of-distribution Generalization of Probabilistic Image Modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02639.pdf)
>  Out-of-distribution (OOD) detection and lossless compression constitute two problems that can be solved by the training of probabilistic models on a first dataset with subsequent likelihood evaluation on a second dataset, where data distributions differ. By defining the generalization of probabilistic models in terms of likelihood we show that, in the case of image models, the OOD generalization ability is dominated by local features. This motivates our proposal of a Local Autoregressive model that exclusively models local image features towards improving OOD performance. We apply the proposed model to OOD detection tasks and achieve state-of-the-art unsupervised OOD detection performance without the introduction of additional data. Additionally, we employ our model to build a new lossless image compressor: NeLLoC (Neural Local Lossless Compressor) and report state-of-the-art compression rates and model size.      
### 40.Learning Fast Sample Re-weighting Without Reward Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03216.pdf)
>  Training sample re-weighting is an effective approach for tackling data biases such as imbalanced and corrupted labels. Recent methods develop learning-based algorithms to learn sample re-weighting strategies jointly with model training based on the frameworks of reinforcement learning and meta learning. However, depending on additional unbiased reward data is limiting their general applicability. Furthermore, existing learning-based sample re-weighting methods require nested optimizations of models and weighting parameters, which requires expensive second-order computation. This paper addresses these two problems and presents a novel learning-based fast sample re-weighting (FSR) method that does not require additional reward data. The method is based on two key ideas: learning from history to build proxy reward data and feature sharing to reduce the optimization cost. Our experiments show the proposed method achieves competitive results compared to state of the arts on label noise robustness and long-tailed recognition, and does so while achieving significantly improved training efficiency. The source code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/google-research/google-research/tree/master/ieg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Improving Phenotype Prediction using Long-Range Spatio-Temporal Dynamics of Functional Connectivity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03115.pdf)
>  The study of functional brain connectivity (FC) is important for understanding the underlying mechanisms of many psychiatric disorders. Many recent analyses adopt graph convolutional networks, to study non-linear interactions between functionally-correlated states. However, although patterns of brain activation are known to be hierarchically organised in both space and time, many methods have failed to extract powerful spatio-temporal features. To overcome those challenges, and improve understanding of long-range functional dynamics, we translate an approach, from the domain of skeleton-based action recognition, designed to model interactions across space and time. We evaluate this approach using the Human Connectome Project (HCP) dataset on sex classification and fluid intelligence prediction. To account for subject topographic variability of functional organisation, we modelled functional connectomes using multi-resolution dual-regressed (subject-specific) ICA nodes. Results show a prediction accuracy of 94.4% for sex classification (an increase of 6.2% compared to other methods), and an improvement of correlation with fluid intelligence of 0.325 vs 0.144, relative to a baseline model that encodes space and time separately. Results suggest that explicit encoding of spatio-temporal dynamics of brain functional activity may improve the precision with which behavioural and cognitive phenotypes may be predicted in the future.      
### 42.Perceptual Video Compression with Recurrent Conditional GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03082.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a Perceptual Learned Video Compression (PLVC) approach with recurrent conditional generative adversarial network. In our approach, the recurrent auto-encoder-based generator learns to fully explore the temporal correlation for compressing video. More importantly, we propose a recurrent conditional discriminator, which judges raw and compressed video conditioned on both spatial and temporal information, including the latent representation, temporal motion and hidden states in recurrent cells. This way, in the adversarial training, it pushes the generated video to be not only spatially photo-realistic but also temporally consistent with groundtruth and coherent among video frames. Therefore, the proposed PLVC model learns to compress video towards good perceptual quality at low bit-rate. The experimental results show that our PLVC approach outperforms the previous traditional and learned approaches on several perceptual quality metrics. The user study further validates the outstanding perceptual performance of PLVC in comparison with the latest learned video compression approaches and the official HEVC test model (HM 16.20). The codes will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RenYang-home/PLVC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.Statistical analysis of locally parameterized shapes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03027.pdf)
>  The alignment of shapes has been a crucial step in statistical shape analysis, for example, in calculating mean shape, detecting locational differences between two shape populations, and classification. Procrustes alignment is the most commonly used method and state of the art. In this work, we uncover that alignment might seriously affect the statistical analysis. For example, alignment can induce false shape differences and lead to misleading results and interpretations. We propose a novel hierarchical shape parameterization based on local coordinate systems. The local parameterized shapes are translation and rotation invariant. Thus, the inherent alignment problems from the commonly used global coordinate system for shape representation can be avoided using this parameterization. The new parameterization is also superior for shape deformation and simulation. The method's power is demonstrated on the hypothesis testing of simulated data as well as the left hippocampi of patients with Parkinson's disease and controls.      
### 44.Efficient ADMM-based Algorithms for Convolutional Sparse Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02969.pdf)
>  Convolutional sparse coding improves on the standard sparse approximation by incorporating a global shift-invariant model. The most efficient convolutional sparse coding methods are based on the alternating direction method of multipliers and the convolution theorem. The only major difference between these methods is how they approach a convolutional least-squares fitting subproblem. This letter presents a solution to this subproblem, which improves the efficiency of the state-of-the-art algorithms. We also use the same approach for developing an efficient convolutional dictionary learning method. Furthermore, we propose a novel algorithm for convolutional sparse coding with a constraint on the approximation error.      
### 45.Fishr: Invariant Gradient Variances for Out-of-distribution Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02934.pdf)
>  Learning robust models that generalize well under changes in the data distribution is critical for real-world applications. To this end, there has been a growing surge of interest to learn simultaneously from multiple training domains - while enforcing different types of invariance across those domains. Yet, all existing approaches fail to show systematic benefits under fair evaluation protocols. In this paper, we propose a new learning scheme to enforce domain invariance in the space of the gradients of the loss function: specifically, we introduce a regularization term that matches the domain-level variances of gradients across training domains. Critically, our strategy, named Fishr, exhibits close relations with the Fisher Information and the Hessian of the loss. We show that forcing domain-level gradient covariances to be similar during the learning procedure eventually aligns the domain-level loss landscapes locally around the final weights. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of Fishr for out-of-distribution generalization. In particular, Fishr improves the state of the art on the DomainBed benchmark and performs significantly better than Empirical Risk Minimization. The code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/alexrame/fishr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.FDA: Feature Decomposition and Aggregation for Robust Airway Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02920.pdf)
>  3D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been widely adopted for airway segmentation. The performance of 3D CNNs is greatly influenced by the dataset while the public airway datasets are mainly clean CT scans with coarse annotation, thus difficult to be generalized to noisy CT scans (e.g. COVID-19 CT scans). In this work, we proposed a new dual-stream network to address the variability between the clean domain and noisy domain, which utilizes the clean CT scans and a small amount of labeled noisy CT scans for airway segmentation. We designed two different encoders to extract the transferable clean features and the unique noisy features separately, followed by two independent decoders. Further on, the transferable features are refined by the channel-wise feature recalibration and Signed Distance Map (SDM) regression. The feature recalibration module emphasizes critical features and the SDM pays more attention to the bronchi, which is beneficial to extracting the transferable topological features robust to the coarse labels. Extensive experimental results demonstrated the obvious improvement brought by our proposed method. Compared to other state-of-the-art transfer learning methods, our method accurately segmented more bronchi in the noisy CT scans.      
### 47.Deep SIMBAD: Active Landmark-based Self-localization Using Ranking -based Scene Descriptor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02786.pdf)
>  Landmark-based robot self-localization has recently garnered interest as a highly-compressive domain-invariant approach for performing visual place recognition (VPR) across domains (e.g., time of day, weather, and season). However, landmark-based self-localization can be an ill-posed problem for a passive observer (e.g., manual robot control), as many viewpoints may not provide an effective landmark view. In this study, we consider an active self-localization task by an active observer and present a novel reinforcement learning (RL)-based next-best-view (NBV) planner. Our contributions are as follows. (1) SIMBAD-based VPR: We formulate the problem of landmark-based compact scene description as SIMBAD (similarity-based pattern recognition) and further present its deep learning extension. (2) VPR-to-NBV knowledge transfer: We address the challenge of RL under uncertainty (i.e., active self-localization) by transferring the state recognition ability of VPR to the NBV. (3) NNQL-based NBV: We regard the available VPR as the experience database by adapting nearest-neighbor approximation of Q-learning (NNQL). The result shows an extremely compact data structure that compresses both the VPR and NBV into a single incremental inverted index. Experiments using the public NCLT dataset validated the effectiveness of the proposed approach.      
### 48.Analysis of MRI Biomarkers for Brain Cancer Survival Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02785.pdf)
>  Prediction of Overall Survival (OS) of brain cancer patients from multi-modal MRI is a challenging field of research. Most of the existing literature on survival prediction is based on Radiomic features, which does not consider either non-biological factors or the functional neurological status of the patient(s). Besides, the selection of an appropriate cut-off for survival and the presence of censored data create further problems. Application of deep learning models for OS prediction is also limited due to the lack of large annotated publicly available datasets. In this scenario we analyse the potential of two novel neuroimaging feature families, extracted from brain parcellation atlases and spatial habitats, along with classical radiomic and geometric features; to study their combined predictive power for analysing overall survival. A cross validation strategy with grid search is proposed to simultaneously select and evaluate the most predictive feature subset based on its predictive power. A Cox Proportional Hazard (CoxPH) model is employed for univariate feature selection, followed by the prediction of patient-specific survival functions by three multivariate parsimonious models viz. Coxnet, Random survival forests (RSF) and Survival SVM (SSVM). The brain cancer MRI data used for this research was taken from two open-access collections TCGA-GBM and TCGA-LGG available from The Cancer Imaging Archive (TCIA). Corresponding survival data for each patient was downloaded from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA). A high cross validation $C-index$ score of $0.82\pm.10$ was achieved using RSF with the best $24$ selected features. Age was found to be the most important biological predictor. There were $9$, $6$, $6$ and $2$ features selected from the parcellation, habitat, radiomic and region-based feature groups respectively.      
### 49.Binaural SoundNet: Predicting Semantics, Depth and Motion with Binaural Sounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02763.pdf)
>  Humans can robustly recognize and localize objects by using visual and/or auditory cues. While machines are able to do the same with visual data already, less work has been done with sounds. This work develops an approach for scene understanding purely based on binaural sounds. The considered tasks include predicting the semantic masks of sound-making objects, the motion of sound-making objects, and the depth map of the scene. To this aim, we propose a novel sensor setup and record a new audio-visual dataset of street scenes with eight professional binaural microphones and a 360-degree camera. The co-existence of visual and audio cues is leveraged for supervision transfer. In particular, we employ a cross-modal distillation framework that consists of multiple vision teacher methods and a sound student method -- the student method is trained to generate the same results as the teacher methods do. This way, the auditory system can be trained without using human annotations. To further boost the performance, we propose another novel auxiliary task, coined Spatial Sound Super-Resolution, to increase the directional resolution of sounds. We then formulate the four tasks into one end-to-end trainable multi-tasking network aiming to boost the overall performance. Experimental results show that 1) our method achieves good results for all four tasks, 2) the four tasks are mutually beneficial -- training them together achieves the best performance, 3) the number and orientation of microphones are both important, and 4) features learned from the standard spectrogram and features obtained by the classic signal processing pipeline are complementary for auditory perception tasks. The data and code are released.      
### 50.Training Deep Networks from Zero to Hero: avoiding pitfalls and going beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02752.pdf)
>  Training deep neural networks may be challenging in real world data. Using models as black-boxes, even with transfer learning, can result in poor generalization or inconclusive results when it comes to small datasets or specific applications. This tutorial covers the basic steps as well as more recent options to improve models, in particular, but not restricted to, supervised learning. It can be particularly useful in datasets that are not as well-prepared as those in challenges, and also under scarce annotation and/or small data. We describe basic procedures: as data preparation, optimization and transfer learning, but also recent architectural choices such as use of transformer modules, alternative convolutional layers, activation functions, wide and deep networks, as well as training procedures including as curriculum, contrastive and self-supervised learning.      
### 51.Crash Report Data Analysis for Creating Scenario-Wise, Spatio-Temporal Attention Guidance to Support Computer Vision-based Perception of Fatal Crash Risks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02710.pdf)
>  Reducing traffic fatalities and serious injuries is a top priority of the US Department of Transportation. The computer vision (CV)-based crash anticipation in the near-crash phase is receiving growing attention. The ability to perceive fatal crash risks earlier is also critical because it will improve the reliability of crash anticipation. Yet, annotated image data for training a reliable AI model for the early visual perception of crash risks are not abundant. The Fatality Analysis Reporting System contains big data of fatal crashes. It is a reliable data source for learning the relationship between driving scene characteristics and fatal crashes to compensate for the limitation of CV. Therefore, this paper develops a data analytics model, named scenario-wise, Spatio-temporal attention guidance, from fatal crash report data, which can estimate the relevance of detected objects to fatal crashes from their environment and context information. First, the paper identifies five sparse variables that allow for decomposing the 5-year fatal crash dataset to develop scenario-wise attention guidance. Then, exploratory analysis of location- and time-related variables of the crash report data suggests reducing fatal crashes to spatially defined groups. The group's temporal pattern is an indicator of the similarity of fatal crashes in the group. Hierarchical clustering and K-means clustering merge the spatially defined groups into six clusters according to the similarity of their temporal patterns. After that, association rule mining discovers the statistical relationship between the temporal information of driving scenes with crash features, for each cluster. The paper shows how the developed attention guidance supports the design and implementation of a preliminary CV model that can identify objects of a possibility to involve in fatal crashes from their environment and context information.      
### 52.Intelligent Motion Planning for a Cost-effective Object Follower Mobile Robotic System with Obstacle Avoidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02700.pdf)
>  There are few industries which use manually controlled robots for carrying material and this cannot be used all the time in all the places. So, it is very tranquil to have robots which can follow a specific human by following the unique coloured object held by that person. So, we propose a robotic system which uses robot vision and deep learning to get the required linear and angular velocities which are {\nu} and {\omega}, respectively. Which in turn makes the robot to avoid obstacles when following the unique coloured object held by the human. The novel methodology that we are proposing is accurate in detecting the position of the unique coloured object in any kind of lighting and tells us the horizontal pixel value where the robot is present and also tells if the object is close to or far from the robot. Moreover, the artificial neural networks that we have used in this problem gave us a meagre error in linear and angular velocity prediction and the PI controller which was used to control the linear and angular velocities, which in turn controls the position of the robot gave us impressive results and this methodology outperforms all other methodologies.      
### 53.End to end hyperspectral imaging system with coded compression imaging process  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02643.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral images (HSIs) can provide rich spatial and spectral information with extensive application prospects. Recently, several methods using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to reconstruct HSIs have been developed. However, most deep learning methods fit a brute-force mapping relationship between the compressive and standard HSIs. Thus, the learned mapping would be invalid when the observation data deviate from the training data. To recover the three-dimensional HSIs from two-dimensional compressive images, we present dual-camera equipment with a physics-informed self-supervising CNN method based on a coded aperture snapshot spectral imaging system. Our method effectively exploits the spatial-spectral relativization from the coded spectral information and forms a self-supervising system based on the camera quantum effect model. The experimental results show that our method can be adapted to a wide imaging environment with good performance. In addition, compared with most of the network-based methods, our system does not require a dedicated dataset for pre-training. Therefore, it has greater scenario adaptability and better generalization ability. Meanwhile, our system can be constantly fine-tuned and self-improved in real-life scenarios.      
