# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 22 Sep 2021
### 1.Homography augumented momentum constrastive learning for SAR image retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10329.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based image retrieval has been emphasized in computer vision. Representation embedding extracted by deep neural networks (DNNs) not only aims at containing semantic information of the image, but also can manage large-scale image retrieval tasks. In this work, we propose a deep learning-based image retrieval approach using homography transformation augmented contrastive learning to perform large-scale synthetic aperture radar (SAR) image search tasks. Moreover, we propose a training method for the DNNs induced by contrastive learning that does not require any labeling procedure. This may enable tractability of large-scale datasets with relative ease. Finally, we verify the performance of the proposed method by conducting experiments on the polarimetric SAR image datasets.      
### 2.CondNet: Conditional Classifier for Scene Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10322.pdf)
>  The fully convolutional network (FCN) has achieved tremendous success in dense visual recognition tasks, such as scene segmentation. The last layer of FCN is typically a global classifier (1x1 convolution) to recognize each pixel to a semantic label. We empirically show that this global classifier, ignoring the intra-class distinction, may lead to sub-optimal results. <br>In this work, we present a conditional classifier to replace the traditional global classifier, where the kernels of the classifier are generated dynamically conditioned on the input. The main advantages of the new classifier consist of: (i) it attends on the intra-class distinction, leading to stronger dense recognition capability; (ii) the conditional classifier is simple and flexible to be integrated into almost arbitrary FCN architectures to improve the prediction. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed classifier performs favourably against the traditional classifier on the FCN architecture. The framework equipped with the conditional classifier (called CondNet) achieves new state-of-the-art performances on two datasets. The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/CondNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.SemCal: Semantic LiDAR-Camera Calibration using Neural MutualInformation Estimator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10270.pdf)
>  This paper proposes SemCal: an automatic, targetless, extrinsic calibration algorithm for a LiDAR and camera system using semantic information. We leverage a neural information estimator to estimate the mutual information (MI) of semantic information extracted from each sensor measurement, facilitating semantic-level data association. By using a matrix exponential formulation of the $se(3)$ transformation and a kernel-based sampling method to sample from camera measurement based on LiDAR projected points, we can formulate the LiDAR-Camera calibration problem as a novel differentiable objective function that supports gradient-based optimization methods. We also introduce a semantic-based initial calibration method using 2D MI-based image registration and Perspective-n-Point (PnP) solver. To evaluate performance, we demonstrate the robustness of our method and quantitatively analyze the accuracy using a synthetic dataset. We also evaluate our algorithm qualitatively on an urban dataset (KITTI360) and an off-road dataset (RELLIS-3D) benchmark datasets using both hand-annotated ground truth labels as well as labels predicted by the state-of-the-art deep learning models, showing improvement over recent comparable calibration approaches.      
### 4.Skeleton-Graph: Long-Term 3D Motion Prediction From 2D Observations Using Deep Spatio-Temporal Graph CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10257.pdf)
>  Several applications such as autonomous driving, augmented reality and virtual reality requires a precise prediction of the 3D human pose. Recently, a new problem was introduced in the field to predict the 3D human poses from an observed 2D poses. We propose Skeleton-Graph, a deep spatio-temporal graph CNN model that predicts the future 3D skeleton poses in a single pass from the 2D ones. Unlike prior works, Skeleton-Graph focuses on modeling the interaction between the skeleton joints by exploiting their spatial configuration. This is being achieved by formulating the problem as a graph structure while learning a suitable graph adjacency kernel. By the design, Skeleton-Graph predicts the future 3D poses without divergence on the long-term unlike prior works. We also introduce a new metric that measures the divergence of predictions on the long-term. Our results show an FDE improvement of at least 27% and an ADE of 4% on both the GTA-IM and PROX datasets respectively in comparison with prior works. Also, we are 88% and 93% less divergence on the long-term motion prediction in comparison with prior works on both GTA-IM and PROX datasets. <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/abduallahmohamed/Skeleton-Graph.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 5.Oriented Object Detection in Aerial Images Based on Area Ratio of Parallelogram  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10187.pdf)
>  Rotated object detection is a challenging task in aerial images as the object in aerial images are displayed in arbitrary directions and usually densely packed. Although considerable progress has been made, there are still challenges that existing regression-based rotation detectors suffer the problem of discontinuous boundaries, which is directly caused by angular periodicity or corner ordering. In this paper, we propose a simple effective framework to address the above challenges. Instead of directly regressing the five parameters (coordinates of the central point, width, height, and rotation angle) or the four vertices, we use the area ratio of parallelogram (ARP) to accurately describe a multi-oriented object. Specifically, we regress coordinates of center point, height and width of minimum circumscribed rectangle of oriented object and three area ratios {\lambda}_1, {\lambda}_2 and {\lambda}_3. This may facilitate the offset learning and avoid the issue of angular periodicity or label points sequence for oriented objects. To further remedy the confusion issue nearly horizontal objects, we employ the area ratio between the object and its horizontal bounding box (minimum circumscribed rectangle) to guide the selection of horizontal or oriented detection for each object. We also propose a rotation efficient IoU loss (R-EIoU) to connect the horizontal bounding box with the three area ratios and improve the accurate for the rotating bounding box. Experimental results on three remote sensing datasets including HRSC2016, DOTA and UCAS-AOD and scene text including ICDAR2015 show that our method achieves superior detection performance compared with many state-of-the-art approaches. The code and model will be coming with paper published.      
### 6.3D Point Cloud Completion with Geometric-Aware Adversarial Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10161.pdf)
>  With the popularity of 3D sensors in self-driving and other robotics applications, extensive research has focused on designing novel neural network architectures for accurate 3D point cloud completion. However, unlike in point cloud classification and reconstruction, the role of adversarial samples in3D point cloud completion has seldom been explored. In this work, we show that training with adversarial samples can improve the performance of neural networks on 3D point cloud completion tasks. We propose a novel approach to generate adversarial samples that benefit both the performance of clean and adversarial samples. In contrast to the PGD-k attack, our method generates adversarial samples that keep the geometric features in clean samples and contain few outliers. In particular, we use principal directions to constrain the adversarial perturbations for each input point. The gradient components in the mean direction of principal directions are taken as adversarial perturbations. In addition, we also investigate the effect of using the minimum curvature direction. Besides, we adopt attack strength accumulation and auxiliary Batch Normalization layers method to speed up the training process and alleviate the distribution mismatch between clean and adversarial samples. Experimental results show that training with the adversarial samples crafted by our method effectively enhances the performance of PCN on the ShapeNet dataset.      
### 7.KDFNet: Learning Keypoint Distance Field for 6D Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10127.pdf)
>  We present KDFNet, a novel method for 6D object pose estimation from RGB images. To handle occlusion, many recent works have proposed to localize 2D keypoints through pixel-wise voting and solve a Perspective-n-Point (PnP) problem for pose estimation, which achieves leading performance. However, such voting process is direction-based and cannot handle long and thin objects where the direction intersections cannot be robustly found. To address this problem, we propose a novel continuous representation called Keypoint Distance Field (KDF) for projected 2D keypoint locations. Formulated as a 2D array, each element of the KDF stores the 2D Euclidean distance between the corresponding image pixel and a specified projected 2D keypoint. We use a fully convolutional neural network to regress the KDF for each keypoint. Using this KDF encoding of projected object keypoint locations, we propose to use a distance-based voting scheme to localize the keypoints by calculating circle intersections in a RANSAC fashion. We validate the design choices of our framework by extensive ablation experiments. Our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on Occlusion LINEMOD dataset with an average ADD(-S) accuracy of 50.3% and TOD dataset mug subset with an average ADD accuracy of 75.72%. Extensive experiments and visualizations demonstrate that the proposed method is able to robustly estimate the 6D pose in challenging scenarios including occlusion.      
### 8.Survey on Semantic Stereo Matching / Semantic Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10123.pdf)
>  Stereo matching is one of the widely used techniques for inferring depth from stereo images owing to its robustness and speed. It has become one of the major topics of research since it finds its applications in autonomous driving, robotic navigation, 3D reconstruction, and many other fields. Finding pixel correspondences in non-textured, occluded and reflective areas is the major challenge in stereo matching. Recent developments have shown that semantic cues from image segmentation can be used to improve the results of stereo matching. Many deep neural network architectures have been proposed to leverage the advantages of semantic segmentation in stereo matching. This paper aims to give a comparison among the state of art networks both in terms of accuracy and in terms of speed which are of higher importance in real-time applications.      
### 9.StereOBJ-1M: Large-scale Stereo Image Dataset for 6D Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10115.pdf)
>  We present a large-scale stereo RGB image object pose estimation dataset named the $\textbf{StereOBJ-1M}$ dataset. The dataset is designed to address challenging cases such as object transparency, translucency, and specular reflection, in addition to the common challenges of occlusion, symmetry, and variations in illumination and environments. In order to collect data of sufficient scale for modern deep learning models, we propose a novel method for efficiently annotating pose data in a multi-view fashion that allows data capturing in complex and flexible environments. Fully annotated with 6D object poses, our dataset contains over 396K frames and over 1.5M annotations of 18 objects recorded in 183 scenes constructed in 11 different environments. The 18 objects include 8 symmetric objects, 7 transparent objects, and 8 reflective objects. We benchmark two state-of-the-art pose estimation frameworks on StereOBJ-1M as baselines for future work. We also propose a novel object-level pose optimization method for computing 6D pose from keypoint predictions in multiple images.      
### 10.Bayesian Confidence Calibration for Epistemic Uncertainty Modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10092.pdf)
>  Modern neural networks have found to be miscalibrated in terms of confidence calibration, i.e., their predicted confidence scores do not reflect the observed accuracy or precision. Recent work has introduced methods for post-hoc confidence calibration for classification as well as for object detection to address this issue. Especially in safety critical applications, it is crucial to obtain a reliable self-assessment of a model. But what if the calibration method itself is uncertain, e.g., due to an insufficient knowledge base? <br>We introduce Bayesian confidence calibration - a framework to obtain calibrated confidence estimates in conjunction with an uncertainty of the calibration method. Commonly, Bayesian neural networks (BNN) are used to indicate a network's uncertainty about a certain prediction. BNNs are interpreted as neural networks that use distributions instead of weights for inference. We transfer this idea of using distributions to confidence calibration. For this purpose, we use stochastic variational inference to build a calibration mapping that outputs a probability distribution rather than a single calibrated estimate. Using this approach, we achieve state-of-the-art calibration performance for object detection calibration. Finally, we show that this additional type of uncertainty can be used as a sufficient criterion for covariate shift detection. All code is open source and available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/EFS-OpenSource/calibration-framework" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.PDFNet: Pointwise Dense Flow Network for Urban-Scene Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10083.pdf)
>  In recent years, using a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) as a feature encoder (or backbone) is the most commonly observed architectural pattern in several computer vision methods, and semantic segmentation is no exception. The two major drawbacks of this architectural pattern are: (i) the networks often fail to capture small classes such as wall, fence, pole, traffic light, traffic sign, and bicycle, which are crucial for autonomous vehicles to make accurate decisions. (ii) due to the arbitrarily increasing depth, the networks require massive labeled data and additional regularization techniques to converge and to prevent the risk of over-fitting, respectively. While regularization techniques come at minimal cost, the collection of labeled data is an expensive and laborious process. In this work, we address these two drawbacks by proposing a novel lightweight architecture named point-wise dense flow network (PDFNet). In PDFNet, we employ dense, residual, and multiple shortcut connections to allow a smooth gradient flow to all parts of the network. The extensive experiments on Cityscapes and CamVid benchmarks demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms baselines in capturing small classes and in few-data regimes. Moreover, our method achieves considerable performance in classifying out-of-the training distribution samples, evaluated on Cityscapes to KITTI dataset.      
### 12.Learning Interpretable Concept Groups in CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10078.pdf)
>  We propose a novel training methodology -- Concept Group Learning (CGL) -- that encourages training of interpretable CNN filters by partitioning filters in each layer into concept groups, each of which is trained to learn a single visual concept. We achieve this through a novel regularization strategy that forces filters in the same group to be active in similar image regions for a given layer. We additionally use a regularizer to encourage a sparse weighting of the concept groups in each layer so that a few concept groups can have greater importance than others. We quantitatively evaluate CGL's model interpretability using standard interpretability evaluation techniques and find that our method increases interpretability scores in most cases. Qualitatively we compare the image regions that are most active under filters learned using CGL versus filters learned without CGL and find that CGL activation regions more strongly concentrate around semantically relevant features.      
### 13.DS-Net++: Dynamic Weight Slicing for Efficient Inference in CNNs and Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10060.pdf)
>  Dynamic networks have shown their promising capability in reducing theoretical computation complexity by adapting their architectures to the input during inference. However, their practical runtime usually lags behind the theoretical acceleration due to inefficient sparsity. Here, we explore a hardware-efficient dynamic inference regime, named dynamic weight slicing, which adaptively slice a part of network parameters for inputs with diverse difficulty levels, while keeping parameters stored statically and contiguously in hardware to prevent the extra burden of sparse computation. Based on this scheme, we present dynamic slimmable network (DS-Net) and dynamic slice-able network (DS-Net++) by input-dependently adjusting filter numbers of CNNs and multiple dimensions in both CNNs and transformers, respectively. To ensure sub-network generality and routing fairness, we propose a disentangled two-stage optimization scheme with training techniques such as in-place bootstrapping (IB), multi-view consistency (MvCo) and sandwich gate sparsification (SGS) to train supernet and gate separately. Extensive experiments on 4 datasets and 3 different network architectures demonstrate our method consistently outperforms state-of-the-art static and dynamic model compression methods by a large margin (up to 6.6%). Typically, DS-Net++ achieves 2-4x computation reduction and 1.62x real-world acceleration over MobileNet, ResNet-50 and Vision Transformer, with minimal accuracy drops (0.1-0.3%) on ImageNet. Code release: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/changlin31/DS-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 14.LOTR: Face Landmark Localization Using Localization Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10057.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel Transformer-based facial landmark localization network named Localization Transformer (LOTR). The proposed framework is a direct coordinate regression approach leveraging a Transformer network to better utilize the spatial information in the feature map. An LOTR model consists of three main modules: 1) a visual backbone that converts an input image into a feature map, 2) a Transformer module that improves the feature representation from the visual backbone, and 3) a landmark prediction head that directly predicts the landmark coordinates from the Transformer's representation. Given cropped-and-aligned face images, the proposed LOTR can be trained end-to-end without requiring any post-processing steps. This paper also introduces the smooth-Wing loss function, which addresses the gradient discontinuity of the Wing loss, leading to better convergence than standard loss functions such as L1, L2, and Wing loss. Experimental results on the JD landmark dataset provided by the First Grand Challenge of 106-Point Facial Landmark Localization indicate the superiority of LOTR over the existing methods on the leaderboard and two recent heatmap-based approaches.      
### 15.Single Person Pose Estimation: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10056.pdf)
>  Human pose estimation in unconstrained images and videos is a fundamental computer vision task. To illustrate the evolutionary path in technique, in this survey we summarize representative human pose methods in a structured taxonomy, with a particular focus on deep learning models and single-person image setting. Specifically, we examine and survey all the components of a typical human pose estimation pipeline, including data augmentation, model architecture and backbone, supervision representation, post-processing, standard datasets, evaluation metrics. To envisage the future directions, we finally discuss the key unsolved problems and potential trends for human pose estimation.      
### 16.VPN: Video Provenance Network for Robust Content Attribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10038.pdf)
>  We present VPN - a content attribution method for recovering provenance information from videos shared online. Platforms, and users, often transform video into different quality, codecs, sizes, shapes, etc. or slightly edit its content such as adding text or emoji, as they are redistributed online. We learn a robust search embedding for matching such video, invariant to these transformations, using full-length or truncated video queries. Once matched against a trusted database of video clips, associated information on the provenance of the clip is presented to the user. We use an inverted index to match temporal chunks of video using late-fusion to combine both visual and audio features. In both cases, features are extracted via a deep neural network trained using contrastive learning on a dataset of original and augmented video clips. We demonstrate high accuracy recall over a corpus of 100,000 videos.      
### 17.Unsupervised Abstract Reasoning for Raven's Problem Matrices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10011.pdf)
>  Raven's Progressive Matrices (RPM) is highly correlated with human intelligence, and it has been widely used to measure the abstract reasoning ability of humans. In this paper, to study the abstract reasoning capability of deep neural networks, we propose the first unsupervised learning method for solving RPM problems. Since the ground truth labels are not allowed, we design a pseudo target based on the prior constraints of the RPM formulation to approximate the ground truth label, which effectively converts the unsupervised learning strategy into a supervised one. However, the correct answer is wrongly labelled by the pseudo target, and thus the noisy contrast will lead to inaccurate model training. To alleviate this issue, we propose to improve the model performance with negative answers. Moreover, we develop a decentralization method to adapt the feature representation to different RPM problems. Extensive experiments on three datasets demonstrate that our method even outperforms some of the supervised approaches. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/visiontao/ncd" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Multi-Source Video Domain Adaptation with Temporal Attentive Moment Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09964.pdf)
>  Multi-Source Domain Adaptation (MSDA) is a more practical domain adaptation scenario in real-world scenarios. It relaxes the assumption in conventional Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) that source data are sampled from a single domain and match a uniform data distribution. MSDA is more difficult due to the existence of different domain shifts between distinct domain pairs. When considering videos, the negative transfer would be provoked by spatial-temporal features and can be formulated into a more challenging Multi-Source Video Domain Adaptation (MSVDA) problem. In this paper, we address the MSVDA problem by proposing a novel Temporal Attentive Moment Alignment Network (TAMAN) which aims for effective feature transfer by dynamically aligning both spatial and temporal feature moments. TAMAN further constructs robust global temporal features by attending to dominant domain-invariant local temporal features with high local classification confidence and low disparity between global and local feature discrepancies. To facilitate future research on the MSVDA problem, we introduce comprehensive benchmarks, covering extensive MSVDA scenarios. Empirical results demonstrate a superior performance of the proposed TAMAN across multiple MSVDA benchmarks.      
### 19.Enforcing Mutual Consistency of Hard Regions for Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09960.pdf)
>  In this paper, we proposed a novel mutual consistency network (MC-Net+) to effectively exploit the unlabeled hard regions for semi-supervised medical image segmentation. The MC-Net+ model is motivated by the observation that deep models trained with limited annotations are prone to output highly uncertain and easily mis-classified predictions in the ambiguous regions (e.g. adhesive edges or thin branches) for the image segmentation task. Leveraging these region-level challenging samples can make the semi-supervised segmentation model training more effective. Therefore, our proposed MC-Net+ model consists of two new designs. First, the model contains one shared encoder and multiple sightly different decoders (i.e. using different up-sampling strategies). The statistical discrepancy of multiple decoders' outputs is computed to denote the model's uncertainty, which indicates the unlabeled hard regions. Second, a new mutual consistency constraint is enforced between one decoder's probability output and other decoders' soft pseudo labels. In this way, we minimize the model's uncertainty during training and force the model to generate invariant and low-entropy results in such challenging areas of unlabeled data, in order to learn a generalized feature representation. We compared the segmentation results of the MC-Net+ with five state-of-the-art semi-supervised approaches on three public medical datasets. Extension experiments with two common semi-supervised settings demonstrate the superior performance of our model over other existing methods, which sets a new state of the art for semi-supervised medical image segmentation.      
### 20.Multi-Domain Few-Shot Learning and Dataset for Agricultural Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09952.pdf)
>  Automatic classification of pests and plants (both healthy and diseased) is of paramount importance in agriculture to improve yield. Conventional deep learning models based on convolutional neural networks require thousands of labeled examples per category. In this work we propose a method to learn from a few samples to automatically classify different pests, plants, and their diseases, using Few-Shot Learning (FSL). We learn a feature extractor to generate embeddings and then update the embeddings using Transformers. Using Mahalanobis distance, a class-covariance-based metric, we then calculate the similarity of the transformed embeddings with the embedding of the image to be classified. Using our proposed architecture, we conduct extensive experiments on multiple datasets showing the effectiveness of our proposed model. We conduct 42 experiments in total to comprehensively analyze the model and it achieves up to 14% and 24% performance gains on few-shot image classification benchmarks on two datasets. <br>We also compile a new FSL dataset containing images of healthy and diseased plants taken in real-world settings. Using our proposed architecture which has been shown to outperform several existing FSL architectures in agriculture, we provide strong baselines on our newly proposed dataset.      
### 21.IgNet. A Super-precise Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09939.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNN) are known to be an effective means to detect and analyze images. Their power is essentially based on the ability to extract out images common features. There exist, however, images involving unique, irregular features or details. Such is a collection of unusual children drawings reflecting the kids imagination and individuality. These drawings were analyzed by means of a CNN constructed by means of Keras-TensorFlow. The same problem - on a significantly higher level - was solved with newly developed family of networks called IgNet that is described in this paper. It proved able to learn by 100 % all the categorical characteristics of the drawings. In the case of a regression task (learning the young artists ages) IgNet performed with an error of no more than 0.4 %. The principles are discussed of IgNet design that made it possible to reach such substantial results with rather simple network topology.      
### 22.MESSFN : a Multi-level and Enhanced Spectral-Spatial Fusion Network for Pan-sharpening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09937.pdf)
>  Dominant pan-sharpening frameworks simply concatenate the MS stream and the PAN stream once at a specific level. This way of fusion neglects the multi-level spectral-spatial correlation between the two streams, which is vital to improving the fusion performance. In consideration of this, we propose a Multi-level and Enhanced Spectral-Spatial Fusion Network (MESSFN) with the following innovations: First, to fully exploit and strengthen the above correlation, a Hierarchical Multi-level Fusion Architecture (HMFA) is carefully designed. A novel Spectral-Spatial (SS) stream is established to hierarchically derive and fuse the multi-level prior spectral and spatial expertise from the MS stream and the PAN stream. This helps the SS stream master a joint spectral-spatial representation in the hierarchical network for better modeling the fusion relationship. Second, to provide superior expertise, consequently, based on the intrinsic characteristics of the MS image and the PAN image, two feature extraction blocks are specially developed. In the MS stream, a Residual Spectral Attention Block (RSAB) is proposed to mine the potential spectral correlations between different spectra of the MS image through adjacent cross-spectrum interaction. While in the PAN stream, a Residual Multi-scale Spatial Attention Block (RMSAB) is proposed to capture multi-scale information and reconstruct precise high-frequency details from the PAN image through an improved spatial attention-based inception structure. The spectral and spatial feature representations are enhanced. Extensive experiments on two datasets demonstrate that the proposed network is competitive with or better than state-of-the-art methods. Our code can be found in github.      
### 23.Robust Estimation of Reflection Symmetry in Noisy and Partial 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09927.pdf)
>  Detecting the reflection symmetry plane of an object represented by a 3D point cloud is a fundamental problem in 3D computer vision and geometry processing due to its various applications such as compression, object detection, robotic grasping, 3D surface reconstruction, etc. There exist several efficient approaches for solving this problem for clean 3D point clouds. However, this problem becomes difficult to solve in the presence of outliers and missing parts due to occlusions while scanning the objects through 3D scanners. The existing methods try to overcome these challenges mostly by voting-based techniques but fail in challenging settings. In this work, we propose a statistical estimator for the plane of reflection symmetry that is robust to outliers and missing parts. We pose the problem of finding the optimal estimator as an optimization problem on a 2-sphere that quickly converges to the global solution. We further propose a 3D point descriptor that is invariant to 3D reflection symmetry using the spectral properties of the geodesic distance matrix constructed from the neighbors of a point. This helps us in decoupling the chicken-and-egg problem of finding optimal symmetry plane and correspondences between the reflective symmetric points. We show that the proposed approach achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the benchmarks dataset.      
### 24.AutoPhoto: Aesthetic Photo Capture using Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09923.pdf)
>  The process of capturing a well-composed photo is difficult and it takes years of experience to master. We propose a novel pipeline for an autonomous agent to automatically capture an aesthetic photograph by navigating within a local region in a scene. Instead of classical optimization over heuristics such as the rule-of-thirds, we adopt a data-driven aesthetics estimator to assess photo quality. A reinforcement learning framework is used to optimize the model with respect to the learned aesthetics metric. We train our model in simulation with indoor scenes, and we demonstrate that our system can capture aesthetic photos in both simulation and real world environments on a ground robot. To our knowledge, this is the first system that can automatically explore an environment to capture an aesthetic photo with respect to a learned aesthetic estimator.      
### 25.Survey: Transformer based Video-Language Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09920.pdf)
>  Inspired by the success of transformer-based pre-training methods on natural language tasks and further computer vision tasks, researchers have begun to apply transformer to video processing. This survey aims to give a comprehensive overview on transformer-based pre-training methods for Video-Language learning. We first briefly introduce the transformer tructure as the background knowledge, including attention mechanism, position encoding etc. We then describe the typical paradigm of pre-training &amp; fine-tuning on Video-Language processing in terms of proxy tasks, downstream tasks and commonly used video datasets. Next, we categorize transformer models into Single-Stream and Multi-Stream structures, highlight their innovations and compare their performances. Finally, we analyze and discuss the current challenges and possible future research directions for Video-Language pre-training.      
### 26.Physics-based Human Motion Estimation and Synthesis from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09913.pdf)
>  Human motion synthesis is an important problem with applications in graphics, gaming and simulation environments for robotics. Existing methods require accurate motion capture data for training, which is costly to obtain. Instead, we propose a framework for training generative models of physically plausible human motion directly from monocular RGB videos, which are much more widely available. At the core of our method is a novel optimization formulation that corrects imperfect image-based pose estimations by enforcing physics constraints and reasons about contacts in a differentiable way. This optimization yields corrected 3D poses and motions, as well as their corresponding contact forces. Results show that our physically-corrected motions significantly outperform prior work on pose estimation. We can then use these to train a generative model to synthesize future motion. We demonstrate both qualitatively and quantitatively significantly improved motion estimation, synthesis quality and physical plausibility achieved by our method on the large scale Human3.6m dataset \cite{h36m_pami} as compared to prior kinematic and physics-based methods. By enabling learning of motion synthesis from video, our method paves the way for large-scale, realistic and diverse motion synthesis.      
### 27.On the Importance of Distractors for Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09883.pdf)
>  Few-shot classification aims at classifying categories of a novel task by learning from just a few (typically, 1 to 5) labelled examples. An effective approach to few-shot classification involves a prior model trained on a large-sample base domain, which is then finetuned over the novel few-shot task to yield generalizable representations. However, task-specific finetuning is prone to overfitting due to the lack of enough training examples. To alleviate this issue, we propose a new finetuning approach based on contrastive learning that reuses unlabelled examples from the base domain in the form of distractors. Unlike the nature of unlabelled data used in prior works, distractors belong to classes that do not overlap with the novel categories. We demonstrate for the first time that inclusion of such distractors can significantly boost few-shot generalization. Our technical novelty includes a stochastic pairing of examples sharing the same category in the few-shot task and a weighting term that controls the relative influence of task-specific negatives and distractors. An important aspect of our finetuning objective is that it is agnostic to distractor labels and hence applicable to various base domain settings. Compared to state-of-the-art approaches, our method shows accuracy gains of up to $12\%$ in cross-domain and up to $5\%$ in unsupervised prior-learning settings.      
### 28.Estimating and Exploiting the Aleatoric Uncertainty in Surface Normal Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09881.pdf)
>  Surface normal estimation from a single image is an important task in 3D scene understanding. In this paper, we address two limitations shared by the existing methods: the inability to estimate the aleatoric uncertainty and lack of detail in the prediction. The proposed network estimates the per-pixel surface normal probability distribution. We introduce a new parameterization for the distribution, such that its negative log-likelihood is the angular loss with learned attenuation. The expected value of the angular error is then used as a measure of the aleatoric uncertainty. We also present a novel decoder framework where pixel-wise multi-layer perceptrons are trained on a subset of pixels sampled based on the estimated uncertainty. The proposed uncertainty-guided sampling prevents the bias in training towards large planar surfaces and improves the quality of prediction, especially near object boundaries and on small structures. Experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art in ScanNet and NYUv2, and that the estimated uncertainty correlates well with the prediction error. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/baegwangbin/surface_normal_uncertainty" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Augmenting Depth Estimation with Geospatial Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09879.pdf)
>  Modern cameras are equipped with a wide array of sensors that enable recording the geospatial context of an image. Taking advantage of this, we explore depth estimation under the assumption that the camera is geocalibrated, a problem we refer to as geo-enabled depth estimation. Our key insight is that if capture location is known, the corresponding overhead viewpoint offers a valuable resource for understanding the scale of the scene. We propose an end-to-end architecture for depth estimation that uses geospatial context to infer a synthetic ground-level depth map from a co-located overhead image, then fuses it inside of an encoder/decoder style segmentation network. To support evaluation of our methods, we extend a recently released dataset with overhead imagery and corresponding height maps. Results demonstrate that integrating geospatial context significantly reduces error compared to baselines, both at close ranges and when evaluating at much larger distances than existing benchmarks consider.      
### 30.Object Detection in Thermal Spectrum for Advanced Driver-Assistance Systems (ADAS)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09854.pdf)
>  Object detection in thermal infrared spectrum provides more reliable data source in low-lighting conditions and different weather conditions, as it is useful both in-cabin and outside for pedestrian, animal, and vehicular detection as well as for detecting street-signs &amp; lighting poles. This paper is about exploring and adapting state-of-the-art object detection and classifier framework on thermal vision with seven distinct classes for advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS). The trained network variants on public datasets are validated on test data with three different test approaches which include test-time with no augmentation, test-time augmentation, and test-time with model ensembling. Additionally, the efficacy of trained networks is tested on locally gathered novel test-data captured with an uncooled LWIR prototype thermal camera in challenging weather and environmental scenarios. The performance analysis of trained models is investigated by computing precision, recall, and mean average precision scores (mAP). Furthermore, the trained model architecture is optimized using TensorRT inference accelerator and deployed on resource-constrained edge hardware Nvidia Jetson Nano to explicitly reduce the inference time on GPU as well as edge devices for further real-time onboard installations.      
### 31.Balanced-MixUp for Highly Imbalanced Medical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09850.pdf)
>  Highly imbalanced datasets are ubiquitous in medical image classification problems. In such problems, it is often the case that rare classes associated to less prevalent diseases are severely under-represented in labeled databases, typically resulting in poor performance of machine learning algorithms due to overfitting in the learning process. In this paper, we propose a novel mechanism for sampling training data based on the popular MixUp regularization technique, which we refer to as Balanced-MixUp. In short, Balanced-MixUp simultaneously performs regular (i.e., instance-based) and balanced (i.e., class-based) sampling of the training data. The resulting two sets of samples are then mixed-up to create a more balanced training distribution from which a neural network can effectively learn without incurring in heavily under-fitting the minority classes. We experiment with a highly imbalanced dataset of retinal images (55K samples, 5 classes) and a long-tail dataset of gastro-intestinal video frames (10K images, 23 classes), using two CNNs of varying representation capabilities. Experimental results demonstrate that applying Balanced-MixUp outperforms other conventional sampling schemes and loss functions specifically designed to deal with imbalanced data. Code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/agaldran/balanced_mixup" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 32.Viewpoint Invariant Dense Matching for Visual Geolocalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09827.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a novel method for image matching based on dense local features and tailored for visual geolocalization. Dense local features matching is robust against changes in illumination and occlusions, but not against viewpoint shifts which are a fundamental aspect of geolocalization. Our method, called GeoWarp, directly embeds invariance to viewpoint shifts in the process of extracting dense features. This is achieved via a trainable module which learns from the data an invariance that is meaningful for the task of recognizing places. We also devise a new self-supervised loss and two new weakly supervised losses to train this module using only unlabeled data and weak labels. GeoWarp is implemented efficiently as a re-ranking method that can be easily embedded into pre-existing visual geolocalization pipelines. Experimental validation on standard geolocalization benchmarks demonstrates that GeoWarp boosts the accuracy of state-of-the-art retrieval architectures. The code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gmberton/geo_warp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 33.Well Googled is Half Done: Multimodal Forecasting of New Fashion Product Sales with Image-based Google Trends  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09824.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the effectiveness of systematically probing Google Trendsagainst textual translations of visual aspects as exogenous knowledge to predict the sales of brand-new fashion items, where past sales data is not available, but only an image and few metadata are available. In particular, we propose GTM-Transformer, standing for Google Trends Multimodal Transformer, whose encoder works on the representation of the exogenous time series, while the decoder forecasts the sales using the Google Trends encoding, and the available visual and metadata information. Our model works in a non-autoregressive manner, avoiding the compounding effect of the first-step errors. As a second contribution, we present the VISUELLE dataset, which is the first publicly available dataset for the task of new fashion product sales forecasting, containing the sales of 5577 new products sold between 2016-2019, derived from genuine historical data ofNunalie, an Italian fast-fashion company. Our dataset is equipped with images of products, metadata, related sales, and associated Google Trends. We use VISUELLE to compare our approach against state-of-the-art alternatives and numerous baselines, showing that GTM-Transformer is the most accurate in terms of both percentage and absolute error. It is worth noting that the addition of exogenous knowledge boosts the forecasting accuracy by 1.5% WAPE wise, showing the importance of exploiting Google Trends. The code and dataset are both available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HumaticsLAB/GTM-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Skin Deep Unlearning: Artefact and Instrument Debiasing in the Context of Melanoma Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09818.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks have demonstrated dermatologist-level performance in the classification of melanoma and other skin lesions, but prediction irregularities due to biases seen within the training data are an issue that should be addressed before widespread deployment is possible. In this work, we robustly remove bias and spurious variation from an automated melanoma classification pipeline using two leading bias unlearning techniques. We show that the biases introduced by surgical markings and rulers presented in previous studies can be reasonably mitigated using these bias removal methods. We also demonstrate the generalisation benefits of unlearning spurious variation relating to the imaging instrument used to capture lesion images. Contributions of this work include the application of different debiasing techniques for artefact bias removal and the concept of instrument bias unlearning for domain generalisation in melanoma detection. Our experimental results provide evidence that the effects of each of the aforementioned biases are notably reduced, with different debiasing techniques excelling at different tasks.      
### 35.Integrated Construction of Multimodal Atlases with Structural Connectomes in the Space of Riemannian Metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09808.pdf)
>  The structural network of the brain, or structural connectome, can be represented by fiber bundles generated by a variety of tractography methods. While such methods give qualitative insights into brain structure, there is controversy over whether they can provide quantitative information, especially at the population level. In order to enable population-level statistical analysis of the structural connectome, we propose representing a connectome as a Riemannian metric, which is a point on an infinite-dimensional manifold. We equip this manifold with the Ebin metric, a natural metric structure for this space, to get a Riemannian manifold along with its associated geometric properties. We then use this Riemannian framework to apply object-oriented statistical analysis to define an atlas as the Fréchet mean of a population of Riemannian metrics. This formulation ties into the existing framework for diffeomorphic construction of image atlases, allowing us to construct a multimodal atlas by simultaneously integrating complementary white matter structure details from DWMRI and cortical details from T1-weighted MRI. We illustrate our framework with 2D data examples of connectome registration and atlas formation. Finally, we build an example 3D multimodal atlas using T1 images and connectomes derived from diffusion tensors estimated from a subset of subjects from the Human Connectome Project.      
### 36.Data-driven controllers and the need for perception systems in underwater manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10327.pdf)
>  The underwater environment poses a complex problem for developing autonomous capabilities for Underwater Vehicle Manipulator Systems (UVMSs). The modeling of UVMSs is a complicated and costly process due to the highly nonlinear dynamics and the presence of unknown hydrodynamical effects. This is aggravated in tasks where the manipulation of objects is necessary, as this may not only introduce external disturbances that can lead to a fast degradation of the control system performance, but also requires the coordinating with a vision system for the correct grasping and operation of the object. In this article, we introduce a control strategy for UVMSs working with unknown payloads. The proposed control strategy is based on a data-driven optimal controller. We present a number of experimental results showing the benefits of the proposed strategy. Furthermore, we include a discussion regarding the visual perception requirements for the UVMS in order to achieve full autonomy in underwater manipulation tasks of unknown payloads.      
### 37.Learning PAC-Bayes Priors for Probabilistic Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10304.pdf)
>  Recent works have investigated deep learning models trained by optimising PAC-Bayes bounds, with priors that are learnt on subsets of the data. This combination has been shown to lead not only to accurate classifiers, but also to remarkably tight risk certificates, bearing promise towards self-certified learning (i.e. use all the data to learn a predictor and certify its quality). In this work, we empirically investigate the role of the prior. We experiment on 6 datasets with different strategies and amounts of data to learn data-dependent PAC-Bayes priors, and we compare them in terms of their effect on test performance of the learnt predictors and tightness of their risk certificate. We ask what is the optimal amount of data which should be allocated for building the prior and show that the optimum may be dataset dependent. We demonstrate that using a small percentage of the prior-building data for validation of the prior leads to promising results. We include a comparison of underparameterised and overparameterised models, along with an empirical study of different training objectives and regularisation strategies to learn the prior distribution.      
### 38.TrOCR: Transformer-based Optical Character Recognition with Pre-trained Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10282.pdf)
>  Text recognition is a long-standing research problem for document digitalization. Existing approaches for text recognition are usually built based on CNN for image understanding and RNN for char-level text generation. In addition, another language model is usually needed to improve the overall accuracy as a post-processing step. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end text recognition approach with pre-trained image Transformer and text Transformer models, namely TrOCR, which leverages the Transformer architecture for both image understanding and wordpiece-level text generation. The TrOCR model is simple but effective, and can be pre-trained with large-scale synthetic data and fine-tuned with human-labeled datasets. Experiments show that the TrOCR model outperforms the current state-of-the-art models on both printed and handwritten text recognition tasks. The code and models will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://aka.ms/TrOCR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Comparison of single and multitask learning for predicting cognitive decline based on MRI data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10266.pdf)
>  The Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) is a neuropsychological tool that has been designed to assess the severity of cognitive symptoms of dementia. Personalized prediction of the changes in ADAS-Cog scores could help in timing therapeutic interventions in dementia and at-risk populations. In the present work, we compared single and multitask learning approaches to predict the changes in ADAS-Cog scores based on T1-weighted anatomical magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). In contrast to most machine learning-based prediction methods ADAS-Cog changes, we stratified the subjects based on their baseline diagnoses and evaluated the prediction performances in each group. Our experiments indicated a positive relationship between the predicted and observed ADAS-Cog score changes in each diagnostic group, suggesting that T1-weighted MRI has a predictive value for evaluating cognitive decline in the entire AD continuum. We further studied whether correction of the differences in the magnetic field strength of MRI would improve the ADAS-Cog score prediction. The partial least square-based domain adaptation slightly improved the prediction performance, but the improvement was marginal. In summary, this study demonstrated that ADAS-Cog change could be, to some extent, predicted based on anatomical MRI. Based on this study, the recommended method for learning the predictive models is a single-task regularized linear regression due to its simplicity and good performance. It appears important to combine the training data across all subject groups for the most effective predictive models.      
### 40.Does Vision-and-Language Pretraining Improve Lexical Grounding?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10246.pdf)
>  Linguistic representations derived from text alone have been criticized for their lack of grounding, i.e., connecting words to their meanings in the physical world. Vision-and-Language (VL) models, trained jointly on text and image or video data, have been offered as a response to such criticisms. However, while VL pretraining has shown success on multimodal tasks such as visual question answering, it is not yet known how the internal linguistic representations themselves compare to their text-only counterparts. This paper compares the semantic representations learned via VL vs. text-only pretraining for two recent VL models using a suite of analyses (clustering, probing, and performance on a commonsense question answering task) in a language-only setting. We find that the multimodal models fail to significantly outperform the text-only variants, suggesting that future work is required if multimodal pretraining is to be pursued as a means of improving NLP in general.      
### 41.Self-supervised Representation Learning for Reliable Robotic Monitoring of Fruit Anomalies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10135.pdf)
>  Data augmentation can be a simple yet powerful tool for autonomous robots to fully utilise available data for self-supervised identification of atypical scenes or objects. State-of-the-art augmentation methods arbitrarily embed structural peculiarity in focal objects on typical images so that classifying these artefacts can provide guidance for learning representations for the detection of anomalous visual inputs. In this paper, however, we argue that learning such structure-sensitive representations can be a suboptimal approach to some classes of anomaly (e.g., unhealthy fruits) which are better recognised by a different type of visual element such as "colour". We thus propose Channel Randomisation as a novel data augmentation method for restricting neural network models to learn encoding of "colour irregularity" whilst predicting channel-randomised images to ultimately build reliable fruit-monitoring robots identifying atypical fruit qualities. Our experiments show that (1) the colour-based alternative can better learn representations for consistently accurate identification of fruit anomalies in various fruit species, and (2) validation accuracy can be monitored for early stopping of training due to positive correlation between the colour-learning task and fruit anomaly detection. Moreover, the proposed approach is evaluated on a new anomaly dataset Riseholme-2021, consisting of 3:5K strawberry images collected from a mobile robot, which we share with the community to encourage active agri-robotics research.      
### 42.Scale-aware direct monocular odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10077.pdf)
>  We present a framework for direct monocular odometry based on depth prediction from a deep neural network. In contrast with existing methods where depth information is only partially exploited, we formulate a novel depth prediction residual which allows us to incorporate multi-view depth information. In addition, we propose to use a truncated robust cost function which prevents considering inconsistent depth estimations. The photometric and depth-prediction measurements are integrated in a tightly-coupled optimization leading to a scale-aware monocular system which does not accumulate scale drift. We demonstrate the validity of our proposal evaluating it on the KITTI odometry dataset and comparing it with state-of-the-art monocular and stereo SLAM systems. Experiments show that our proposal largely outperforms classic monocular SLAM, being 5 to 9 times more precise, with an accuracy which is closer to that of stereo systems.      
### 43.Self-Supervised Action-Space Prediction for Automated Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10024.pdf)
>  Making informed driving decisions requires reliable prediction of other vehicles' trajectories. In this paper, we present a novel learned multi-modal trajectory prediction architecture for automated driving. It achieves kinematically feasible predictions by casting the learning problem into the space of accelerations and steering angles -- by performing action-space prediction, we can leverage valuable model knowledge. Additionally, the dimensionality of the action manifold is lower than that of the state manifold, whose intrinsically correlated states are more difficult to capture in a learned manner. For the purpose of action-space prediction, we present the simple Feed-Forward Action-Space Prediction (FFW-ASP) architecture. Then, we build on this notion and introduce the novel Self-Supervised Action-Space Prediction (SSP-ASP) architecture that outputs future environment context features in addition to trajectories. A key element in the self-supervised architecture is that, based on an observed action history and past context features, future context features are predicted prior to future trajectories. The proposed methods are evaluated on real-world datasets containing urban intersections and roundabouts, and show accurate predictions, outperforming state-of-the-art for kinematically feasible predictions in several prediction metrics.      
### 44.Automated segmentation and extraction of posterior eye segment using OCT scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10000.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an automated method for the segmentation and extraction of the posterior segment of the human eye, including the vitreous, retina, choroid, and sclera compartments, using multi-vendor optical coherence tomography (OCT) scans. The proposed method works in two phases. First extracts the retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) layer by applying the adaptive thresholding technique to identify the retina-choroid junction. Then, it exploits the structure tensor guided approach to extract the inner limiting membrane (ILM) and the choroidal stroma (CS) layers, locating the vitreous-retina and choroid-sclera junctions in the candidate OCT scan. Furthermore, these three junction boundaries are utilized to conduct posterior eye compartmentalization effectively for both healthy and disease eye OCT scans. The proposed framework is evaluated over 1000 OCT scans, where it obtained the mean intersection over union (IoU) and mean Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) scores of 0.874 and 0.930, respectively.      
### 45.AirDOS: Dynamic SLAM benefits from Articulated Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09903.pdf)
>  Dynamic Object-aware SLAM (DOS) exploits object-level information to enable robust motion estimation in dynamic environments. It has attracted increasing attention with the recent success of learning-based models. Existing methods mainly focus on identifying and excluding dynamic objects from the optimization. In this paper, we show that feature-based visual SLAM systems can also benefit from the presence of dynamic articulated objects by taking advantage of two observations: (1) The 3D structure of an articulated object remains consistent over time; (2) The points on the same object follow the same motion. In particular, we present AirDOS, a dynamic object-aware system that introduces rigidity and motion constraints to model articulated objects. By jointly optimizing the camera pose, object motion, and the object 3D structure, we can rectify the camera pose estimation, preventing tracking loss, and generate 4D spatio-temporal maps for both dynamic objects and static scenes. Experiments show that our algorithm improves the robustness of visual SLAM algorithms in challenging crowded urban environments. To the best of our knowledge, AirDOS is the first dynamic object-aware SLAM system demonstrating that camera pose estimation can be improved by incorporating dynamic articulated objects.      
### 46.Multifield Cosmology with Artificial Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09747.pdf)
>  Astrophysical processes such as feedback from supernovae and active galactic nuclei modify the properties and spatial distribution of dark matter, gas, and galaxies in a poorly understood way. This uncertainty is one of the main theoretical obstacles to extract information from cosmological surveys. We use 2,000 state-of-the-art hydrodynamic simulations from the CAMELS project spanning a wide variety of cosmological and astrophysical models and generate hundreds of thousands of 2-dimensional maps for 13 different fields: from dark matter to gas and stellar properties. We use these maps to train convolutional neural networks to extract the maximum amount of cosmological information while marginalizing over astrophysical effects at the field level. Although our maps only cover a small area of $(25~h^{-1}{\rm Mpc})^2$, and the different fields are contaminated by astrophysical effects in very different ways, our networks can infer the values of $\Omega_{\rm m}$ and $\sigma_8$ with a few percent level precision for most of the fields. We find that the marginalization performed by the network retains a wealth of cosmological information compared to a model trained on maps from gravity-only N-body simulations that are not contaminated by astrophysical effects. Finally, we train our networks on multifields -- 2D maps that contain several fields as different colors or channels -- and find that not only they can infer the value of all parameters with higher accuracy than networks trained on individual fields, but they can constrain the value of $\Omega_{\rm m}$ with higher accuracy than the maps from the N-body simulations.      
### 47.An Optimal Control Framework for Joint-channel Parallel MRI Reconstruction without Coil Sensitivities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09738.pdf)
>  Goal: This work aims at developing a novel calibration-free fast parallel MRI (pMRI) reconstruction method incorporate with discrete-time optimal control framework. The reconstruction model is designed to learn a regularization that combines channels and extracts features by leveraging the information sharing among channels of multi-coil images. We propose to recover both magnitude and phase information by taking advantage of structured multiplayer convolutional networks in image and Fourier spaces. Methods: We develop a novel variational model with a learnable objective function that integrates an adaptive multi-coil image combination operator and effective image regularization in the image and Fourier spaces. We cast the reconstruction network as a structured discrete-time optimal control system, resulting in an optimal control formulation of parameter training where the parameters of the objective function play the role of control variables. We demonstrate that the Lagrangian method for solving the control problem is equivalent to back-propagation, ensuring the local convergence of the training algorithm. Results: We conduct a large number of numerical experiments of the proposed method with comparisons to several state-of-the-art pMRI reconstruction networks on real pMRI datasets. The numerical results demonstrate the promising performance of the proposed method evidently. Conclusion: The proposed method provides a general deep network design and training framework for efficient joint-channel pMRI reconstruction. Significance: By learning multi-coil image combination operator and performing regularizations in both image domain and k-space domain, the proposed method achieves a highly efficient image reconstruction network for pMRI.      
### 48.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Semantic Consistency across Heterogeneous Modalities for MRI Prostate Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09736.pdf)
>  Any novel medical imaging modality that differs from previous protocols e.g. in the number of imaging channels, introduces a new domain that is heterogeneous from previous ones. This common medical imaging scenario is rarely considered in the domain adaptation literature, which handles shifts across domains of the same dimensionality. In our work we rely on stochastic generative modeling to translate across two heterogeneous domains at pixel space and introduce two new loss functions that promote semantic consistency. Firstly, we introduce a semantic cycle-consistency loss in the source domain to ensure that the translation preserves the semantics. Secondly, we introduce a pseudo-labelling loss, where we translate target data to source, label them by a source-domain network, and use the generated pseudo-labels to supervise the target-domain network. Our results show that this allows us to extract systematically better representations for the target domain. In particular, we address the challenge of enhancing performance on VERDICT-MRI, an advanced diffusion-weighted imaging technique, by exploiting labeled mp-MRI data. When compared to several unsupervised domain adaptation approaches, our approach yields substantial improvements, that consistently carry over to the semi-supervised and supervised learning settings.      
### 49.Source-Free Domain Adaptive Fundus Image Segmentation with Denoised Pseudo-Labeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09735.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation typically requires to access source domain data to utilize their distribution information for domain alignment with the target data. However, in many real-world scenarios, the source data may not be accessible during the model adaptation in the target domain due to privacy issue. This paper studies the practical yet challenging source-free unsupervised domain adaptation problem, in which only an existing source model and the unlabeled target data are available for model adaptation. We present a novel denoised pseudo-labeling method for this problem, which effectively makes use of the source model and unlabeled target data to promote model self-adaptation from pseudo labels. Importantly, considering that the pseudo labels generated from source model are inevitably noisy due to domain shift, we further introduce two complementary pixel-level and class-level denoising schemes with uncertainty estimation and prototype estimation to reduce noisy pseudo labels and select reliable ones to enhance the pseudo-labeling efficacy. Experimental results on cross-domain fundus image segmentation show that without using any source images or altering source training, our approach achieves comparable or even higher performance than state-of-the-art source-dependent unsupervised domain adaptation methods.      
### 50.MetaMedSeg: Volumetric Meta-learning for Few-Shot Organ Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09734.pdf)
>  The lack of sufficient annotated image data is a common issue in medical image segmentation. For some organs and densities, the annotation may be scarce, leading to poor model training convergence, while other organs have plenty of annotated data. In this work, we present MetaMedSeg, a gradient-based meta-learning algorithm that redefines the meta-learning task for the volumetric medical data with the goal to capture the variety between the slices. We also explore different weighting schemes for gradients aggregation, arguing that different tasks might have different complexity, and hence, contribute differently to the initialization. We propose an importance-aware weighting scheme to train our model. In the experiments, we present an evaluation of the medical decathlon dataset by extracting 2D slices from CT and MRI volumes of different organs and performing semantic segmentation. The results show that our proposed volumetric task definition leads to up to 30% improvement in terms of IoU compared to related baselines. The proposed update rule is also shown to improve the performance for complex scenarios where the data distribution of the target organ is very different from the source organs.      
### 51.Feature Correlation Aggregation: on the Path to Better Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.09300.pdf)
>  Prior to the introduction of Graph Neural Networks (GNNs), modeling and analyzing irregular data, particularly graphs, was thought to be the Achilles' heel of deep learning. The core concept of GNNs is to find a representation by recursively aggregating the representations of a central node and those of its neighbors. The core concept of GNNs is to find a representation by recursively aggregating the representations of a central node and those of its neighbor, and its success has been demonstrated by many GNNs' designs. However, most of them only focus on using the first-order information between a node and its neighbors. In this paper, we introduce a central node permutation variant function through a frustratingly simple and innocent-looking modification to the core operation of a GNN, namely the Feature cOrrelation aGgregation (FOG) module which learns the second-order information from feature correlation between a node and its neighbors in the pipeline. By adding FOG into existing variants of GNNs, we empirically verify this second-order information complements the features generated by original GNNs across a broad set of benchmarks. A tangible boost in performance of the model is observed where the model surpasses previous state-of-the-art results by a significant margin while employing fewer parameters. (e.g., 33.116% improvement on a real-world molecular dataset using graph convolutional networks).      
### 52.Towards Precise Pruning Points Detection using Semantic-Instance-Aware Plant Models for Grapevine Winter Pruning Automation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07247.pdf)
>  Grapevine winter pruning is a complex task, that requires skilled workers to execute it correctly. The complexity makes it time consuming. It is an operation that requires about 80-120 hours per hectare annually, making an automated robotic system that helps in speeding up the process a crucial tool in large-size vineyards. We will describe (a) a novel expert annotated dataset for grapevine segmentation, (b) a state of the art neural network implementation and (c) generation of pruning points following agronomic rules, leveraging the simplified structure of the plant. With this approach, we are able to generate a set of pruning points on the canes, paving the way towards a correct automation of grapevine winter pruning.      
