# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 20 Sep 2021
### 1.Realistic PointGoal Navigation via Auxiliary Losses and Information Bottleneck  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08677.pdf)
>  We propose a novel architecture and training paradigm for training realistic PointGoal Navigation -- navigating to a target coordinate in an unseen environment under actuation and sensor noise without access to ground-truth localization. Specifically, we find that the primary challenge under this setting is learning localization -- when stripped of idealized localization, agents fail to stop precisely at the goal despite reliably making progress towards it. To address this we introduce a set of auxiliary losses to help the agent learn localization. Further, we explore the idea of treating the precise location of the agent as privileged information -- it is unavailable during test time, however, it is available during training time in simulation. We grant the agent restricted access to ground-truth localization readings during training via an information bottleneck. Under this setting, the agent incurs a penalty for using this privileged information, encouraging the agent to only leverage this information when it is crucial to learning. This enables the agent to first learn navigation and then learn localization instead of conflating these two objectives in training. We evaluate our proposed method both in a semi-idealized (noiseless simulation without Compass+GPS) and realistic (addition of noisy simulation) settings. Specifically, our method outperforms existing baselines on the semi-idealized setting by 18\%/21\% SPL/Success and by 15\%/20\% SPL in the realistic setting. Our improved Success and SPL metrics indicate our agent's improved ability to accurately self-localize while maintaining a strong navigation policy. Our implementation can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NicoGrande/habitat-pointnav-via-ib" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Monitoring Indoor Activity of Daily Living Using Thermal Imaging: A Case Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08672.pdf)
>  Monitoring indoor activities of daily living (ADLs) of a person is neither an easy nor an accurate process. It is subjected to dependency on sensor type, power supply stability, and connectivity stability without mentioning artifacts introduced by the person himself. Multiple challenges have to be overcome in this field, such as; monitoring the precise spatial location of the person, and estimating vital signs like an individuals average temperature. Privacy is another domain of the problem to be thought of with care. Identifying the persons posture without a camera is another challenge. Posture identification assists in the persons fall detection. Thermal imaging could be a proper solution for most of the mentioned challenges. It provides monitoring both the persons average temperature and spatial location while maintaining privacy. In this research, we propose an IoT system for monitoring an indoor ADL using thermal sensor array (TSA). Three classes of ADLs are introduced, which are daily activity, sleeping activity and no-activity respectively. Estimating person average temperature using TSAs is introduced as well in this paper. Results have shown that the three activity classes can be identified as well as the persons average temperature during day and night. The persons spatial location can be determined while his/her privacy is maintained as well.      
### 3.Diverse Generation from a Single Video Made Possible  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08591.pdf)
>  Most advanced video generation and manipulation methods train on a large collection of videos. As such, they are restricted to the types of video dynamics they train on. To overcome this limitation, GANs trained on a single video were recently proposed. While these provide more flexibility to a wide variety of video dynamics, they require days to train on a single tiny input video, rendering them impractical. In this paper we present a fast and practical method for video generation and manipulation from a single natural video, which generates diverse high-quality video outputs within seconds (for benchmark videos). Our method can be further applied to Full-HD video clips within minutes. Our approach is inspired by a recent advanced patch-nearest-neighbor based approach [Granot et al. 2021], which was shown to significantly outperform single-image GANs, both in run-time and in visual quality. Here we generalize this approach from images to videos, by casting classical space-time patch-based methods as a new generative video model. We adapt the generative image patch nearest neighbor approach to efficiently cope with the huge number of space-time patches in a single video. Our method generates more realistic and higher quality results than single-video GANs (confirmed by quantitative and qualitative evaluations). Moreover, it is disproportionally faster (runtime reduced from several days to seconds). Other than diverse video generation, we demonstrate several other challenging video applications, including spatio-temporal video retargeting, video structural analogies and conditional video-inpainting.      
### 4.Self-Supervised Neural Architecture Search for Imbalanced Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08580.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) provides state-of-the-art results when trained on well-curated datasets with annotated labels. However, annotating data or even having balanced number of samples can be a luxury for practitioners from different scientific fields, e.g., in the medical domain. To that end, we propose a NAS-based framework that bears the threefold contributions: (a) we focus on the self-supervised scenario, i.e., where no labels are required to determine the architecture, and (b) we assume the datasets are imbalanced, (c) we design each component to be able to run on a resource constrained setup, i.e., on a single GPU (e.g. Google Colab). Our components build on top of recent developments in self-supervised learning~\citep{zbontar2021barlow}, self-supervised NAS~\citep{kaplan2020self} and extend them for the case of imbalanced datasets. We conduct experiments on an (artificially) imbalanced version of CIFAR-10 and we demonstrate our proposed method outperforms standard neural networks, while using $27\times$ less parameters. To validate our assumption on a naturally imbalanced dataset, we also conduct experiments on ChestMNIST and COVID-19 X-ray. The results demonstrate how the proposed method can be used in imbalanced datasets, while it can be fully run on a single GPU. Code is available \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TimofeevAlex/ssnas_imbalanced" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{here}.      
### 5.Pointly-supervised 3D Scene Parsing with Viewpoint Bottleneck  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08553.pdf)
>  Semantic understanding of 3D point clouds is important for various robotics applications. Given that point-wise semantic annotation is expensive, in this paper, we address the challenge of learning models with extremely sparse labels. The core problem is how to leverage numerous unlabeled points. To this end, we propose a self-supervised 3D representation learning framework named viewpoint bottleneck. It optimizes a mutual-information based objective, which is applied on point clouds under different viewpoints. A principled analysis shows that viewpoint bottleneck leads to an elegant surrogate loss function that is suitable for large-scale point cloud data. Compared with former arts based upon contrastive learning, viewpoint bottleneck operates on the feature dimension instead of the sample dimension. This paradigm shift has several advantages: It is easy to implement and tune, does not need negative samples and performs better on our goal down-streaming task. We evaluate our method on the public benchmark ScanNet, under the pointly-supervised setting. We achieve the best quantitative results among comparable solutions. Meanwhile we provide an extensive qualitative inspection on various challenging scenes. They demonstrate that our models can produce fairly good scene parsing results for robotics applications. Our code, data and models will be made public.      
### 6.Including Keyword Position in Image-based Models for Act Segmentation of Historical Registers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08477.pdf)
>  The segmentation of complex images into semantic regions has seen a growing interest these last years with the advent of Deep Learning. Until recently, most existing methods for Historical Document Analysis focused on the visual appearance of documents, ignoring the rich information that textual content can offer. However, the segmentation of complex documents into semantic regions is sometimes impossible relying only on visual features and recent models embed both visual and textual information. In this paper, we focus on the use of both visual and textual information for segmenting historical registers into structured and meaningful units such as acts. An act is a text recording containing valuable knowledge such as demographic information (baptism, marriage or death) or royal decisions (donation or pardon). We propose a simple pipeline to enrich document images with the position of text lines containing key-phrases and show that running a standard image-based layout analysis system on these images can lead to significant gains. Our experiments show that the detection of acts increases from 38 % of mAP to 74 % when adding textual information, in real use-case conditions where text lines positions and content are extracted with an automatic recognition system.      
### 7.ActionCLIP: A New Paradigm for Video Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08472.pdf)
>  The canonical approach to video action recognition dictates a neural model to do a classic and standard 1-of-N majority vote task. They are trained to predict a fixed set of predefined categories, limiting their transferable ability on new datasets with unseen concepts. In this paper, we provide a new perspective on action recognition by attaching importance to the semantic information of label texts rather than simply mapping them into numbers. Specifically, we model this task as a video-text matching problem within a multimodal learning framework, which strengthens the video representation with more semantic language supervision and enables our model to do zero-shot action recognition without any further labeled data or parameters requirements. Moreover, to handle the deficiency of label texts and make use of tremendous web data, we propose a new paradigm based on this multimodal learning framework for action recognition, which we dub "pre-train, prompt and fine-tune". This paradigm first learns powerful representations from pre-training on a large amount of web image-text or video-text data. Then it makes the action recognition task to act more like pre-training problems via prompt engineering. Finally, it end-to-end fine-tunes on target datasets to obtain strong performance. We give an instantiation of the new paradigm, ActionCLIP, which not only has superior and flexible zero-shot/few-shot transfer ability but also reaches a top performance on general action recognition task, achieving 83.8% top-1 accuracy on Kinetics-400 with a ViT-B/16 as the backbone. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sallymmx/ActionCLIP.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 8.LOF: Structure-Aware Line Tracking based on Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08466.pdf)
>  Lines provide the significantly richer geometric structural information about the environment than points, so lines are widely used in recent Visual Odometry (VO) works. Since VO with lines use line tracking results to locate and map, line tracking is a crucial component in VO. Although the state-of-the-art line tracking methods have made great progress, they are still heavily dependent on line detection or the predicted line segments. In order to relieve the dependencies described above to track line segments completely, accurately, and robustly at higher computational efficiency, we propose a structure-aware Line tracking algorithm based entirely on Optical Flow (LOF). Firstly, we propose a gradient-based strategy to sample pixels on lines that are suitable for line optical flow calculation. Then, in order to align the lines by fully using the structural relationship between the sampled points on it and effectively removing the influence of sampled points on it occluded by other objects, we propose a two-step structure-aware line segment alignment method. Furthermore, we propose a line refinement method to refine the orientation, position, and endpoints of the aligned line segments. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that the proposed LOF outperforms the state-of-the-art performance in line tracking accuracy, robustness, and efficiency, which also improves the location accuracy and robustness of VO system with lines.      
### 9.Messing Up 3D Virtual Environments: Transferable Adversarial 3D Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08465.pdf)
>  In the last few years, the scientific community showed a remarkable and increasing interest towards 3D Virtual Environments, training and testing Machine Learning-based models in realistic virtual worlds. On one hand, these environments could also become a mean to study the weaknesses of Machine Learning algorithms, or to simulate training settings that allow Machine Learning models to gain robustness to 3D adversarial attacks. On the other hand, their growing popularity might also attract those that aim at creating adversarial conditions to invalidate the benchmarking process, especially in the case of public environments that allow the contribution from a large community of people. Most of the existing Adversarial Machine Learning approaches are focused on static images, and little work has been done in studying how to deal with 3D environments and how a 3D object should be altered to fool a classifier that observes it. In this paper, we study how to craft adversarial 3D objects by altering their textures, using a tool chain composed of easily accessible elements. We show that it is possible, and indeed simple, to create adversarial objects using off-the-shelf limited surrogate renderers that can compute gradients with respect to the parameters of the rendering process, and, to a certain extent, to transfer the attacks to more advanced 3D engines. We propose a saliency-based attack that intersects the two classes of renderers in order to focus the alteration to those texture elements that are estimated to be effective in the target engine, evaluating its impact in popular neural classifiers.      
### 10.Cross Modification Attention Based Deliberation Model for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08411.pdf)
>  The conventional encoder-decoder framework for image captioning generally adopts a single-pass decoding process, which predicts the target descriptive sentence word by word in temporal order. Despite the great success of this framework, it still suffers from two serious disadvantages. Firstly, it is unable to correct the mistakes in the predicted words, which may mislead the subsequent prediction and result in error accumulation problem. Secondly, such a framework can only leverage the already generated words but not the possible future words, and thus lacks the ability of global planning on linguistic information. To overcome these limitations, we explore a universal two-pass decoding framework, where a single-pass decoding based model serving as the Drafting Model first generates a draft caption according to an input image, and a Deliberation Model then performs the polishing process to refine the draft caption to a better image description. Furthermore, inspired from the complementarity between different modalities, we propose a novel Cross Modification Attention (CMA) module to enhance the semantic expression of the image features and filter out error information from the draft captions. We integrate CMA with the decoder of our Deliberation Model and name it as Cross Modification Attention based Deliberation Model (CMA-DM). We train our proposed framework by jointly optimizing all trainable components from scratch with a trade-off coefficient. Experiments on MS COCO dataset demonstrate that our approach obtains significant improvements over single-pass decoding baselines and achieves competitive performances compared with other state-of-the-art two-pass decoding based methods.      
### 11.Expression Snippet Transformer for Robust Video-based Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08409.pdf)
>  The recent success of Transformer has provided a new direction to various visual understanding tasks, including video-based facial expression recognition (FER). By modeling visual relations effectively, Transformer has shown its power for describing complicated patterns. However, Transformer still performs unsatisfactorily to notice subtle facial expression movements, because the expression movements of many videos can be too small to extract meaningful spatial-temporal relations and achieve robust performance. To this end, we propose to decompose each video into a series of expression snippets, each of which contains a small number of facial movements, and attempt to augment the Transformer's ability for modeling intra-snippet and inter-snippet visual relations, respectively, obtaining the Expression snippet Transformer (EST). In particular, for intra-snippet modeling, we devise an attention-augmented snippet feature extractor (AA-SFE) to enhance the encoding of subtle facial movements of each snippet by gradually attending to more salient information. In addition, for inter-snippet modeling, we introduce a shuffled snippet order prediction (SSOP) head and a corresponding loss to improve the modeling of subtle motion changes across subsequent snippets by training the Transformer to identify shuffled snippet orders. Extensive experiments on four challenging datasets (i.e., BU-3DFE, MMI, AFEW, and DFEW) demonstrate that our EST is superior to other CNN-based methods, obtaining state-of-the-art performance.      
### 12.PIRenderer: Controllable Portrait Image Generation via Semantic Neural Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08379.pdf)
>  Generating portrait images by controlling the motions of existing faces is an important task of great consequence to social media industries. For easy use and intuitive control, semantically meaningful and fully disentangled parameters should be used as modifications. However, many existing techniques do not provide such fine-grained controls or use indirect editing methods i.e. mimic motions of other individuals. In this paper, a Portrait Image Neural Renderer (PIRenderer) is proposed to control the face motions with the parameters of three-dimensional morphable face models (3DMMs). The proposed model can generate photo-realistic portrait images with accurate movements according to intuitive modifications. Experiments on both direct and indirect editing tasks demonstrate the superiority of this model. Meanwhile, we further extend this model to tackle the audio-driven facial reenactment task by extracting sequential motions from audio inputs. We show that our model can generate coherent videos with convincing movements from only a single reference image and a driving audio stream. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RenYurui/PIRender" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Bio-Inspired Audio-Visual Cues Integration for Visual Attention Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08371.pdf)
>  Visual Attention Prediction (VAP) methods simulates the human selective attention mechanism to perceive the scene, which is significant and imperative in many vision tasks. Most existing methods only consider visual cues, while neglect the accompanied audio information, which can provide complementary information for the scene understanding. In fact, there exists a strong relation between auditory and visual cues, and humans generally perceive the surrounding scene by simultaneously sensing these cues. Motivated by this, a bio-inspired audio-visual cues integration method is proposed for the VAP task, which explores the audio modality to better predict the visual attention map by assisting vision modality. The proposed method consists of three parts: 1) audio-visual encoding, 2) audio-visual location, and 3) multi-cues aggregation parts. Firstly, a refined SoundNet architecture is adopted to encode audio modality for obtaining corresponding features, and a modified 3D ResNet-50 architecture is employed to learn visual features, containing both spatial location and temporal motion information. Secondly, an audio-visual location part is devised to locate the sound source in the visual scene by learning the correspondence between audio-visual information. Thirdly, a multi-cues aggregation part is devised to adaptively aggregate audio-visual information and center-bias prior to generate the final visual attention map. Extensive experiments are conducted on six challenging audiovisual eye-tracking datasets, including DIEM, AVAD, Coutrot1, Coutrot2, SumMe, and ETMD, which shows significant superiority over state-of-the-art visual attention models.      
### 14.GraFormer: Graph Convolution Transformer for 3D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08364.pdf)
>  Exploiting relations among 2D joints plays a crucial role yet remains semi-developed in 2D-to-3D pose estimation. To alleviate this issue, we propose GraFormer, a novel transformer architecture combined with graph convolution for 3D pose estimation. The proposed GraFormer comprises two repeatedly stacked core modules, GraAttention and ChebGConv block. GraAttention enables all 2D joints to interact in global receptive field without weakening the graph structure information of joints, which introduces vital features for later modules. Unlike vanilla graph convolutions that only model the apparent relationship of joints, ChebGConv block enables 2D joints to interact in the high-order sphere, which formulates their hidden implicit relations. We empirically show the superiority of GraFormer through conducting extensive experiments across popular benchmarks. Specifically, GraFormer outperforms state of the art on Human3.6M dataset while using 18$\%$ parameters. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Graformer/GraFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 15.LoGG3D-Net: Locally Guided Global Descriptor Learning for 3D Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08336.pdf)
>  Retrieval-based place recognition is an efficient and effective solution for enabling re-localization within a pre-built map or global data association for Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM). The accuracy of such an approach is heavily dependent on the quality of the extracted scene-level representation. While end-to-end solutions, which learn a global descriptor from input point clouds, have demonstrated promising results, such approaches are limited in their ability to enforce desirable properties at the local feature level. In this paper, we demonstrate that the inclusion of an additional training signal (local consistency loss) can guide the network to learning local features which are consistent across revisits, hence leading to more repeatable global descriptors resulting in an overall improvement in place recognition performance. We formulate our approach in an end-to-end trainable architecture called LoGG3D-Net. Experiments on two large-scale public benchmarks (KITTI and MulRan) show that our method achieves mean $F1_{max}$ scores of $0.939$ and $0.968$ on KITTI and MulRan, respectively while operating in near real-time.      
### 16.Are we ready for beyond-application high-volume data? The Reeds robot perception benchmark dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08250.pdf)
>  This paper presents a dataset, called Reeds, for research on robot perception algorithms. The dataset aims to provide demanding benchmark opportunities for algorithms, rather than providing an environment for testing application-specific solutions. A boat was selected as a logging platform in order to provide highly dynamic kinematics. The sensor package includes six high-performance vision sensors, two long-range lidars, radar, as well as GNSS and an IMU. The spatiotemporal resolution of sensors were maximized in order to provide large variations and flexibility in the data, offering evaluation at a large number of different resolution presets based on the resolution found in other datasets. Reeds also provides means of a fair and reproducible comparison of algorithms, by running all evaluations on a common server backend. As the dataset contains massive-scale data, the evaluation principle also serves as a way to avoid moving data unnecessarily. <br>It was also found that naive evaluation of algorithms, where each evaluation is computed sequentially, was not practical as the fetch and decode task of each frame would not scale well. Instead, each frame is only decoded once and then fed to all algorithms in parallel, including for GPU-based algorithms.      
### 17.Towards agricultural autonomy: crop row detection under varying field conditions using deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08247.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel metric to evaluate the robustness of deep learning based semantic segmentation approaches for crop row detection under different field conditions encountered by a field robot. A dataset with ten main categories encountered under various field conditions was used for testing. The effect on these conditions on the angular accuracy of crop row detection was compared. A deep convolutional encoder decoder network is implemented to predict crop row masks using RGB input images. The predicted mask is then sent to a post processing algorithm to extract the crop rows. The deep learning model was found to be robust against shadows and growth stages of the crop while the performance was reduced under direct sunlight, increasing weed density, tramlines and discontinuities in crop rows when evaluated with the novel metric.      
### 18.A computationally efficient framework for vector representation of persistence diagrams  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08239.pdf)
>  In Topological Data Analysis, a common way of quantifying the shape of data is to use a persistence diagram (PD). PDs are multisets of points in $\mathbb{R}^2$ computed using tools of algebraic topology. However, this multi-set structure limits the utility of PDs in applications. Therefore, in recent years efforts have been directed towards extracting informative and efficient summaries from PDs to broaden the scope of their use for machine learning tasks. We propose a computationally efficient framework to convert a PD into a vector in $\mathbb{R}^n$, called a vectorized persistence block (VPB). We show that our representation possesses many of the desired properties of vector-based summaries such as stability with respect to input noise, low computational cost and flexibility. Through simulation studies, we demonstrate the effectiveness of VPBs in terms of performance and computational cost within various learning tasks, namely clustering, classification and change point detection.      
### 19.Habitat-Matterport 3D Dataset (HM3D): 1000 Large-scale 3D Environments for Embodied AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08238.pdf)
>  We present the Habitat-Matterport 3D (HM3D) dataset. HM3D is a large-scale dataset of 1,000 building-scale 3D reconstructions from a diverse set of real-world locations. Each scene in the dataset consists of a textured 3D mesh reconstruction of interiors such as multi-floor residences, stores, and other private indoor spaces. <br>HM3D surpasses existing datasets available for academic research in terms of physical scale, completeness of the reconstruction, and visual fidelity. HM3D contains 112.5k m^2 of navigable space, which is 1.4 - 3.7x larger than other building-scale datasets such as MP3D and Gibson. When compared to existing photorealistic 3D datasets such as Replica, MP3D, Gibson, and ScanNet, images rendered from HM3D have 20 - 85% higher visual fidelity w.r.t. counterpart images captured with real cameras, and HM3D meshes have 34 - 91% fewer artifacts due to incomplete surface reconstruction. <br>The increased scale, fidelity, and diversity of HM3D directly impacts the performance of embodied AI agents trained using it. In fact, we find that HM3D is `pareto optimal' in the following sense -- agents trained to perform PointGoal navigation on HM3D achieve the highest performance regardless of whether they are evaluated on HM3D, Gibson, or MP3D. No similar claim can be made about training on other datasets. HM3D-trained PointNav agents achieve 100% performance on Gibson-test dataset, suggesting that it might be time to retire that episode dataset.      
### 20.A Divide-and-Merge Point Cloud Clustering Algorithm for LiDAR Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08224.pdf)
>  Clustering objects from the LiDAR point cloud is an important research problem with many applications such as autonomous driving. To meet the real-time requirement, existing research proposed to apply the connected-component-labeling (CCL) technique on LiDAR spherical range image with a heuristic condition to check if two neighbor points are connected. However, LiDAR range image is different from a binary image which has a deterministic condition to tell if two pixels belong to the same component. The heuristic condition used on the LiDAR range image only works empirically, which suggests the LiDAR clustering algorithm should be robust to potential failures of the empirical heuristic condition. To overcome this challenge, this paper proposes a divide-and-merge LiDAR clustering algorithm. This algorithm firstly conducts clustering in each evenly divided local region, then merges the local clustered small components by voting on edge point pairs. Assuming there are $N$ LiDAR points of objects in total with $m$ divided local regions, the time complexity of the proposed algorithm is $O(N)+O(m^2)$. A smaller $m$ means the voting will involve more neighbor points, but the time complexity will become larger. So the $m$ controls the trade-off between the time complexity and the clustering accuracy. A proper $m$ helps the proposed algorithm work in real-time as well as maintain good performance. We evaluate the divide-and-merge clustering algorithm on the SemanticKITTI panoptic segmentation benchmark by cascading it with a state-of-the-art semantic segmentation model. The final performance evaluated through the leaderboard achieves the best among all published methods. The proposed algorithm is implemented with C++ and wrapped as a python function. It can be easily used with the modern deep learning framework in python.      
### 21.Torch.manual_seed(3407) is all you need: On the influence of random seeds in deep learning architectures for computer vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08203.pdf)
>  In this paper I investigate the effect of random seed selection on the accuracy when using popular deep learning architectures for computer vision. I scan a large amount of seeds (up to $10^4$) on CIFAR 10 and I also scan fewer seeds on Imagenet using pre-trained models to investigate large scale datasets. The conclusions are that even if the variance is not very large, it is surprisingly easy to find an outlier that performs much better or much worse than the average.      
### 22.KATANA: Simple Post-Training Robustness Using Test Time Augmentations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08191.pdf)
>  Although Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) achieve excellent performance on many real-world tasks, they are highly vulnerable to adversarial attacks. A leading defense against such attacks is adversarial training, a technique in which a DNN is trained to be robust to adversarial attacks by introducing adversarial noise to its input. This procedure is effective but must be done during the training phase. In this work, we propose a new simple and easy-to-use technique, KATANA, for robustifying an existing pretrained DNN without modifying its weights. For every image, we generate N randomized Test Time Augmentations (TTAs) by applying diverse color, blur, noise, and geometric transforms. Next, we utilize the DNN's logits output to train a simple random forest classifier to predict the real class label. Our strategy achieves state-of-the-art adversarial robustness on diverse attacks with minimal compromise on the natural images' classification. We test KATANA also against two adaptive white-box attacks and it shows excellent results when combined with adversarial training. Code is available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/giladcohen/KATANA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.TANet: A new Paradigm for Global Face Super-resolution via Transformer-CNN Aggregation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08174.pdf)
>  Recently, face super-resolution (FSR) methods either feed whole face image into convolutional neural networks (CNNs) or utilize extra facial priors (e.g., facial parsing maps, facial landmarks) to focus on facial structure, thereby maintaining the consistency of the facial structure while restoring facial details. However, the limited receptive fields of CNNs and inaccurate facial priors will reduce the naturalness and fidelity of the reconstructed face. In this paper, we propose a novel paradigm based on the self-attention mechanism (i.e., the core of Transformer) to fully explore the representation capacity of the facial structure feature. Specifically, we design a Transformer-CNN aggregation network (TANet) consisting of two paths, in which one path uses CNNs responsible for restoring fine-grained facial details while the other utilizes a resource-friendly Transformer to capture global information by exploiting the long-distance visual relation modeling. By aggregating the features from the above two paths, the consistency of global facial structure and fidelity of local facial detail restoration are strengthened simultaneously. Experimental results of face reconstruction and recognition verify that the proposed method can significantly outperform the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 24.Autonomous Vision-based UAV Landing with Collision Avoidance using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08628.pdf)
>  There is a risk of collision when multiple UAVs land simultaneously without communication on the same platform. This work accomplishes vision-based autonomous landing and uses a deep-learning-based method to realize collision avoidance during the landing process.      
### 25.A review of deep learning methods for MRI reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08618.pdf)
>  Following the success of deep learning in a wide range of applications, neural network-based machine-learning techniques have received significant interest for accelerating magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) acquisition and reconstruction strategies. A number of ideas inspired by deep learning techniques for computer vision and image processing have been successfully applied to nonlinear image reconstruction in the spirit of compressed sensing for accelerated MRI. Given the rapidly growing nature of the field, it is imperative to consolidate and summarize the large number of deep learning methods that have been reported in the literature, to obtain a better understanding of the field in general. This article provides an overview of the recent developments in neural-network based approaches that have been proposed specifically for improving parallel imaging. A general background and introduction to parallel MRI is also given from a classical view of k-space based reconstruction methods. Image domain based techniques that introduce improved regularizers are covered along with k-space based methods which focus on better interpolation strategies using neural networks. While the field is rapidly evolving with thousands of papers published each year, in this review, we attempt to cover broad categories of methods that have shown good performance on publicly available data sets. Limitations and open problems are also discussed and recent efforts for producing open data sets and benchmarks for the community are examined.      
### 26.Focus on Impact: Indoor Exploration with Intrinsic Motivation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08521.pdf)
>  Exploration of indoor environments has recently experienced a significant interest, also thanks to the introduction of deep neural agents built in a hierarchical fashion and trained with Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) on simulated environments. Current state-of-the-art methods employ a dense extrinsic reward that requires the complete a priori knowledge of the layout of the training environment to learn an effective exploration policy. However, such information is expensive to gather in terms of time and resources. In this work, we propose to train the model with a purely intrinsic reward signal to guide exploration, which is based on the impact of the robot's actions on the environment. So far, impact-based rewards have been employed for simple tasks and in procedurally generated synthetic environments with countable states. Since the number of states observable by the agent in realistic indoor environments is non-countable, we include a neural-based density model and replace the traditional count-based regularization with an estimated pseudo-count of previously visited states. The proposed exploration approach outperforms DRL-based competitors relying on intrinsic rewards and surpasses the agents trained with a dense extrinsic reward computed with the environment layouts. We also show that a robot equipped with the proposed approach seamlessly adapts to point-goal navigation and real-world deployment.      
### 27.What we see and What we don't see: Imputing Occluded Crowd Structures from Robot Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08494.pdf)
>  We consider the navigation of mobile robots in crowded environments, for which onboard sensing of the crowd is typically limited by occlusions. We address the problem of inferring the human occupancy in the space around the robot, in blind spots, beyond the range of its sensing capabilities. This problem is rather unexplored in spite of the important impact it has on the robot crowd navigation efficiency and safety, which requires the estimation and the prediction of the crowd state around it. In this work, we propose the first solution to sample predictions of possible human presence based on the state of a fewer set of sensed people around the robot as well as previous observations of the crowd activity.      
### 28.CardiSort: a convolutional neural network for cross vendor automated sorting of cardiac MR images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08479.pdf)
>  Objectives: To develop an image-based automatic deep learning method to classify cardiac MR images by sequence type and imaging plane for improved clinical post-processing efficiency. Methods: Multi-vendor cardiac MRI studies were retrospectively collected from 4 centres and 3 vendors. A two-head convolutional neural network ('CardiSort') was trained to classify 35 sequences by imaging sequence (n=17) and plane (n=10). Single vendor training (SVT) on single centre images (n=234 patients) and multi-vendor training (MVT) with multicentre images (n = 479 patients, 3 centres) was performed. Model accuracy was compared to manual ground truth labels by an expert radiologist on a hold-out test set for both SVT and MVT. External validation of MVT (MVTexternal) was performed on data from 3 previously unseen magnet systems from 2 vendors (n=80 patients). Results: High sequence and plane accuracies were observed for SVT (85.2% and 93.2% respectively), and MVT (96.5% and 98.1% respectively) on the hold-out test set. MVTexternal yielded sequence accuracy of 92.7% and plane accuracy of 93.0%. There was high accuracy for common sequences and conventional cardiac planes. Poor accuracy was observed for underrepresented classes and sequences where there was greater variability in acquisition parameters across centres, such as perfusion imaging. Conclusions: A deep learning network was developed on multivendor data to classify MRI studies into component sequences and planes, with external validation. With refinement, it has potential to improve workflow by enabling automated sequence selection, an important first step in completely automated post-processing pipelines.      
### 29.Multimodal Incremental Transformer with Visual Grounding for Visual Dialogue Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08478.pdf)
>  Visual dialogue is a challenging task since it needs to answer a series of coherent questions on the basis of understanding the visual environment. Previous studies focus on the implicit exploration of multimodal co-reference by implicitly attending to spatial image features or object-level image features but neglect the importance of locating the objects explicitly in the visual content, which is associated with entities in the textual content. Therefore, in this paper we propose a {\bf M}ultimodal {\bf I}ncremental {\bf T}ransformer with {\bf V}isual {\bf G}rounding, named MITVG, which consists of two key parts: visual grounding and multimodal incremental transformer. Visual grounding aims to explicitly locate related objects in the image guided by textual entities, which helps the model exclude the visual content that does not need attention. On the basis of visual grounding, the multimodal incremental transformer encodes the multi-turn dialogue history combined with visual scene step by step according to the order of the dialogue and then generates a contextually and visually coherent response. Experimental results on the VisDial v0.9 and v1.0 datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed model, which achieves comparable performance.      
### 30.GoG: Relation-aware Graph-over-Graph Network for Visual Dialog  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08475.pdf)
>  Visual dialog, which aims to hold a meaningful conversation with humans about a given image, is a challenging task that requires models to reason the complex dependencies among visual content, dialog history, and current questions. Graph neural networks are recently applied to model the implicit relations between objects in an image or dialog. However, they neglect the importance of 1) coreference relations among dialog history and dependency relations between words for the question representation; and 2) the representation of the image based on the fully represented question. Therefore, we propose a novel relation-aware graph-over-graph network (GoG) for visual dialog. Specifically, GoG consists of three sequential graphs: 1) H-Graph, which aims to capture coreference relations among dialog history; 2) History-aware Q-Graph, which aims to fully understand the question through capturing dependency relations between words based on coreference resolution on the dialog history; and 3) Question-aware I-Graph, which aims to capture the relations between objects in an image based on fully question representation. As an additional feature representation module, we add GoG to the existing visual dialogue model. Experimental results show that our model outperforms the strong baseline in both generative and discriminative settings by a significant margin.      
### 31.Transformer-Unet: Raw Image Processing with Unet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08417.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation have drawn massive attention as it is important in biomedical image analysis. Good segmentation results can assist doctors with their judgement and further improve patients' experience. Among many available pipelines in medical image analysis, Unet is one of the most popular neural networks as it keeps raw features by adding concatenation between encoder and decoder, which makes it still widely used in industrial field. In the mean time, as a popular model which dominates natural language process tasks, transformer is now introduced to computer vision tasks and have seen promising results in object detection, image classification and semantic segmentation tasks. Therefore, the combination of transformer and Unet is supposed to be more efficient than both methods working individually. In this article, we propose Transformer-Unet by adding transformer modules in raw images instead of feature maps in Unet and test our network in CT82 datasets for Pancreas segmentation accordingly. We form an end-to-end network and gain segmentation results better than many previous Unet based algorithms in our experiment. We demonstrate our network and show our experimental results in this paper accordingly.      
### 32.Semantic Snapping for Guided Multi-View Visualization Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08384.pdf)
>  Visual information displays are typically composed of multiple visualizations that are used to facilitate an understanding of the underlying data. A common example are dashboards, which are frequently used in domains such as finance, process monitoring and business intelligence. However, users may not be aware of existing guidelines and lack expert design knowledge when composing such multi-view visualizations. In this paper, we present semantic snapping, an approach to help non-expert users design effective multi-view visualizations from sets of pre-existing views. When a particular view is placed on a canvas, it is "aligned" with the remaining views -- not with respect to its geometric layout, but based on aspects of the visual encoding itself, such as how data dimensions are mapped to channels. Our method uses an on-the-fly procedure to detect and suggest resolutions for conflicting, misleading, or ambiguous designs, as well as to provide suggestions for alternative presentations. With this approach, users can be guided to avoid common pitfalls encountered when composing visualizations. Our provided examples and case studies demonstrate the usefulness and validity of our approach.      
### 33.Mass Segmentation in Automated 3-D Breast Ultrasound Using Dual-Path U-net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08330.pdf)
>  Automated 3-D breast ultrasound (ABUS) is a newfound system for breast screening that has been proposed as a supplementary modality to mammography for breast cancer detection. While ABUS has better performance in dense breasts, reading ABUS images is exhausting and time-consuming. So, a computer-aided detection system is necessary for interpretation of these images. Mass segmentation plays a vital role in the computer-aided detection systems and it affects the overall performance. Mass segmentation is a challenging task because of the large variety in size, shape, and texture of masses. Moreover, an imbalanced dataset makes segmentation harder. A novel mass segmentation approach based on deep learning is introduced in this paper. The deep network that is used in this study for image segmentation is inspired by U-net, which has been used broadly for dense segmentation in recent years. The system's performance was determined using a dataset of 50 masses including 38 malign and 12 benign lesions. The proposed segmentation method attained a mean Dice of 0.82 which outperformed a two-stage supervised edge-based method with a mean Dice of 0.74 and an adaptive region growing method with a mean Dice of 0.65.      
### 34.Adaptive Hierarchical Dual Consistency for Semi-Supervised Left Atrium Segmentation on Cross-Domain Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08311.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning provides great significance in left atrium (LA) segmentation model learning with insufficient labelled data. Generalising semi-supervised learning to cross-domain data is of high importance to further improve model robustness. However, the widely existing distribution difference and sample mismatch between different data domains hinder the generalisation of semi-supervised learning. In this study, we alleviate these problems by proposing an Adaptive Hierarchical Dual Consistency (AHDC) for the semi-supervised LA segmentation on cross-domain data. The AHDC mainly consists of a Bidirectional Adversarial Inference module (BAI) and a Hierarchical Dual Consistency learning module (HDC). The BAI overcomes the difference of distributions and the sample mismatch between two different domains. It mainly learns two mapping networks adversarially to obtain two matched domains through mutual adaptation. The HDC investigates a hierarchical dual learning paradigm for cross-domain semi-supervised segmentation based on the obtained matched domains. It mainly builds two dual-modelling networks for mining the complementary information in both intra-domain and inter-domain. For the intra-domain learning, a consistency constraint is applied to the dual-modelling targets to exploit the complementary modelling information. For the inter-domain learning, a consistency constraint is applied to the LAs modelled by two dual-modelling networks to exploit the complementary knowledge among different data domains. We demonstrated the performance of our proposed AHDC on four 3D late gadolinium enhancement cardiac MR (LGE-CMR) datasets from different centres and a 3D CT dataset. Compared to other state-of-the-art methods, our proposed AHDC achieved higher segmentation accuracy, which indicated its capability in the cross-domain semi-supervised LA segmentation.      
### 35.Multi-Level Visual Similarity Based Personalized Tourist Attraction Recommendation Using Geo-Tagged Photos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08275.pdf)
>  Geo-tagged photo based tourist attraction recommendation can discover users' travel preferences from their taken photos, so as to recommend suitable tourist attractions to them. However, existing visual content based methods cannot fully exploit the user and tourist attraction information of photos to extract visual features, and do not differentiate the significances of different photos. In this paper, we propose multi-level visual similarity based personalized tourist attraction recommendation using geo-tagged photos (MEAL). MEAL utilizes the visual contents of photos and interaction behavior data to obtain the final embeddings of users and tourist attractions, which are then used to predict the visit probabilities. Specifically, by crossing the user and tourist attraction information of photos, we define four visual similarity levels and introduce a corresponding quintuplet loss to embed the visual contents of photos. In addition, to capture the significances of different photos, we exploit the self-attention mechanism to obtain the visual representations of users and tourist attractions. We conducted experiments on a dataset crawled from Flickr, and the experimental results proved the advantage of this method.      
### 36.Neural Network Based Lidar Gesture Recognition for Realtime Robot Teleoperation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08263.pdf)
>  We propose a novel low-complexity lidar gesture recognition system for mobile robot control robust to gesture variation. Our system uses a modular approach, consisting of a pose estimation module and a gesture classifier. Pose estimates are predicted from lidar scans using a Convolutional Neural Network trained using an existing stereo-based pose estimation system. Gesture classification is accomplished using a Long Short-Term Memory network and uses a sequence of estimated body poses as input to predict a gesture. Breaking down the pipeline into two modules reduces the dimensionality of the input, which could be lidar scans, stereo imagery, or any other modality from which body keypoints can be extracted, making our system lightweight and suitable for mobile robot control with limited computing power. The use of lidar contributes to the robustness of the system, allowing it to operate in most outdoor conditions, to be independent of lighting conditions, and for input to be detected 360 degrees around the robot. The lidar-based pose estimator and gesture classifier use data augmentation and automated labeling techniques, requiring a minimal amount of data collection and avoiding the need for manual labeling. We report experimental results for each module of our system and demonstrate its effectiveness by testing it in a real-world robot teleoperation setting.      
### 37.Stereo Video Reconstruction Without Explicit Depth Maps for Endoscopic Surgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08227.pdf)
>  We introduce the task of stereo video reconstruction or, equivalently, 2D-to-3D video conversion for minimally invasive surgical video. We design and implement a series of end-to-end U-Net-based solutions for this task by varying the input (single frame vs. multiple consecutive frames), loss function (MSE, MAE, or perceptual losses), and network architecture. We evaluate these solutions by surveying ten experts - surgeons who routinely perform endoscopic surgery. We run two separate reader studies: one evaluating individual frames and the other evaluating fully reconstructed 3D video played on a VR headset. In the first reader study, a variant of the U-Net that takes as input multiple consecutive video frames and outputs the missing view performs best. We draw two conclusions from this outcome. First, motion information coming from multiple past frames is crucial in recreating stereo vision. Second, the proposed U-Net variant can indeed exploit such motion information for solving this task. The result from the second study further confirms the effectiveness of the proposed U-Net variant. The surgeons reported that they could successfully perceive depth from the reconstructed 3D video clips. They also expressed a clear preference for the reconstructed 3D video over the original 2D video. These two reader studies strongly support the usefulness of the proposed task of stereo reconstruction for minimally invasive surgical video and indicate that deep learning is a promising approach to this task. Finally, we identify two automatic metrics, LPIPS and DISTS, that are strongly correlated with expert judgement and that could serve as proxies for the latter in future studies.      
### 38.Sign-MAML: Efficient Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning by SignSGD  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07497.pdf)
>  We propose a new computationally-efficient first-order algorithm for Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning (MAML). The key enabling technique is to interpret MAML as a bilevel optimization (BLO) problem and leverage the sign-based SGD(signSGD) as a lower-level optimizer of BLO. We show that MAML, through the lens of signSGD-oriented BLO, naturally yields an alternating optimization scheme that just requires first-order gradients of a learned meta-model. We term the resulting MAML algorithm Sign-MAML. Compared to the conventional first-order MAML (FO-MAML) algorithm, Sign-MAML is theoretically-grounded as it does not impose any assumption on the absence of second-order derivatives during meta training. In practice, we show that Sign-MAML outperforms FO-MAML in various few-shot image classification tasks, and compared to MAML, it achieves a much more graceful tradeoff between classification accuracy and computation efficiency.      
