# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 29 Sep 2021
### 1.$f$-Cal: Calibrated aleatoric uncertainty estimation from neural networks for robot perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13913.pdf)
>  While modern deep neural networks are performant perception modules, performance (accuracy) alone is insufficient, particularly for safety-critical robotic applications such as self-driving vehicles. Robot autonomy stacks also require these otherwise blackbox models to produce reliable and calibrated measures of confidence on their predictions. Existing approaches estimate uncertainty from these neural network perception stacks by modifying network architectures, inference procedure, or loss functions. However, in general, these methods lack calibration, meaning that the predictive uncertainties do not faithfully represent the true underlying uncertainties (process noise). Our key insight is that calibration is only achieved by imposing constraints across multiple examples, such as those in a mini-batch; as opposed to existing approaches which only impose constraints per-sample, often leading to overconfident (thus miscalibrated) uncertainty estimates. By enforcing the distribution of outputs of a neural network to resemble a target distribution by minimizing an $f$-divergence, we obtain significantly better-calibrated models compared to prior approaches. Our approach, $f$-Cal, outperforms existing uncertainty calibration approaches on robot perception tasks such as object detection and monocular depth estimation over multiple real-world benchmarks.      
### 2.PDC-Net+: Enhanced Probabilistic Dense Correspondence Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13912.pdf)
>  Establishing robust and accurate correspondences between a pair of images is a long-standing computer vision problem with numerous applications. While classically dominated by sparse methods, emerging dense approaches offer a compelling alternative paradigm that avoids the keypoint detection step. However, dense flow estimation is often inaccurate in the case of large displacements, occlusions, or homogeneous regions. In order to apply dense methods to real-world applications, such as pose estimation, image manipulation, or 3D reconstruction, it is therefore crucial to estimate the confidence of the predicted matches. <br>We propose the Enhanced Probabilistic Dense Correspondence Network, PDC-Net+, capable of estimating accurate dense correspondences along with a reliable confidence map. We develop a flexible probabilistic approach that jointly learns the flow prediction and its uncertainty. In particular, we parametrize the predictive distribution as a constrained mixture model, ensuring better modelling of both accurate flow predictions and outliers. Moreover, we develop an architecture and an enhanced training strategy tailored for robust and generalizable uncertainty prediction in the context of self-supervised training. Our approach obtains state-of-the-art results on multiple challenging geometric matching and optical flow datasets. We further validate the usefulness of our probabilistic confidence estimation for the tasks of pose estimation, 3D reconstruction, image-based localization, and image retrieval. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PruneTruong/DenseMatching" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.A Contrastive Learning Approach to Auroral Identification and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13899.pdf)
>  Unsupervised learning algorithms are beginning to achieve accuracies comparable to their supervised counterparts on benchmark computer vision tasks, but their utility for practical applications has not yet been demonstrated. In this work, we present a novel application of unsupervised learning to the task of auroral image classification. Specifically, we modify and adapt the Simple framework for Contrastive Learning of Representations (SimCLR) algorithm to learn representations of auroral images in a recently released auroral image dataset constructed using image data from Time History of Events and Macroscale Interactions during Substorms (THEMIS) all-sky imagers. We demonstrate that (a) simple linear classifiers fit to the learned representations of the images achieve state-of-the-art classification performance, improving the classification accuracy by almost 10 percentage points over the current benchmark; and (b) the learned representations naturally cluster into more clusters than exist manually assigned categories, suggesting that existing categorizations are overly coarse and may obscure important connections between auroral types, near-earth solar wind conditions, and geomagnetic disturbances at the earth's surface. Moreover, our model is much lighter than the previous benchmark on this dataset, requiring in the area of fewer than 25\% of the number of parameters. Our approach exceeds an established threshold for operational purposes, demonstrating readiness for deployment and utilization.      
### 4.Image scaling by de la Vallée-Poussin filtered interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13897.pdf)
>  We present a new image scaling method both for downscaling and upscaling, running with any scale factor or desired size. It is based on the sampling of an approximating bivariate polynomial, which globally interpolates the data and is defined by a filter of de la Vallée Poussin type whose action ray is suitable regulated to improve the approximation. The method has been tested on a significant number of different image datasets. The results are evaluated in qualitative and quantitative terms and compared with other available competitive methods. The perceived quality of the resulting scaled images is such that important details are preserved, and the appearance of artifacts is low. Very high-quality measure values in downscaling and the competitive ones in upscaling evidence the effectiveness of the method. Good visual quality, limited computational effort, and moderate memory demanding make the method suitable for real-world applications.      
### 5.Turning old models fashion again: Recycling classical CNN networks using the Lattice Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13885.pdf)
>  In the early 1990s, the first signs of life of the CNN era were given: LeCun et al. proposed a CNN model trained by the backpropagation algorithm to classify low-resolution images of handwritten digits. Undoubtedly, it was a breakthrough in the field of computer vision. But with the rise of other classification methods, it fell out fashion. That was until 2012, when Krizhevsky et al. revived the interest in CNNs by exhibiting considerably higher image classification accuracy on the ImageNet challenge. Since then, the complexity of the architectures are exponentially increasing and many structures are rapidly becoming obsolete. Using multistream networks as a base and the feature infusion precept, we explore the proposed LCNN cross-fusion strategy to use the backbones of former state-of-the-art networks on image classification in order to discover if the technique is able to put these designs back in the game. In this paper, we showed that we can obtain an increase of accuracy up to 63.21% on the NORB dataset we comparing with the original structure. However, no technique is definitive. While our goal is to try to reuse previous state-of-the-art architectures with few modifications, we also expose the disadvantages of our explored strategy.      
### 6.3D Hand Pose and Shape Estimation from RGB Images for Improved Keypoint-Based Hand-Gesture Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13879.pdf)
>  Estimating the 3D hand pose from a 2D image is a well-studied problem and a requirement for several real-life applications such as virtual reality, augmented reality, and hand-gesture recognition. Currently, good estimations can be computed starting from single RGB images, especially when forcing the system to also consider, through a multi-task learning approach, the hand shape when the pose is determined. However, when addressing the aforementioned real-life tasks, performances can drop considerably depending on the hand representation, thus suggesting that stable descriptions are required to achieve satisfactory results. As a consequence, in this paper we present a keypoint-based end-to-end framework for the 3D hand and pose estimation, and successfully apply it to the hand-gesture recognition task as a study case. Specifically, after a pre-processing step where the images are normalized, the proposed pipeline comprises a multi-task semantic feature extractor generating 2D heatmaps and hand silhouettes from RGB images; a viewpoint encoder predicting hand and camera view parameters; a stable hand estimator producing the 3D hand pose and shape; and a loss function designed to jointly guide all of the components during the learning phase. To assess the proposed framework, tests were performed on a 3D pose and shape estimation benchmark dataset, obtaining state-of-the-art performances. What is more, the devised system was also evaluated on 2 hand-gesture recognition benchmark datasets, where the framework significantly outperforms other keypoint-based approaches; indicating that the presented method is an effective solution able to generate stable 3D estimates for the hand pose and shape.      
### 7.Visual resemblance and communicative context constrain the emergence of graphical conventions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13861.pdf)
>  From photorealistic sketches to schematic diagrams, drawing provides a versatile medium for communicating about the visual world. How do images spanning such a broad range of appearances reliably convey meaning? Do viewers understand drawings based solely on their ability to resemble the entities they refer to (i.e., as images), or do they understand drawings based on shared but arbitrary associations with these entities (i.e., as symbols)? In this paper, we provide evidence for a cognitive account of pictorial meaning in which both visual and social information is integrated to support effective visual communication. To evaluate this account, we used a communication task where pairs of participants used drawings to repeatedly communicate the identity of a target object among multiple distractor objects. We manipulated social cues across three experiments and a full internal replication, finding pairs of participants develop referent-specific and interaction-specific strategies for communicating more efficiently over time, going beyond what could be explained by either task practice or a pure resemblance-based account alone. Using a combination of model-based image analyses and crowdsourced sketch annotations, we further determined that drawings did not drift toward arbitrariness, as predicted by a pure convention-based account, but systematically preserved those visual features that were most distinctive of the target object. Taken together, these findings advance theories of pictorial meaning and have implications for how successful graphical conventions emerge via complex interactions between visual perception, communicative experience, and social context.      
### 8.Introduce the Result Into Self-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13860.pdf)
>  Traditional self-attention mechanisms in convolutional networks tend to use only the output of the previous layer as input to the attention network, such as SENet, CBAM, etc. In this paper, we propose a new attention modification method that tries to get the output of the classification network in advance and use it as a part of the input of the attention network. We used the auxiliary classifier proposed in GoogLeNet to obtain the results in advance and pass them into attention networks. we added this mechanism to SE-ResNet for our experiments and achieved a classification accuracy improvement of at most 1.94% on cifar100.      
### 9.NudgeSeg: Zero-Shot Object Segmentation by Repeated Physical Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13859.pdf)
>  Recent advances in object segmentation have demonstrated that deep neural networks excel at object segmentation for specific classes in color and depth images. However, their performance is dictated by the number of classes and objects used for training, thereby hindering generalization to never seen objects or zero-shot samples. To exacerbate the problem further, object segmentation using image frames rely on recognition and pattern matching cues. Instead, we utilize the 'active' nature of a robot and their ability to 'interact' with the environment to induce additional geometric constraints for segmenting zero-shot samples. <br>In this paper, we present the first framework to segment unknown objects in a cluttered scene by repeatedly 'nudging' at the objects and moving them to obtain additional motion cues at every step using only a monochrome monocular camera. We call our framework NudgeSeg. These motion cues are used to refine the segmentation masks. We successfully test our approach to segment novel objects in various cluttered scenes and provide an extensive study with image and motion segmentation methods. We show an impressive average detection rate of over 86% on zero-shot objects.      
### 10.Domain Generalization for Vision-based Driving Trajectory Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13858.pdf)
>  One of the challenges in vision-based driving trajectory generation is dealing with out-of-distribution scenarios. In this paper, we propose a domain generalization method for vision-based driving trajectory generation for autonomous vehicles in urban environments, which can be seen as a solution to extend the Invariant Risk Minimization (IRM) method in complex problems. We leverage an adversarial learning approach to train a trajectory generator as the decoder. Based on the pre-trained decoder, we infer the latent variables corresponding to the trajectories, and pre-train the encoder by regressing the inferred latent variable. Finally, we fix the decoder but fine-tune the encoder with the final trajectory loss. We compare our proposed method with the state-of-the-art trajectory generation method and some recent domain generalization methods on both datasets and simulation, demonstrating that our method has better generalization ability.      
### 11.ViT Cane: Visual Assistant for the Visually Impaired  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13857.pdf)
>  Blind and visually challenged face multiple issues with navigating the world independently. Some of these challenges include finding the shortest path to a destination and detecting obstacles from a distance. To tackle this issue, this paper proposes ViT Cane, which leverages a vision transformer model in order to detect obstacles in real-time. Our entire system consists of a Pi Camera Module v2, Raspberry Pi 4B with 8GB Ram and 4 motors. Based on tactile input using the 4 motors, the obstacle detection model is highly efficient in helping visually impaired navigate unknown terrain and is designed to be easily reproduced. The paper discusses the utility of a Visual Transformer model in comparison to other CNN based models for this specific application. Through rigorous testing, the proposed obstacle detection model has achieved higher performance on the Common Object in Context (COCO) data set than its CNN counterpart. Comprehensive field tests were conducted to verify the effectiveness of our system for holistic indoor understanding and obstacle avoidance.      
### 12.Not Color Blind: AI Predicts Racial Identity from Black and White Retinal Vessel Segmentations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13845.pdf)
>  Background: Artificial intelligence (AI) may demonstrate racial bias when skin or choroidal pigmentation is present in medical images. Recent studies have shown that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can predict race from images that were not previously thought to contain race-specific features. We evaluate whether grayscale retinal vessel maps (RVMs) of patients screened for retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) contain race-specific features. <br>Methods: 4095 retinal fundus images (RFIs) were collected from 245 Black and White infants. A U-Net generated RVMs from RFIs, which were subsequently thresholded, binarized, or skeletonized. To determine whether RVM differences between Black and White eyes were physiological, CNNs were trained to predict race from color RFIs, raw RVMs, and thresholded, binarized, or skeletonized RVMs. Area under the precision-recall curve (AUC-PR) was evaluated. <br>Findings: CNNs predicted race from RFIs near perfectly (image-level AUC-PR: 0.999, subject-level AUC-PR: 1.000). Raw RVMs were almost as informative as color RFIs (image-level AUC-PR: 0.938, subject-level AUC-PR: 0.995). Ultimately, CNNs were able to detect whether RFIs or RVMs were from Black or White babies, regardless of whether images contained color, vessel segmentation brightness differences were nullified, or vessel segmentation widths were normalized. <br>Interpretation: AI can detect race from grayscale RVMs that were not thought to contain racial information. Two potential explanations for these findings are that: retinal vessels physiologically differ between Black and White babies or the U-Net segments the retinal vasculature differently for various fundus pigmentations. Either way, the implications remain the same: AI algorithms have potential to demonstrate racial bias in practice, even when preliminary attempts to remove such information from the underlying images appear to be successful.      
### 13.The VVAD-LRS3 Dataset for Visual Voice Activity Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13789.pdf)
>  Robots are becoming everyday devices, increasing their interaction with humans. To make human-machine interaction more natural, cognitive features like Visual Voice Activity Detection (VVAD), which can detect whether a person is speaking or not, given visual input of a camera, need to be implemented. Neural networks are state of the art for tasks in Image Processing, Time Series Prediction, Natural Language Processing and other domains. Those Networks require large quantities of labeled data. Currently there are not many datasets for the task of VVAD. In this work we created a large scale dataset called the VVAD-LRS3 dataset, derived by automatic annotations from the LRS3 dataset. The VVAD-LRS3 dataset contains over 44K samples, over three times the next competitive dataset (WildVVAD). We evaluate different baselines on four kinds of features: facial and lip images, and facial and lip landmark features. With a Convolutional Neural Network Long Short Term Memory (CNN LSTM) on facial images an accuracy of 92% was reached on the test set. A study with humans showed that they reach an accuracy of 87.93% on the test set.      
### 14.PFENet++: Boosting Few-shot Semantic Segmentation with the Noise-filtered Context-aware Prior Mask  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13788.pdf)
>  In this work, we revisit the prior mask guidance proposed in "Prior Guided Feature Enrichment Network for Few-Shot Segmentation". The prior mask serves as an indicator that highlights the region of interests of unseen categories, and it is effective in achieving better performance on different frameworks of recent studies. <br>However, the current method directly takes the maximum element-to-element correspondence between the query and support features to indicate the probability of belonging to the target class, thus the broader contextual information is seldom exploited during the prior mask generation. To address this issue, first, we propose the Context-aware Prior Mask (CAPM) that leverages additional nearby semantic cues for better locating the objects in query images. Second, since the maximum correlation value is vulnerable to noisy features, we take one step further by incorporating a lightweight Noise Suppression Module (NSM) to screen out the unnecessary responses, yielding high-quality masks for providing the prior knowledge. <br>Both two contributions are experimentally shown to have substantial practical merit, and the new model named PFENet++ significantly outperforms the baseline PFENet as well as all other competitors on three challenging benchmarks PASCAL-5$^i$, COCO-20$^i$ and FSS-1000. <br>The new state-of-the-art performance is achieved without compromising the efficiency, manifesting the potential for being a new strong baseline in few-shot semantic segmentation. <br>Our code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dvlab-research/PFENet++" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.StereoSpike: Depth Learning with a Spiking Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13751.pdf)
>  Depth estimation is an important computer vision task, useful in particular for navigation in autonomous vehicles, or for object manipulation in robotics. Here we solved it using an end-to-end neuromorphic approach, combining two event-based cameras and a Spiking Neural Network (SNN) with a slightly modified U-Net-like encoder-decoder architecture, that we named StereoSpike. More specifically, we used the Multi Vehicle Stereo Event Camera Dataset (MVSEC). It provides a depth ground-truth, which was used to train StereoSpike in a supervised manner, using surrogate gradient descent. We propose a novel readout paradigm to obtain a dense analog prediction -- the depth of each pixel -- from the spikes of the decoder. We demonstrate that this architecture generalizes very well, even better than its non-spiking counterparts, leading to state-of-the-art test accuracy. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first time that such a large-scale regression problem is solved by a fully spiking network. Finally, we show that low firing rates (&lt;10%) can be obtained via regularization, with a minimal cost in accuracy. This means that StereoSpike could be efficiently implemented on neuromorphic chips, opening the door for low power and real time embedded systems.      
### 16.Stable training of autoencoders for hyperspectral unmixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13748.pdf)
>  Neural networks, autoencoders in particular, are one of the most promising solutions for unmixing hyperspectral data, i.e. reconstructing the spectra of observed substances (endmembers) and their relative mixing fractions (abundances). Unmixing is needed for effective hyperspectral analysis and classification. However, as we show in this paper, the training of autoencoders for unmixing is highly dependent on weights initialisation. Some sets of weights lead to degenerate or low performance solutions, introducing negative bias in expected performance. In this work we present the results of experiments investigating autoencoders' stability, verifying the dependence of reconstruction error on initial weights and exploring conditions needed for successful optimisation of autoencoder parameters.      
### 17.Adaptive Attribute and Structure Subspace Clustering Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13742.pdf)
>  Deep self-expressiveness-based subspace clustering methods have demonstrated effectiveness. However, existing works only consider the attribute information to conduct the self-expressiveness, which may limit the clustering performance. In this paper, we propose a novel adaptive attribute and structure subspace clustering network (AASSC-Net) to simultaneously consider the attribute and structure information in an adaptive graph fusion manner. Specifically, we first exploit an auto-encoder to represent input data samples with latent features for the construction of an attribute matrix. We also construct a mixed signed and symmetric structure matrix to capture the local geometric structure underlying data samples. Then, we perform self-expressiveness on the constructed attribute and structure matrices to learn their affinity graphs separately. Finally, we design a novel attention-based fusion module to adaptively leverage these two affinity graphs to construct a more discriminative affinity graph. Extensive experimental results on commonly used benchmark datasets demonstrate that our AASSC-Net significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods. In addition, we conduct comprehensive ablation studies to discuss the effectiveness of the designed modules. The code will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhihaoPENG-CityU" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Compound eye inspired flat lensless imaging with spatially-coded Voronoi-Fresnel phase  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13703.pdf)
>  Lensless cameras are a class of imaging devices that shrink the physical dimensions to the very close vicinity of the image sensor by integrating flat optics and computational algorithms. Here we report a flat lensless camera with spatially-coded Voronoi-Fresnel phase, partly inspired by biological apposition compound eye, to achieve superior image quality. We propose a design principle of maximizing the information in optics to facilitate the computational reconstruction. By introducing a Fourier domain metric, Modulation Transfer Function volume (MTFv), we devise an optimization framework to guide the optimal design of the optical element. The resulting Voronoi-Fresnel phase features an irregular array of quasi-Centroidal Voronoi cells containing a base first-order Fresnel phase function. We demonstrate and verify the imaging performance with a prototype Voronoi-Fresnel lensless camera on a 1.6-megapixel image sensor in various illumination conditions. The proposed design could benefit the development of compact imaging systems working in extreme physical conditions.      
### 19.CIDEr-R: Robust Consensus-based Image Description Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13701.pdf)
>  This paper shows that CIDEr-D, a traditional evaluation metric for image description, does not work properly on datasets where the number of words in the sentence is significantly greater than those in the MS COCO Captions dataset. We also show that CIDEr-D has performance hampered by the lack of multiple reference sentences and high variance of sentence length. To bypass this problem, we introduce CIDEr-R, which improves CIDEr-D, making it more flexible in dealing with datasets with high sentence length variance. We demonstrate that CIDEr-R is more accurate and closer to human judgment than CIDEr-D; CIDEr-R is more robust regarding the number of available references. Our results reveal that using Self-Critical Sequence Training to optimize CIDEr-R generates descriptive captions. In contrast, when CIDEr-D is optimized, the generated captions' length tends to be similar to the reference length. However, the models also repeat several times the same word to increase the sentence length.      
### 20.Motion Deblurring with Real Events  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13695.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an end-to-end learning framework for event-based motion deblurring in a self-supervised manner, where real-world events are exploited to alleviate the performance degradation caused by data inconsistency. To achieve this end, optical flows are predicted from events, with which the blurry consistency and photometric consistency are exploited to enable self-supervision on the deblurring network with real-world data. Furthermore, a piece-wise linear motion model is proposed to take into account motion non-linearities and thus leads to an accurate model for the physical formation of motion blurs in the real-world scenario. Extensive evaluation on both synthetic and real motion blur datasets demonstrates that the proposed algorithm bridges the gap between simulated and real-world motion blurs and shows remarkable performance for event-based motion deblurring in real-world scenarios.      
### 21.Fail-Safe Human Detection for Drones Using a Multi-Modal Curriculum Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13666.pdf)
>  Drones are currently being explored for safety-critical applications where human agents are expected to evolve in their vicinity. In such applications, robust people avoidance must be provided by fusing a number of sensing modalities in order to avoid collisions. Currently however, people detection systems used on drones are solely based on standard cameras besides an emerging number of works discussing the fusion of imaging and event-based cameras. On the other hand, radar-based systems provide up-most robustness towards environmental conditions but do not provide complete information on their own and have mainly been investigated in automotive contexts, not for drones. In order to enable the fusion of radars with both event-based and standard cameras, we present KUL-UAVSAFE, a first-of-its-kind dataset for the study of safety-critical people detection by drones. In addition, we propose a baseline CNN architecture with cross-fusion highways and introduce a curriculum learning strategy for multi-modal data termed SAUL, which greatly enhances the robustness of the system towards hard RGB failures and provides a significant gain of 15% in peak F1 score compared to the use of BlackIn, previously proposed for cross-fusion networks. We demonstrate the real-time performance and feasibility of the approach by implementing the system in an edge-computing unit. We release our dataset and additional material in the project home page.      
### 22.An Efficient Network Design for Face Video Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13626.pdf)
>  Face video super-resolution algorithm aims to reconstruct realistic face details through continuous input video sequences. However, existing video processing algorithms usually contain redundant parameters to guarantee different super-resolution scenes. In this work, we focus on super-resolution of face areas in original video scenes, while rest areas are interpolated. This specific super-resolved task makes it possible to cut redundant parameters in general video super-resolution networks. We construct a dataset consisting entirely of face video sequences for network training and evaluation, and conduct hyper-parameter optimization in our experiments. We use three combined strategies to optimize the network parameters with a simultaneous train-evaluation method to accelerate optimization process. Results show that simultaneous train-evaluation method improves the training speed and facilitates the generation of efficient networks. The generated network can reduce at least 52.4% parameters and 20.7% FLOPs, achieve better performance on PSNR, SSIM compared with state-of-art video super-resolution algorithms. When processing 36x36x1x3 input video frame sequences, the efficient network provides 47.62 FPS real-time processing performance. We name our proposal as hyper-parameter optimization for face Video Super-Resolution (HO-FVSR), which is open-sourced at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yphone/efficient-network-for-face-VSR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Efficient Global-Local Memory for Real-time Instrument Segmentation of Robotic Surgical Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13593.pdf)
>  Performing a real-time and accurate instrument segmentation from videos is of great significance for improving the performance of robotic-assisted surgery. We identify two important clues for surgical instrument perception, including local temporal dependency from adjacent frames and global semantic correlation in long-range duration. However, most existing works perform segmentation purely using visual cues in a single frame. Optical flow is just used to model the motion between only two frames and brings heavy computational cost. We propose a novel dual-memory network (DMNet) to wisely relate both global and local spatio-temporal knowledge to augment the current features, boosting the segmentation performance and retaining the real-time prediction capability. We propose, on the one hand, an efficient local memory by taking the complementary advantages of convolutional LSTM and non-local mechanisms towards the relating reception field. On the other hand, we develop an active global memory to gather the global semantic correlation in long temporal range to current one, in which we gather the most informative frames derived from model uncertainty and frame similarity. We have extensively validated our method on two public benchmark surgical video datasets. Experimental results demonstrate that our method largely outperforms the state-of-the-art works on segmentation accuracy while maintaining a real-time speed.      
### 24.Information Elevation Network for Fast Online Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13572.pdf)
>  Online action detection (OAD) is a task that receives video segments within a streaming video as inputs and identifies ongoing actions within them. It is important to retain past information associated with a current action. However, long short-term memory (LSTM), a popular recurrent unit for modeling temporal information from videos, accumulates past information from the previous hidden and cell states and the extracted visual features at each timestep without considering the relationships between the past and current information. Consequently, the forget gate of the original LSTM can lose the accumulated information relevant to the current action because it determines which information to forget without considering the current action. We introduce a novel information elevation unit (IEU) that lifts up and accumulate the past information relevant to the current action in order to model the past information that is especially relevant to the current action. To the best of our knowledge, our IEN is the first attempt that considers the computational overhead for the practical use of OAD. Through ablation studies, we design an efficient and effective OAD network using IEUs, called an information elevation network (IEN). Our IEN uses visual features extracted by a fast action recognition network taking only RGB frames because extracting optical flows requires heavy computation overhead. On two OAD benchmark datasets, THUMOS-14 and TVSeries, our IEN outperforms state-of-the-art OAD methods using only RGB frames. Furthermore, on the THUMOS-14 dataset, our IEN outperforms the state-of-the-art OAD methods using two-stream features based on RGB frames and optical flows.      
### 25.A Strong Baseline for the VIPriors Data-Efficient Image Classification Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13561.pdf)
>  Learning from limited amounts of data is the hallmark of intelligence, requiring strong generalization and abstraction skills. In a machine learning context, data-efficient methods are of high practical importance since data collection and annotation are prohibitively expensive in many domains. Thus, coordinated efforts to foster progress in this area emerged recently, e.g., in the form of dedicated workshops and competitions. Besides a common benchmark, measuring progress requires strong baselines. We present such a strong baseline for data-efficient image classification on the VIPriors challenge dataset, which is a sub-sampled version of ImageNet-1k with 100 images per class. We do not use any methods tailored to data-efficient classification but only standard models and techniques as well as common competition tricks and thorough hyper-parameter tuning. Our baseline achieves 69.7% accuracy on the VIPriors image classification dataset and outperforms 50% of submissions to the VIPriors 2021 challenge.      
### 26.A hierarchical residual network with compact triplet-center loss for sketch recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13536.pdf)
>  With the widespread use of touch-screen devices, it is more and more convenient for people to draw sketches on screen. This results in the demand for automatically understanding the sketches. Thus, the sketch recognition task becomes more significant than before. To accomplish this task, it is necessary to solve the critical issue of improving the distinction of the sketch features. To this end, we have made efforts in three aspects. First, a novel multi-scale residual block is designed. Compared with the conventional basic residual block, it can better perceive multi-scale information and reduce the number of parameters during training. Second, a hierarchical residual structure is built by stacking multi-scale residual blocks in a specific way. In contrast with the single-level residual structure, the learned features from this structure are more sufficient. Last but not least, the compact triplet-center loss is proposed specifically for the sketch recognition task. It can solve the problem that the triplet-center loss does not fully consider too large intra-class space and too small inter-class space in sketch field. By studying the above modules, a hierarchical residual network as a whole is proposed for sketch recognition and evaluated on Tu-Berlin benchmark thoroughly. The experimental results show that the proposed network outperforms most of baseline methods and it is excellent among non-sequential models at present.      
### 27.Multi-Semantic Image Recognition Model and Evaluating Index for explaining the deep learning models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13531.pdf)
>  Although deep learning models are powerful among various applications, most deep learning models are still a black box, lacking verifiability and interpretability, which means the decision-making process that human beings cannot understand. Therefore, how to evaluate deep neural networks with explanations is still an urgent task. In this paper, we first propose a multi-semantic image recognition model, which enables human beings to understand the decision-making process of the neural network. Then, we presents a new evaluation index, which can quantitatively assess the model interpretability. We also comprehensively summarize the semantic information that affects the image classification results in the judgment process of neural networks. Finally, this paper also exhibits the relevant baseline performance with current state-of-the-art deep learning models.      
### 28.Convolutional Shapelet Transform: A new approach for time series shapelets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13514.pdf)
>  Shapelet-based algorithms are widely used for time series classification because of their ease of interpretation, but they are currently outperformed, notably by methods using convolutional kernels, capable of reaching state-of-the-art performance while being highly scalable. We present a new formulation of time series shapelets including the notion of dilation, and a shapelet extraction method based on convolutional kernels, which is able to target the discriminant information identified by convolutional kernels. Experiments performed on 108 datasets show that our method improves on the state-of-the-art for shapelet algorithms, and we show that it can be used to interpret results from convolutional kernels.      
### 29.Modelling Neighbor Relation in Joint Space-Time Graph for Video Correspondence Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13499.pdf)
>  This paper presents a self-supervised method for learning reliable visual correspondence from unlabeled videos. We formulate the correspondence as finding paths in a joint space-time graph, where nodes are grid patches sampled from frames, and are linked by two types of edges: (i) neighbor relations that determine the aggregation strength from intra-frame neighbors in space, and (ii) similarity relations that indicate the transition probability of inter-frame paths across time. Leveraging the cycle-consistency in videos, our contrastive learning objective discriminates dynamic objects from both their neighboring views and temporal views. Compared with prior works, our approach actively explores the neighbor relations of central instances to learn a latent association between center-neighbor pairs (e.g., "hand -- arm") across time, thus improving the instance discrimination. Without fine-tuning, our learned representation outperforms the state-of-the-art self-supervised methods on a variety of visual tasks including video object propagation, part propagation, and pose keypoint tracking. Our self-supervised method also surpasses some fully supervised algorithms designed for the specific tasks.      
### 30.Towards Rotation Invariance in Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13488.pdf)
>  Rotation augmentations generally improve a model's invariance/equivariance to rotation - except in object detection. In object detection the shape is not known, therefore rotation creates a label ambiguity. We show that the de-facto method for bounding box label rotation, the Largest Box Method, creates very large labels, leading to poor performance and in many cases worse performance than using no rotation at all. We propose a new method of rotation augmentation that can be implemented in a few lines of code. First, we create a differentiable approximation of label accuracy and show that axis-aligning the bounding box around an ellipse is optimal. We then introduce Rotation Uncertainty (RU) Loss, allowing the model to adapt to the uncertainty of the labels. On five different datasets (including COCO, PascalVOC, and Transparent Object Bin Picking), this approach improves the rotational invariance of both one-stage and two-stage architectures when measured with AP, AP50, and AP75. The code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/akasha-imaging/ICCV2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 31.SiamEvent: Event-based Object Tracking via Edge-aware Similarity Learning with Siamese Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13456.pdf)
>  Event cameras are novel sensors that perceive the per-pixel intensity changes and output asynchronous event streams, showing lots of advantages over traditional cameras, such as high dynamic range (HDR) and no motion blur. It has been shown that events alone can be used for object tracking by motion compensation or prediction. However, existing methods assume that the target always moves and is the stand-alone object. Moreover, they fail to track the stopped non-independent moving objects on fixed scenes. In this paper, we propose a novel event-based object tracking framework, called SiamEvent, using Siamese networks via edge-aware similarity learning. Importantly, to find the part having the most similar edge structure of target, we propose to correlate the embedded events at two timestamps to compute the target edge similarity. The Siamese network enables tracking arbitrary target edge by finding the part with the highest similarity score. This extends the possibility of event-based object tracking applied not only for the independent stand-alone moving objects, but also for various settings of the camera and scenes. In addition, target edge initialization and edge detector are also proposed to prevent SiamEvent from the drifting problem. Lastly, we built an open dataset including various synthetic and real scenes to train and evaluate SiamEvent. Extensive experiments demonstrate that SiamEvent achieves up to 15% tracking performance enhancement than the baselines on the real-world scenes and more robust tracking performance in the challenging HDR and motion blur conditions.      
### 32.To Which Out-Of-Distribution Object Orientations Are DNNs Capable of Generalizing?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13445.pdf)
>  The capability of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) to recognize objects in orientations outside the distribution of the training data, ie. out-of-distribution (OoD) orientations, is not well understood. For humans, behavioral studies showed that recognition accuracy varies across OoD orientations, where generalization is much better for some orientations than for others. In contrast, for DNNs, it remains unknown how generalization abilities are distributed among OoD orientations. In this paper, we investigate the limitations of DNNs' generalization capacities by systematically inspecting patterns of success and failure of DNNs across OoD orientations. We use an intuitive and controlled, yet challenging learning paradigm, in which some instances of an object category are seen at only a few geometrically restricted orientations, while other instances are seen at all orientations. The effect of data diversity is also investigated by increasing the number of instances seen at all orientations in the training set. We present a comprehensive analysis of DNNs' generalization abilities and limitations for representative architectures (ResNet, Inception, DenseNet and CORnet). Our results reveal an intriguing pattern -- DNNs are only capable of generalizing to instances of objects that appear like 2D, ie. in-plane, rotations of in-distribution orientations.      
### 33.Warp-Refine Propagation: Semi-Supervised Auto-labeling via Cycle-consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13432.pdf)
>  Deep learning models for semantic segmentation rely on expensive, large-scale, manually annotated datasets. Labelling is a tedious process that can take hours per image. Automatically annotating video sequences by propagating sparsely labeled frames through time is a more scalable alternative. In this work, we propose a novel label propagation method, termed Warp-Refine Propagation, that combines semantic cues with geometric cues to efficiently auto-label videos. Our method learns to refine geometrically-warped labels and infuse them with learned semantic priors in a semi-supervised setting by leveraging cycle consistency across time. We quantitatively show that our method improves label-propagation by a noteworthy margin of 13.1 mIoU on the ApolloScape dataset. Furthermore, by training with the auto-labelled frames, we achieve competitive results on three semantic-segmentation benchmarks, improving the state-of-the-art by a large margin of 1.8 and 3.61 mIoU on NYU-V2 and KITTI, while matching the current best results on Cityscapes.      
### 34.Weakly Supervised Keypoint Discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13423.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method for keypoint discovery from a 2D image using image-level supervision. Recent works on unsupervised keypoint discovery reliably discover keypoints of aligned instances. However, when the target instances have high viewpoint or appearance variation, the discovered keypoints do not match the semantic correspondences over different images. Our work aims to discover keypoints even when the target instances have high viewpoint and appearance variation by using image-level supervision. Motivated by the weakly-supervised learning approach, our method exploits image-level supervision to identify discriminative parts and infer the viewpoint of the target instance. To discover diverse parts, we adopt a conditional image generation approach using a pair of images with structural deformation. Finally, we enforce a viewpoint-based equivariance constraint using the keypoints from the image-level supervision to resolve the spatial correlation problem that consistently appears in the images taken from various viewpoints. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance for the task of keypoint estimation on the limited supervision scenarios. Furthermore, the discovered keypoints are directly applicable to downstream tasks without requiring any keypoint labels.      
### 35.Evaluation of Deep Neural Network Domain Adaptation Techniques for Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13420.pdf)
>  It has been well proved that deep networks are efficient at extracting features from a given (source) labeled dataset. However, it is not always the case that they can generalize well to other (target) datasets which very often have a different underlying distribution. In this report, we evaluate four different domain adaptation techniques for image classification tasks: DeepCORAL, DeepDomainConfusion, CDAN and CDAN+E. These techniques are unsupervised given that the target dataset dopes not carry any labels during training phase. We evaluate model performance on the office-31 dataset. A link to the github repository of this report can be found here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/agrija9/Deep-Unsupervised-Domain-Adaptation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.KITTI-360: A Novel Dataset and Benchmarks for Urban Scene Understanding in 2D and 3D  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13410.pdf)
>  For the last few decades, several major subfields of artificial intelligence including computer vision, graphics, and robotics have progressed largely independently from each other. Recently, however, the community has realized that progress towards robust intelligent systems such as self-driving cars requires a concerted effort across the different fields. This motivated us to develop KITTI-360, successor of the popular KITTI dataset. KITTI-360 is a suburban driving dataset which comprises richer input modalities, comprehensive semantic instance annotations and accurate localization to facilitate research at the intersection of vision, graphics and robotics. For efficient annotation, we created a tool to label 3D scenes with bounding primitives and developed a model that transfers this information into the 2D image domain, resulting in over 150k semantic and instance annotated images and 1B annotated 3D points. Moreover, we established benchmarks and baselines for several tasks relevant to mobile perception, encompassing problems from computer vision, graphics, and robotics on the same dataset. KITTI-360 will enable progress at the intersection of these research areas and thus contributing towards solving one of our grand challenges: the development of fully autonomous self-driving systems.      
### 37.WarpedGANSpace: Finding non-linear RBF paths in GAN latent space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13357.pdf)
>  This work addresses the problem of discovering, in an unsupervised manner, interpretable paths in the latent space of pretrained GANs, so as to provide an intuitive and easy way of controlling the underlying generative factors. In doing so, it addresses some of the limitations of the state-of-the-art works, namely, a) that they discover directions that are independent of the latent code, i.e., paths that are linear, and b) that their evaluation relies either on visual inspection or on laborious human labeling. More specifically, we propose to learn non-linear warpings on the latent space, each one parametrized by a set of RBF-based latent space warping functions, and where each warping gives rise to a family of non-linear paths via the gradient of the function. Building on the work of Voynov and Babenko, that discovers linear paths, we optimize the trainable parameters of the set of RBFs, so as that images that are generated by codes along different paths, are easily distinguishable by a discriminator network. This leads to easily distinguishable image transformations, such as pose and facial expressions in facial images. We show that linear paths can be derived as a special case of our method, and show experimentally that non-linear paths in the latent space lead to steeper, more disentangled and interpretable changes in the image space than in state-of-the art methods, both qualitatively and quantitatively. We make the code and the pretrained models publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chi0tzp/WarpedGANSpace" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Efficient Computer Vision on Edge Devices with Pipeline-Parallel Hierarchical Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13356.pdf)
>  Computer vision on low-power edge devices enables applications including search-and-rescue and security. State-of-the-art computer vision algorithms, such as Deep Neural Networks (DNNs), are too large for inference on low-power edge devices. To improve efficiency, some existing approaches parallelize DNN inference across multiple edge devices. However, these techniques introduce significant communication and synchronization overheads or are unable to balance workloads across devices. This paper demonstrates that the hierarchical DNN architecture is well suited for parallel processing on multiple edge devices. We design a novel method that creates a parallel inference pipeline for computer vision problems that use hierarchical DNNs. The method balances loads across the collaborating devices and reduces communication costs to facilitate the processing of multiple video frames simultaneously with higher throughput. Our experiments consider a representative computer vision problem where image recognition is performed on each video frame, running on multiple Raspberry Pi 4Bs. With four collaborating low-power edge devices, our approach achieves 3.21X higher throughput, 68% less energy consumption per device per frame, and 58% decrease in memory when compared with existing single-device hierarchical DNNs.      
### 39.Unsolved Problems in ML Safety  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13916.pdf)
>  Machine learning (ML) systems are rapidly increasing in size, are acquiring new capabilities, and are increasingly deployed in high-stakes settings. As with other powerful technologies, safety for ML should be a leading research priority. In response to emerging safety challenges in ML, such as those introduced by recent large-scale models, we provide a new roadmap for ML Safety and refine the technical problems that the field needs to address. We present four problems ready for research, namely withstanding hazards ("Robustness"), identifying hazards ("Monitoring"), steering ML systems ("Alignment"), and reducing risks to how ML systems are handled ("External Safety"). Throughout, we clarify each problem's motivation and provide concrete research directions.      
### 40.3N-GAN: Semi-Supervised Classification of X-Ray Images with a 3-Player Adversarial Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13862.pdf)
>  The success of deep learning for medical imaging tasks, such as classification, is heavily reliant on the availability of large-scale datasets. However, acquiring datasets with large quantities of labeled data is challenging, as labeling is expensive and time-consuming. Semi-supervised learning (SSL) is a growing alternative to fully-supervised learning, but requires unlabeled samples for training. In medical imaging, many datasets lack unlabeled data entirely, so SSL can't be conventionally utilized. We propose 3N-GAN, or 3 Network Generative Adversarial Networks, to perform semi-supervised classification of medical images in fully-supervised settings. We incorporate a classifier into the adversarial relationship such that the generator trains adversarially against both the classifier and discriminator. Our preliminary results show improved classification performance and GAN generations over various algorithms. Our work can seamlessly integrate with numerous other medical imaging model architectures and SSL methods for greater performance.      
### 41.Unsupervised Diffeomorphic Surface Registration and Non-Linear Modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13630.pdf)
>  Registration is an essential tool in image analysis. Deep learning based alternatives have recently become popular, achieving competitive performance at a faster speed. However, many contemporary techniques are limited to volumetric representations, despite increased popularity of 3D surface and shape data in medical image analysis. We propose a one-step registration model for 3D surfaces that internalises a lower dimensional probabilistic deformation model (PDM) using conditional variational autoencoders (CVAE). The deformations are constrained to be diffeomorphic using an exponentiation layer. The one-step registration model is benchmarked against iterative techniques, trading in a slightly lower performance in terms of shape fit for a higher compactness. We experiment with two distance metrics, Chamfer distance (CD) and Sinkhorn divergence (SD), as specific distance functions for surface data in real-world registration scenarios. The internalised deformation model is benchmarked against linear principal component analysis (PCA) achieving competitive results and improved generalisability from lower dimensions.      
### 42.Real-Time Glaucoma Detection from Digital Fundus Images using Self-ONNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13604.pdf)
>  Glaucoma leads to permanent vision disability by damaging the optical nerve that transmits visual images to the brain. The fact that glaucoma does not show any symptoms as it progresses and cannot be stopped at the later stages, makes it critical to be diagnosed in its early stages. Although various deep learning models have been applied for detecting glaucoma from digital fundus images, due to the scarcity of labeled data, their generalization performance was limited along with high computational complexity and special hardware requirements. In this study, compact Self-Organized Operational Neural Networks (Self- ONNs) are proposed for early detection of glaucoma in fundus images and their performance is compared against the conventional (deep) Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) over three benchmark datasets: ACRIMA, RIM-ONE, and ESOGU. The experimental results demonstrate that Self-ONNs not only achieve superior detection performance but can also significantly reduce the computational complexity making it a potentially suitable network model for biomedical datasets especially when the data is scarce.      
### 43.SafetyNet: Safe planning for real-world self-driving vehicles using machine-learned policies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13602.pdf)
>  In this paper we present the first safe system for full control of self-driving vehicles trained from human demonstrations and deployed in challenging, real-world, urban environments. Current industry-standard solutions use rule-based systems for planning. Although they perform reasonably well in common scenarios, the engineering complexity renders this approach incompatible with human-level performance. On the other hand, the performance of machine-learned (ML) planning solutions can be improved by simply adding more exemplar data. However, ML methods cannot offer safety guarantees and sometimes behave unpredictably. To combat this, our approach uses a simple yet effective rule-based fallback layer that performs sanity checks on an ML planner's decisions (e.g. avoiding collision, assuring physical feasibility). This allows us to leverage ML to handle complex situations while still assuring the safety, reducing ML planner-only collisions by 95%. We train our ML planner on 300 hours of expert driving demonstrations using imitation learning and deploy it along with the fallback layer in downtown San Francisco, where it takes complete control of a real vehicle and navigates a wide variety of challenging urban driving scenarios.      
### 44.Making Curiosity Explicit in Vision-based RL  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13588.pdf)
>  Vision-based reinforcement learning (RL) is a promising technique to solve control tasks involving images as the main observation. State-of-the-art RL algorithms still struggle in terms of sample efficiency, especially when using image observations. This has led to an increased attention on integrating state representation learning (SRL) techniques into the RL pipeline. Work in this field demonstrates a substantial improvement in sample efficiency among other benefits. However, to take full advantage of this paradigm, the quality of samples used for training plays a crucial role. More importantly, the diversity of these samples could affect the sample efficiency of vision-based RL, but also its generalization capability. In this work, we present an approach to improve the sample diversity. Our method enhances the exploration capability of the RL algorithms by taking advantage of the SRL setup. Our experiments show that the presented approach outperforms the baseline for all tested environments. These results are most apparent for environments where the baseline method struggles. Even in simple environments, our method stabilizes the training, reduces the reward variance and boosts sample efficiency.      
### 45.Metal Artifact Reduction in 2D CT Images with Self-supervised Cross-domain Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13483.pdf)
>  The presence of metallic implants often introduces severe metal artifacts in the X-ray CT images, which could adversely influence clinical diagnosis or dose calculation in radiation therapy. In this work, we present a novel deep-learning-based approach for metal artifact reduction (MAR). In order to alleviate the need for anatomically identical CT image pairs (i.e., metal artifact-corrupted CT image and metal artifact-free CT image) for network learning, we propose a self-supervised cross-domain learning framework. Specifically, we train a neural network to restore the metal trace region values in the given metal-free sinogram, where the metal trace is identified by the forward projection of metal masks. We then design a novel FBP reconstruction loss to encourage the network to generate more perfect completion results and a residual-learning-based image refinement module to reduce the secondary artifacts in the reconstructed CT images. To preserve the fine structure details and fidelity of the final MAR image, instead of directly adopting CNN-refined images as output, we incorporate the metal trace replacement into our framework and replace the metal-affected projections of the original sinogram with the prior sinogram generated by the forward projection of the CNN output. We then use the filtered backward projection (FBP) algorithms for final MAR image reconstruction. We conduct an extensive evaluation on simulated and real artifact data to show the effectiveness of our design. Our method produces superior MAR results and outperforms other compelling methods. We also demonstrate the potential of our framework for other organ sites.      
### 46.Delve into the Performance Degradation of Differentiable Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13466.pdf)
>  Differentiable architecture search (DARTS) is widely considered to be easy to overfit the validation set which leads to performance degradation. We first employ a series of exploratory experiments to verify that neither high-strength architecture parameters regularization nor warmup training scheme can effectively solve this problem. Based on the insights from the experiments, we conjecture that the performance of DARTS does not depend on the well-trained supernet weights and argue that the architecture parameters should be trained by the gradients which are obtained in the early stage rather than the final stage of training. This argument is then verified by exchanging the learning rate schemes of weights and parameters. Experimental results show that the simple swap of the learning rates can effectively solve the degradation and achieve competitive performance. Further empirical evidence suggests that the degradation is not a simple problem of the validation set overfitting but exhibit some links between the degradation and the operation selection bias within bilevel optimization dynamics. We demonstrate the generalization of this bias and propose to utilize this bias to achieve an operation-magnitude-based selective stop.      
### 47.When in Doubt: Improving Classification Performance with Alternating Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13449.pdf)
>  We introduce Classification with Alternating Normalization (CAN), a non-parametric post-processing step for classification. CAN improves classification accuracy for challenging examples by re-adjusting their predicted class probability distribution using the predicted class distributions of high-confidence validation examples. CAN is easily applicable to any probabilistic classifier, with minimal computation overhead. We analyze the properties of CAN using simulated experiments, and empirically demonstrate its effectiveness across a diverse set of classification tasks.      
### 48.Discriminative Attribution from Counterfactuals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13412.pdf)
>  We present a method for neural network interpretability by combining feature attribution with counterfactual explanations to generate attribution maps that highlight the most discriminative features between pairs of classes. We show that this method can be used to quantitatively evaluate the performance of feature attribution methods in an objective manner, thus preventing potential observer bias. We evaluate the proposed method on three diverse datasets, including a challenging artificial dataset and real-world biological data. We show quantitatively and qualitatively that the highlighted features are substantially more discriminative than those extracted using conventional attribution methods and argue that this type of explanation is better suited for understanding fine grained class differences as learned by a deep neural network.      
### 49.IGAN: Inferent and Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13360.pdf)
>  I present IGAN (Inferent Generative Adversarial Networks), a neural architecture that learns both a generative and an inference model on a complex high dimensional data distribution, i.e. a bidirectional mapping between data samples and a simpler low-dimensional latent space. It extends the traditional GAN framework with inference by rewriting the adversarial strategy in both the image and the latent space with an entangled game between data-latent encoded posteriors and priors. It brings a measurable stability and convergence to the classical GAN scheme, while keeping its generative quality and remaining simple and frugal in order to run on a lab PC. IGAN fosters the encoded latents to span the full prior space: this enables the exploitation of an enlarged and self-organised latent space in an unsupervised manner. An analysis of previously published articles sets the theoretical ground for the proposed algorithm. A qualitative demonstration of potential applications like self-supervision or multi-modal data translation is given on common image datasets including SAR and optical imagery.      
### 50.Urban Driver: Learning to Drive from Real-world Demonstrations Using Policy Gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13333.pdf)
>  In this work we are the first to present an offline policy gradient method for learning imitative policies for complex urban driving from a large corpus of real-world demonstrations. This is achieved by building a differentiable data-driven simulator on top of perception outputs and high-fidelity HD maps of the area. It allows us to synthesize new driving experiences from existing demonstrations using mid-level representations. Using this simulator we then train a policy network in closed-loop employing policy gradients. We train our proposed method on 100 hours of expert demonstrations on urban roads and show that it learns complex driving policies that generalize well and can perform a variety of driving maneuvers. We demonstrate this in simulation as well as deploy our model to self-driving vehicles in the real-world. Our method outperforms previously demonstrated state-of-the-art for urban driving scenarios -- all this without the need for complex state perturbations or collecting additional on-policy data during training. We make code and data publicly available.      
### 51.Visually Grounded Reasoning across Languages and Cultures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13238.pdf)
>  The design of widespread vision-and-language datasets and pre-trained encoders directly adopts, or draws inspiration from, the concepts and images of ImageNet. While one can hardly overestimate how much this benchmark contributed to progress in computer vision, it is mostly derived from lexical databases and image queries in English, resulting in source material with a North American or Western European bias. Therefore, we devise a new protocol to construct an ImageNet-style hierarchy representative of more languages and cultures. In particular, we let the selection of both concepts and images be entirely driven by native speakers, rather than scraping them automatically. Specifically, we focus on a typologically diverse set of languages, namely, Indonesian, Mandarin Chinese, Swahili, Tamil, and Turkish. On top of the concepts and images obtained through this new protocol, we create a multilingual dataset for {M}ulticultur{a}l {R}easoning over {V}ision and {L}anguage (MaRVL) by eliciting statements from native speaker annotators about pairs of images. The task consists of discriminating whether each grounded statement is true or false. We establish a series of baselines using state-of-the-art models and find that their cross-lingual transfer performance lags dramatically behind supervised performance in English. These results invite us to reassess the robustness and accuracy of current state-of-the-art models beyond a narrow domain, but also open up new exciting challenges for the development of truly multilingual and multicultural systems.      
### 52.DOODLER: Determining Out-Of-Distribution Likelihood from Encoder Reconstructions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13237.pdf)
>  Deep Learning models possess two key traits that, in combination, make their use in the real world a risky prospect. One, they do not typically generalize well outside of the distribution for which they were trained, and two, they tend to exhibit confident behavior regardless of whether or not they are producing meaningful outputs. While Deep Learning possesses immense power to solve realistic, high-dimensional problems, these traits in concert make it difficult to have confidence in their real-world applications. To overcome this difficulty, the task of Out-Of-Distribution (OOD) Detection has been defined, to determine when a model has received an input from outside of the distribution for which it is trained to operate. <br>This paper introduces and examines a novel methodology, DOODLER, for OOD Detection, which directly leverages the traits which result in its necessity. By training a Variational Auto-Encoder (VAE) on the same data as another Deep Learning model, the VAE learns to accurately reconstruct In-Distribution (ID) inputs, but not to reconstruct OOD inputs, meaning that its failure state can be used to perform OOD Detection. Unlike other work in the area, DOODLER requires only very weak assumptions about the existence of an OOD dataset, allowing for more realistic application. DOODLER also enables pixel-wise segmentations of input images by OOD likelihood, and experimental results show that it matches or outperforms methodologies that operate under the same constraints.      
### 53.The Impact of Domain Shift on Left and Right Ventricle Segmentation in Short Axis Cardiac MR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13230.pdf)
>  Domain shift refers to the difference in the data distribution of two datasets, normally between the training set and the test set for machine learning algorithms. Domain shift is a serious problem for generalization of machine learning models and it is well-established that a domain shift between the training and test sets may cause a drastic drop in the model's performance. In medical imaging, there can be many sources of domain shift such as different scanners or scan protocols, different pathologies in the patient population, anatomical differences in the patient population (e.g. men vs women) etc. Therefore, in order to train models that have good generalization performance, it is important to be aware of the domain shift problem, its potential causes and to devise ways to address it. In this paper, we study the effect of domain shift on left and right ventricle blood pool segmentation in short axis cardiac MR images. Our dataset contains short axis images from 4 different MR scanners and 3 different pathology groups. The training is performed with nnUNet. The results show that scanner differences cause a greater drop in performance compared to changing the pathology group, and that the impact of domain shift is greater on right ventricle segmentation compared to left ventricle segmentation. Increasing the number of training subjects increased cross-scanner performance more than in-scanner performance at small training set sizes, but this difference in improvement decreased with larger training set sizes. Training models using data from multiple scanners improved cross-domain performance.      
