# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 28 Sep 2021
### 1.PASS: An ImageNet replacement for self-supervised pretraining without humans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13228.pdf)
>  Computer vision has long relied on ImageNet and other large datasets of images sampled from the Internet for pretraining models. However, these datasets have ethical and technical shortcomings, such as containing personal information taken without consent, unclear license usage, biases, and, in some cases, even problematic image content. On the other hand, state-of-the-art pretraining is nowadays obtained with unsupervised methods, meaning that labelled datasets such as ImageNet may not be necessary, or perhaps not even optimal, for model pretraining. We thus propose an unlabelled dataset PASS: Pictures without humAns for Self-Supervision. PASS only contains images with CC-BY license and complete attribution metadata, addressing the copyright issue. Most importantly, it contains no images of people at all, and also avoids other types of images that are problematic for data protection or ethics. We show that PASS can be used for pretraining with methods such as MoCo-v2, SwAV and DINO. In the transfer learning setting, it yields similar downstream performances to ImageNet pretraining even on tasks that involve humans, such as human pose estimation. PASS does not make existing datasets obsolete, as for instance it is insufficient for benchmarking. However, it shows that model pretraining is often possible while using safer data, and it also provides the basis for a more robust evaluation of pretraining methods.      
### 2.TSM: Temporal Shift Module for Efficient and Scalable Video Understanding on Edge Device  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13227.pdf)
>  The explosive growth in video streaming requires video understanding at high accuracy and low computation cost. Conventional 2D CNNs are computationally cheap but cannot capture temporal relationships; 3D CNN-based methods can achieve good performance but are computationally intensive. In this paper, we propose a generic and effective Temporal Shift Module (TSM) that enjoys both high efficiency and high performance. The key idea of TSM is to shift part of the channels along the temporal dimension, thus facilitate information exchanged among neighboring frames. It can be inserted into 2D CNNs to achieve temporal modeling at zero computation and zero parameters. TSM offers several unique advantages. Firstly, TSM has high performance; it ranks the first on the Something-Something leaderboard upon submission. Secondly, TSM has high efficiency; it achieves a high frame rate of 74fps and 29fps for online video recognition on Jetson Nano and Galaxy Note8. Thirdly, TSM has higher scalability compared to 3D networks, enabling large-scale Kinetics training on 1,536 GPUs in 15 minutes. Lastly, TSM enables action concepts learning, which 2D networks cannot model; we visualize the category attention map and find that spatial-temporal action detector emerges during the training of classification tasks. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mit-han-lab/temporal-shift-module" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Predicting Driver Self-Reported Stress by Analyzing the Road Scene  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13225.pdf)
>  Several studies have shown the relevance of biosignals in driver stress recognition. In this work, we examine something important that has been less frequently explored: We develop methods to test if the visual driving scene can be used to estimate a drivers' subjective stress levels. For this purpose, we use the AffectiveROAD video recordings and their corresponding stress labels, a continuous human-driver-provided stress metric. We use the common class discretization for stress, dividing its continuous values into three classes: low, medium, and high. We design and evaluate three computer vision modeling approaches to classify the driver's stress levels: (1) object presence features, where features are computed using automatic scene segmentation; (2) end-to-end image classification; and (3) end-to-end video classification. All three approaches show promising results, suggesting that it is possible to approximate the drivers' subjective stress from the information found in the visual scene. We observe that the video classification, which processes the temporal information integrated with the visual information, obtains the highest accuracy of $0.72$, compared to a random baseline accuracy of $0.33$ when tested on a set of nine drivers.      
### 4.Comparison of Object Detection Algorithms Using Video and Thermal Images Collected from a UAS Platform: An Application of Drones in Traffic Management  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13185.pdf)
>  There is a rapid growth of applications of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) in traffic management, such as traffic surveillance, monitoring, and incident detection. However, the existing literature lacks solutions to real-time incident detection while addressing privacy issues in practice. This study explored real-time vehicle detection algorithms on both visual and infrared cameras and conducted experiments comparing their performance. Red Green Blue (RGB) videos and thermal images were collected from a UAS platform along highways in the Tampa, Florida, area. Experiments were designed to quantify the performance of a real-time background subtraction-based method in vehicle detection from a stationary camera on hovering UAVs under free-flow conditions. Several parameters were set in the experiments based on the geometry of the drone and sensor relative to the roadway. The results show that a background subtraction-based method can achieve good detection performance on RGB images (F1 scores around 0.9 for most cases), and a more varied performance is seen on thermal images with different azimuth angles. The results of these experiments will help inform the development of protocols, standards, and guidance for the use of drones to detect highway congestion and provide input for the development of incident detection algorithms.      
### 5.Visual Anomaly Detection for Images: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13157.pdf)
>  Visual anomaly detection is an important and challenging problem in the field of machine learning and computer vision. This problem has attracted a considerable amount of attention in relevant research communities. Especially in recent years, the development of deep learning has sparked an increasing interest in the visual anomaly detection problem and brought a great variety of novel methods. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive survey of the classical and deep learning-based approaches for visual anomaly detection in the literature. We group the relevant approaches in view of their underlying principles and discuss their assumptions, advantages, and disadvantages carefully. We aim to help the researchers to understand the common principles of visual anomaly detection approaches and identify promising research directions in this field.      
### 6.Multimodal Integration of Human-Like Attention in Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13139.pdf)
>  Human-like attention as a supervisory signal to guide neural attention has shown significant promise but is currently limited to uni-modal integration - even for inherently multimodal tasks such as visual question answering (VQA). We present the Multimodal Human-like Attention Network (MULAN) - the first method for multimodal integration of human-like attention on image and text during training of VQA models. MULAN integrates attention predictions from two state-of-the-art text and image saliency models into neural self-attention layers of a recent transformer-based VQA model. Through evaluations on the challenging VQAv2 dataset, we show that MULAN achieves a new state-of-the-art performance of 73.98% accuracy on test-std and 73.72% on test-dev and, at the same time, has approximately 80% fewer trainable parameters than prior work. Overall, our work underlines the potential of integrating multimodal human-like and neural attention for VQA      
### 7.GANiry: Bald-to-Hairy Translation Using CycleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13126.pdf)
>  This work presents our computer vision course project called bald men-to-hairy men translation using CycleGAN. On top of CycleGAN architecture, we utilize perceptual loss in order to achieve more realistic results. We also integrate conditional constrains to obtain different stylized and colored hairs on bald men. We conducted extensive experiments and present qualitative results in this paper. Our code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fidansamet/GANiry" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.An End-to-end Entangled Segmentation and Classification Convolutional Neural Network for Periodontitis Stage Grading from Periapical Radiographic Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13120.pdf)
>  Periodontitis is a biofilm-related chronic inflammatory disease characterized by gingivitis and bone loss in the teeth area. Approximately 61 million adults over 30 suffer from periodontitis (42.2%), with 7.8% having severe periodontitis in the United States. The measurement of radiographic bone loss (RBL) is necessary to make a correct periodontal diagnosis, especially if the comprehensive and longitudinal periodontal mapping is unavailable. However, doctors can interpret X-rays differently depending on their experience and knowledge. Computerized diagnosis support for doctors sheds light on making the diagnosis with high accuracy and consistency and drawing up an appropriate treatment plan for preventing or controlling periodontitis. We developed an end-to-end deep learning network HYNETS (Hybrid NETwork for pEriodoNTiTiS STagES from radiograpH) by integrating segmentation and classification tasks for grading periodontitis from periapical radiographic images. HYNETS leverages a multi-task learning strategy by combining a set of segmentation networks and a classification network to provide an end-to-end interpretable solution and highly accurate and consistent results. HYNETS achieved the average dice coefficient of 0.96 and 0.94 for the bone area and tooth segmentation and the average AUC of 0.97 for periodontitis stage assignment. Additionally, conventional image processing techniques provide RBL measurements and build transparency and trust in the model's prediction. HYNETS will potentially transform clinical diagnosis from a manual time-consuming, and error-prone task to an efficient and automated periodontitis stage assignment based on periapical radiographic images.      
### 9.VQA-MHUG: A Gaze Dataset to Study Multimodal Neural Attention in Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13116.pdf)
>  We present VQA-MHUG - a novel 49-participant dataset of multimodal human gaze on both images and questions during visual question answering (VQA) collected using a high-speed eye tracker. We use our dataset to analyze the similarity between human and neural attentive strategies learned by five state-of-the-art VQA models: Modular Co-Attention Network (MCAN) with either grid or region features, Pythia, Bilinear Attention Network (BAN), and the Multimodal Factorized Bilinear Pooling Network (MFB). While prior work has focused on studying the image modality, our analyses show - for the first time - that for all models, higher correlation with human attention on text is a significant predictor of VQA performance. This finding points at a potential for improving VQA performance and, at the same time, calls for further research on neural text attention mechanisms and their integration into architectures for vision and language tasks, including but potentially also beyond VQA.      
### 10.MFEViT: A Robust Lightweight Transformer-based Network for Multimodal 2D+3D Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13086.pdf)
>  Vision transformer (ViT) has been widely applied in many areas due to its self-attention mechanism that help obtain the global receptive field since the first layer. It even achieves surprising performance exceeding CNN in some vision tasks. However, there exists an issue when leveraging vision transformer into 2D+3D facial expression recognition (FER), i.e., ViT training needs mass data. Nonetheless, the number of samples in public 2D+3D FER datasets is far from sufficient for evaluation. How to utilize the ViT pre-trained on RGB images to handle 2D+3D data becomes a challenge. To solve this problem, we propose a robust lightweight pure transformer-based network for multimodal 2D+3D FER, namely MFEViT. For narrowing the gap between RGB and multimodal data, we devise an alternative fusion strategy, which replaces each of the three channels of an RGB image with the depth-map channel and fuses them before feeding them into the transformer encoder. Moreover, the designed sample filtering module adds several subclasses for each expression and move the noisy samples to their corresponding subclasses, thus eliminating their disturbance on the network during the training stage. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our MFEViT outperforms state-of-the-art approaches with an accuracy of 90.83% on BU-3DFE and 90.28% on Bosphorus. Specifically, the proposed MFEViT is a lightweight model, requiring much fewer parameters than multi-branch CNNs. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to introduce vision transformer into multimodal 2D+3D FER. The source code of our MFEViT will be publicly available online.      
### 11.Experience feedback using Representation Learning for Few-Shot Object Detection on Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13027.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a few-shot method based on Faster R-CNN and representation learning for object detection in aerial images. The two classification branches of Faster R-CNN are replaced by prototypical networks for online adaptation to new classes. These networks produce embeddings vectors for each generated box, which are then compared with class prototypes. The distance between an embedding and a prototype determines the corresponding classification score. The resulting networks are trained in an episodic manner. A new detection task is randomly sampled at each epoch, consisting in detecting only a subset of the classes annotated in the dataset. This training strategy encourages the network to adapt to new classes as it would at test time. In addition, several ideas are explored to improve the proposed method such as a hard negative examples mining strategy and self-supervised clustering for background objects. The performance of our method is assessed on DOTA, a large-scale remote sensing images dataset. The experiments conducted provide a broader understanding of the capabilities of representation learning. It highlights in particular some intrinsic weaknesses for the few-shot object detection task. Finally, some suggestions and perspectives are formulated according to these insights.      
### 12.Attention Gate in Traffic Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13021.pdf)
>  Because of increased urban complexity and growing populations, more and more challenges about predicting city-wide mobility behavior are being organized. Traffic Map Movie Forecasting Challenge 2020 is secondly held in the competition track of the Thirty-fourth Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS). Similar to Traffic4Cast 2019, the task is to predict traffic flow volume, average speed in major directions on the geographical area of three big cities: Berlin, Istanbul, and Moscow. In this paper, we apply the attention mechanism on U-Net based model, especially we add an attention gate on the skip-connection between contraction path and expansion path. An attention gates filter features from the contraction path before combining with features on the expansion path, it enables our model to reduce the effect of non-traffic region features and focus more on crucial region features. In addition to the competition data, we also propose two extra features which often affect traffic flow, that are time and weekdays. We experiment with our model on the competition dataset and reproduce the winner solution in the same environment. Overall, our model archives better performance than recent methods.      
### 13.Semi-Supervised Adversarial Discriminative Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13016.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation is a potential method to train a powerful deep neural network, which can handle the absence of labeled data. More precisely, domain adaptation solving the limitation called dataset bias or domain shift when the training dataset and testing dataset are extremely different. Adversarial adaptation method becoming popular among other domain adaptation methods. Relies on the idea of GAN, adversarial domain adaptation tries to minimize the distribution between training and testing datasets base on the adversarial object. However, some conventional adversarial domain adaptation methods cannot handle large domain shifts between two datasets or the generalization ability of these methods are inefficient. In this paper, we propose an improved adversarial domain adaptation method called Semi-Supervised Adversarial Discriminative Domain Adaptation (SADDA), which can overcome the limitation of other domain adaptation. We also show that SADDA has better performance than other adversarial adaptation methods and illustrate the promise of our method on digit classification and emotion recognition problems.      
### 14.Text-based Person Search in Full Images via Semantic-Driven Proposal Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12965.pdf)
>  Finding target persons in full scene images with a query of text description has important practical applications in intelligent video surveillance.However, different from the real-world scenarios where the bounding boxes are not available, existing text-based person retrieval methods mainly focus on the cross modal matching between the query text descriptions and the gallery of cropped pedestrian images. To close the gap, we study the problem of text-based person search in full images by proposing a new end-to-end learning framework which jointly optimize the pedestrian detection, identification and visual-semantic feature embedding tasks. To take full advantage of the query text, the semantic features are leveraged to instruct the Region Proposal Network to pay more attention to the text-described proposals. Besides, a cross-scale visual-semantic embedding mechanism is utilized to improve the performance. To validate the proposed method, we collect and annotate two large-scale benchmark datasets based on the widely adopted image-based person search datasets CUHK-SYSU and PRW. Comprehensive experiments are conducted on the two datasets and compared with the baseline methods, our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 15.Fusion-GCN: Multimodal Action Recognition using Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12946.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present Fusion-GCN, an approach for multimodal action recognition using Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs). Action recognition methods based around GCNs recently yielded state-of-the-art performance for skeleton-based action recognition. With Fusion-GCN, we propose to integrate various sensor data modalities into a graph that is trained using a GCN model for multi-modal action recognition. Additional sensor measurements are incorporated into the graph representation, either on a channel dimension (introducing additional node attributes) or spatial dimension (introducing new nodes). Fusion-GCN was evaluated on two public available datasets, the UTD-MHAD- and MMACT datasets, and demonstrates flexible fusion of RGB sequences, inertial measurements and skeleton sequences. Our approach gets comparable results on the UTD-MHAD dataset and improves the baseline on the large-scale MMACT dataset by a significant margin of up to 12.37% (F1-Measure) with the fusion of skeleton estimates and accelerometer measurements.      
### 16.Sparse Spatial Transformers for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12932.pdf)
>  Learning from limited data is a challenging task since the scarcity of data leads to a poor generalization of the trained model. The classical global pooled representation is likely to lose useful local information. Recently, many few shot learning methods address this challenge by using deep descriptors and learning a pixel-level metric. However, using deep descriptors as feature representations may lose the contextual information of the image. And most of these methods deal with each class in the support set independently, which cannot sufficiently utilize discriminative information and task-specific embeddings. In this paper, we propose a novel Transformer based neural network architecture called Sparse Spatial Transformers (SSFormers), which can find task-relevant features and suppress task-irrelevant features. Specifically, we first divide each input image into several image patches of different sizes to obtain dense local features. These features retain contextual information while expressing local information. Then, a sparse spatial transformer layer is proposed to find spatial correspondence between the query image and the entire support set to select task-relevant image patches and suppress task-irrelevant image patches. Finally, we propose an image patch matching module to calculate the distance between dense local representations to determine which category the query image belongs to in the support set. Extensive experiments on popular few-shot learning benchmarks show that our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance. Our code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chenhaoxing/SSFormers" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 17.Harrisz+: Harris Corner Selection for Next-Gen Image Matching Pipelines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12925.pdf)
>  Due to its role in many computer vision tasks, image matching has been subjected to an active investigation by researchers, which has lead to better and more discriminant feature descriptors and to more robust matching strategies, also thanks to the advent of the deep learning and the increased computational power of the modern hardware. Despite of these achievements, the keypoint extraction process at the base of the image matching pipeline has not seen equivalent progresses. This paper presents Harrisz$^{+}$, an upgrade to the HarrisZ corner detector, optimized to synergically take advance of the recent improvements of the other steps of the image matching pipeline. Harrisz$^{+}$ does not only consists of a tuning of the setup parameters, but introduces further refinements to the selection criteria delineated by HarrisZ, so providing more, yet discriminative, keypoints, which are better distributed on the image and with higher localization accuracy. The image matching pipeline including Harrisz$^{+}$, together with the other modern components, obtained in different recent matching benchmarks state-of-the-art results among the classic image matching pipelines, closely following results of the more recent fully deep end-to-end trainable approaches.      
### 18.Wasserstein Patch Prior for Image Superresolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12880.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a Wasserstein patch prior for superresolution of two- and three-dimensional images. Here, we assume that we have given (additionally to the low resolution observation) a reference image which has a similar patch distribution as the ground truth of the reconstruction. This assumption is e.g. fulfilled when working with texture images or material data. Then, the proposed regularizer penalizes the $W_2$-distance of the patch distribution of the reconstruction to the patch distribution of some reference image at different scales. We demonstrate the performance of the proposed regularizer by two- and three-dimensional numerical examples.      
### 19.Meta-Aggregator: Learning to Aggregate for 1-bit Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12872.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study a novel meta aggregation scheme towards binarizing graph neural networks (GNNs). We begin by developing a vanilla 1-bit GNN framework that binarizes both the GNN parameters and the graph features. Despite the lightweight architecture, we observed that this vanilla framework suffered from insufficient discriminative power in distinguishing graph topologies, leading to a dramatic drop in performance. This discovery motivates us to devise meta aggregators to improve the expressive power of vanilla binarized GNNs, of which the aggregation schemes can be adaptively changed in a learnable manner based on the binarized features. Towards this end, we propose two dedicated forms of meta neighborhood aggregators, an exclusive meta aggregator termed as Greedy Gumbel Neighborhood Aggregator (GNA), and a diffused meta aggregator termed as Adaptable Hybrid Neighborhood Aggregator (ANA). GNA learns to exclusively pick one single optimal aggregator from a pool of candidates, while ANA learns a hybrid aggregation behavior to simultaneously retain the benefits of several individual aggregators. Furthermore, the proposed meta aggregators may readily serve as a generic plugin module into existing full-precision GNNs. Experiments across various domains demonstrate that the proposed method yields results superior to the state of the art.      
### 20.Deep Structured Instance Graph for Distilling Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12862.pdf)
>  Effectively structuring deep knowledge plays a pivotal role in transfer from teacher to student, especially in semantic vision tasks. In this paper, we present a simple knowledge structure to exploit and encode information inside the detection system to facilitate detector knowledge distillation. Specifically, aiming at solving the feature imbalance problem while further excavating the missing relation inside semantic instances, we design a graph whose nodes correspond to instance proposal-level features and edges represent the relation between nodes. To further refine this graph, we design an adaptive background loss weight to reduce node noise and background samples mining to prune trivial edges. We transfer the entire graph as encoded knowledge representation from teacher to student, capturing local and global information simultaneously. We achieve new state-of-the-art results on the challenging COCO object detection task with diverse student-teacher pairs on both one- and two-stage detectors. We also experiment with instance segmentation to demonstrate robustness of our method. It is notable that distilled Faster R-CNN with ResNet18-FPN and ResNet50-FPN yields 38.68 and 41.82 Box AP respectively on the COCO benchmark, Faster R-CNN with ResNet101-FPN significantly achieves 43.38 AP, which outperforms ResNet152-FPN teacher about 0.7 AP. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dvlab-research/Dsig" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.A General Gaussian Heatmap Labeling for Arbitrary-Oriented Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12848.pdf)
>  Recently, many arbitrary-oriented object detection (AOOD) methods have been proposed and attracted widespread attention in many fields. However, most of them are based on anchor-boxes or standard Gaussian heatmaps. Such label assignment strategy may not only fail to reflect the shape and direction characteristics of arbitrary-oriented objects, but also have high parameter-tuning efforts. In this paper, a novel AOOD method called General Gaussian Heatmap Labeling (GGHL) is proposed. Specifically, an anchor-free object-adaptation label assignment (OLA) strategy is presented to define the positive candidates based on two-dimensional (2-D) oriented Gaussian heatmaps, which reflect the shape and direction features of arbitrary-oriented objects. Based on OLA, an oriented-bounding-box (OBB) representation component (ORC) is developed to indicate OBBs and adjust the Gaussian center prior weights to fit the characteristics of different objects adaptively through neural network learning. Moreover, a joint-optimization loss (JOL) with area normalization and dynamic confidence weighting is designed to refine the misalign optimal results of different subtasks. Extensive experiments on public datasets demonstrate that the proposed GGHL improves the AOOD performance with low parameter-tuning and time costs. Furthermore, it is generally applicable to most AOOD methods to improve their performance including lightweight models on embedded platforms.      
### 22.Bayesian deep learning of affordances from RGB images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12845.pdf)
>  Autonomous agents, such as robots or intelligent devices, need to understand how to interact with objects and its environment. Affordances are defined as the relationships between an agent, the objects, and the possible future actions in the environment. In this paper, we present a Bayesian deep learning method to predict the affordances available in the environment directly from RGB images. Based on previous work on socially accepted affordances, our model is based on a multiscale CNN that combines local and global information from the object and the full image. However, previous works assume a deterministic model, but uncertainty quantification is fundamental for robust detection, affordance-based reason, continual learning, etc. Our Bayesian model is able to capture both the aleatoric uncertainty from the scene and the epistemic uncertainty associated with the model and previous learning process. For comparison, we estimate the uncertainty using two state-of-the-art techniques: Monte Carlo dropout and deep ensembles. We also compare different types of CNN encoders for feature extraction. We have performed several experiments on an affordance database on socially acceptable behaviours and we have shown improved performance compared with previous works. Furthermore, the uncertainty estimation is consistent with the the type of objects and scenarios. Our results show a marginal better performance of deep ensembles, compared to MC-dropout on the Brier score and the Expected Calibration Error.      
### 23.N-shot Palm Vein Verification Using Siamese Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12808.pdf)
>  The use of deep learning methods to extract vascular biometric patterns from the palm surface has been of interest among researchers in recent years. In many biometric recognition tasks, there is a limit in the number of training samples. This is because of limited vein biometric databases being available for research. This restricts the application of deep learning methods to design algorithms that can effectively identify or authenticate people for vein recognition. This paper proposes an architecture using Siamese neural network structure for few shot palm vein identification. The proposed network uses images from both the palms and consists of two sub-nets that share weights to identify a person. The architecture performance was tested on the HK PolyU multi spectral palm vein database with limited samples. The results suggest that the method is effective since it has 91.9% precision, 91.1% recall, 92.2% specificity, 91.5%, F1-Score, and 90.5% accuracy values.      
### 24.Effect Of Personalized Calibration On Gaze Estimation Using Deep-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12801.pdf)
>  With the increase in computation power and the development of new state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms, appearance-based gaze estimation is becoming more and more popular. It is believed to work well with curated laboratory data sets, however it faces several challenges when deployed in real world scenario. One such challenge is to estimate the gaze of a person about which the Deep Learning model trained for gaze estimation has no knowledge about. To analyse the performance in such scenarios we have tried to simulate a calibration mechanism. In this work we use the MPIIGaze data set. We trained a multi modal convolutional neural network and analysed its performance with and without calibration and this evaluation provides clear insights on how calibration improved the performance of the Deep Learning model in estimating gaze in the wild.      
### 25.Machine Learning based Medical Image Deepfake Detection: A Comparative Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12800.pdf)
>  Deep generative networks in recent years have reinforced the need for caution while consuming various modalities of digital information. One avenue of deepfake creation is aligned with injection and removal of tumors from medical scans. Failure to detect medical deepfakes can lead to large setbacks on hospital resources or even loss of life. This paper attempts to address the detection of such attacks with a structured case study. We evaluate different machine learning algorithms and pretrained convolutional neural networks on distinguishing between tampered and untampered data. The findings of this work show near perfect accuracy in detecting instances of tumor injections and removals.      
### 26.Joint Multimedia Event Extraction from Video and Article  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12776.pdf)
>  Visual and textual modalities contribute complementary information about events described in multimedia documents. Videos contain rich dynamics and detailed unfoldings of events, while text describes more high-level and abstract concepts. However, existing event extraction methods either do not handle video or solely target video while ignoring other modalities. In contrast, we propose the first approach to jointly extract events from video and text articles. We introduce the new task of Video MultiMedia Event Extraction (Video M2E2) and propose two novel components to build the first system towards this task. First, we propose the first self-supervised multimodal event coreference model that can determine coreference between video events and text events without any manually annotated pairs. Second, we introduce the first multimodal transformer which extracts structured event information jointly from both videos and text documents. We also construct and will publicly release a new benchmark of video-article pairs, consisting of 860 video-article pairs with extensive annotations for evaluating methods on this task. Our experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method on our new benchmark dataset. We achieve 6.0% and 5.8% absolute F-score gain on multimodal event coreference resolution and multimedia event extraction.      
### 27.Improving the Thermal Infrared Monitoring of Volcanoes: A Deep Learning Approach for Intermittent Image Series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12767.pdf)
>  Active volcanoes are globally distributed and pose societal risks at multiple geographic scales, ranging from local hazards to regional/international disruptions. Many volcanoes do not have continuous ground monitoring networks; meaning that satellite observations provide the only record of volcanic behavior and unrest. Among these remote sensing observations, thermal imagery is inspected daily by volcanic observatories for examining the early signs, onset, and evolution of eruptive activity. However, thermal scenes are often obstructed by clouds, meaning that forecasts must be made off image sequences whose scenes are only usable intermittently through time. Here, we explore forecasting this thermal data stream from a deep learning perspective using existing architectures that model sequences with varying spatiotemporal considerations. Additionally, we propose and evaluate new architectures that explicitly model intermittent image sequences. Using ASTER Kinetic Surface Temperature data for $9$ volcanoes between $1999$ and $2020$, we found that a proposed architecture (ConvLSTM + Time-LSTM + U-Net) forecasts volcanic temperature imagery with the lowest RMSE ($4.164^{\circ}$C, other methods: $4.217-5.291^{\circ}$C). Additionally, we examined performance on multiple time series derived from the thermal imagery and the effect of training with data from singular volcanoes. Ultimately, we found that models with the lowest RMSE on forecasting imagery did not possess the lowest RMSE on recreating time series derived from that imagery and that training with individual volcanoes generally worsened performance relative to a multi-volcano data set. This work highlights the potential of data-driven deep learning models for volcanic unrest forecasting while revealing the need for carefully constructed optimization targets.      
### 28.A novel network training approach for open set image recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12756.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are commonly designed for closed set arrangements, where test instances only belong to some "Known Known" (KK) classes used in training. As such, they predict a class label for a test sample based on the distribution of the KK classes. However, when used under the Open Set Recognition (OSR) setup (where an input may belong to an "Unknown Unknown" or UU class), such a network will always classify a test instance as one of the KK classes even if it is from a UU class. As a solution, recently, data augmentation based on Generative Adversarial Networks(GAN) has been used. In this work, we propose a novel approach for mining a "Known UnknownTrainer" or KUT set and design a deep OSR Network (OSRNet) to harness this dataset. The goal isto teach OSRNet the essence of the UUs through KUT set, which is effectively a collection of mined "hard Known Unknown negatives". Once trained, OSRNet can detect the UUs while maintaining high classification accuracy on KKs. We evaluate OSRNet on six benchmark datasets and demonstrate it outperforms contemporary OSR methods.      
### 29.Research on facial expression recognition based on Multimodal data fusion and neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12724.pdf)
>  Facial expression recognition is a challenging task when neural network is applied to pattern recognition. Most of the current recognition research is based on single source facial data, which generally has the disadvantages of low accuracy and low robustness. In this paper, a neural network algorithm of facial expression recognition based on multimodal data fusion is proposed. The algorithm is based on the multimodal data, and it takes the facial image, the histogram of oriented gradient of the image and the facial landmarks as the input, and establishes CNN, LNN and HNN three sub neural networks to extract data features, using multimodal data feature fusion mechanism to improve the accuracy of facial expression recognition. Experimental results show that, benefiting by the complementarity of multimodal data, the algorithm has a great improvement in accuracy, robustness and detection speed compared with the traditional facial expression recognition algorithm. Especially in the case of partial occlusion, illumination and head posture transformation, the algorithm also shows a high confidence.      
### 30.Automated Multi-Process CTC Detection using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12709.pdf)
>  Circulating Tumor Cells (CTCs) bear great promise as biomarkers in tumor prognosis. However, the process of identification and later enumeration of CTCs require manual labor, which is error-prone and time-consuming. The recent developments in object detection via Deep Learning using Mask-RCNNs and wider availability of pre-trained models have enabled sensitive tasks with limited data of such to be tackled with unprecedented accuracy. In this report, we present a novel 3-stage detection model for automated identification of Circulating Tumor Cells in multi-channel darkfield microscopic images comprised of: RetinaNet based identification of Cytokeratin (CK) stains, Mask-RCNN based cell detection of DAPI cell nuclei and Otsu thresholding to detect CD-45s. The training dataset is composed of 46 high variance data points, with 10 Negative and 36 Positive data points. The test set is composed of 420 negative data points. The final accuracy of the pipeline is 98.81%.      
### 31.Nesterov Accelerated ADMM for Fast Diffeomorphic Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12688.pdf)
>  Deterministic approaches using iterative optimisation have been historically successful in diffeomorphic image registration (DiffIR). Although these approaches are highly accurate, they typically carry a significant computational burden. Recent developments in stochastic approaches based on deep learning have achieved sub-second runtimes for DiffIR with competitive registration accuracy, offering a fast alternative to conventional iterative methods. In this paper, we attempt to reduce this difference in speed whilst retaining the performance advantage of iterative approaches in DiffIR. We first propose a simple iterative scheme that functionally composes intermediate non-stationary velocity fields to handle large deformations in images whilst guaranteeing diffeomorphisms in the resultant deformation. We then propose a convex optimisation model that uses a regularisation term of arbitrary order to impose smoothness on these velocity fields and solve this model with a fast algorithm that combines Nesterov gradient descent and the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM). Finally, we leverage the computational power of GPU to implement this accelerated ADMM solver on a 3D cardiac MRI dataset, further reducing runtime to less than 2 seconds. In addition to producing strictly diffeomorphic deformations, our methods outperform both state-of-the-art deep learning-based and iterative DiffIR approaches in terms of dice and Hausdorff scores, with speed approaching the inference time of deep learning-based methods.      
### 32.Logo Generation Using Regional Features: A Faster R-CNN Approach to Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12628.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce the Local Logo Generative Adversarial Network (LL-GAN) that uses regional features extracted from the Faster Regional Convolutional Neural Network (Faster R-CNN) to generate logos. We demonstrate the strength of this approach by training the framework on a small style-rich dataset collected online to generate large impressive logos. Our approach beats the state-of-the-art models (StyleGAN2, Self-Attention GANs) that suffer from mode collapse due to the size of the data.      
### 33.Using Soft Labels to Model Uncertainty in Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12622.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation is inherently uncertain. For a given image, there may be multiple plausible segmentation hypotheses, and physicians will often disagree on lesion and organ boundaries. To be suited to real-world application, automatic segmentation systems must be able to capture this uncertainty and variability. Thus far, this has been addressed by building deep learning models that, through dropout, multiple heads, or variational inference, can produce a set - infinite, in some cases - of plausible segmentation hypotheses for any given image. However, in clinical practice, it may not be practical to browse all hypotheses. Furthermore, recent work shows that segmentation variability plateaus after a certain number of independent annotations, suggesting that a large enough group of physicians may be able to represent the whole space of possible segmentations. Inspired by this, we propose a simple method to obtain soft labels from the annotations of multiple physicians and train models that, for each image, produce a single well-calibrated output that can be thresholded at multiple confidence levels, according to each application's precision-recall requirements. We evaluated our method on the MICCAI 2021 QUBIQ challenge, showing that it performs well across multiple medical image segmentation tasks, produces well-calibrated predictions, and, on average, performs better at matching physicians' predictions than other physicians.      
### 34.A Video Summarization Method Using Temporal Interest Detection and Key Frame Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12581.pdf)
>  In this paper, a Video Summarization Method using Temporal Interest Detection and Key Frame Prediction is proposed for supervised video summarization, where video summarization is formulated as a combination of sequence labeling and temporal interest detection problem. In our method, we firstly built a flexible universal network frame to simultaneously predicts frame-level importance scores and temporal interest segments, and then combine the two components with different weights to achieve a more detailed video summarization. Extensive experiments and analysis on two benchmark datasets prove the effectiveness of our method. Specifically, compared with other state-of-the-art methods, its performance is increased by at least 2.6% and 4.2% on TVSum and SumMe respectively.      
### 35.Vision Transformer Hashing for Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12564.pdf)
>  Deep learning has shown a tremendous growth in hashing techniques for image retrieval. Recently, Transformer has emerged as a new architecture by utilizing self-attention without convolution. Transformer is also extended to Vision Transformer (ViT) for the visual recognition with a promising performance on ImageNet. In this paper, we propose a Vision Transformer based Hashing (VTS) for image retrieval. We utilize the pre-trained ViT on ImageNet as the backbone network and add the hashing head. The proposed VTS model is fine tuned for hashing under six different image retrieval frameworks, including Deep Supervised Hashing (DSH), HashNet, GreedyHash, Improved Deep Hashing Network (IDHN), Deep Polarized Network (DPN) and Central Similarity Quantization (CSQ) with their objective functions. We perform the extensive experiments on CIFAR10, ImageNet, NUS-Wide, and COCO datasets. The proposed VTS based image retrieval outperforms the recent state-of-the-art hashing techniques with a great margin. We also find the proposed VTS model as the backbone network is better than the existing networks, such as AlexNet and ResNet.      
### 36.Frequency Disentangled Residual Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12556.pdf)
>  Residual networks (ResNets) have been utilized for various computer vision and image processing applications. The residual connection improves the training of the network with better gradient flow. A residual block consists of few convolutional layers having trainable parameters, which leads to overfitting. Moreover, the present residual networks are not able to utilize the high and low frequency information suitably, which also challenges the generalization capability of the network. In this paper, a frequency disentangled residual network (FDResNet) is proposed to tackle these issues. Specifically, FDResNet includes separate connections in the residual block for low and high frequency components, respectively. Basically, the proposed model disentangles the low and high frequency components to increase the generalization ability. Moreover, the computation of low and high frequency components using fixed filters further avoids the overfitting. The proposed model is tested on benchmark CIFAR10/100, Caltech and TinyImageNet datasets for image classification. The performance of the proposed model is also tested in image retrieval framework. It is noticed that the proposed model outperforms its counterpart residual model. The effect of kernel size and standard deviation is also evaluated. The impact of the frequency disentangling is also analyzed using saliency map.      
### 37.Disentangled Feature Representation for Few-shot Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12548.pdf)
>  Learning the generalizable feature representation is critical for few-shot image classification. While recent works exploited task-specific feature embedding using meta-tasks for few-shot learning, they are limited in many challenging tasks as being distracted by the excursive features such as the background, domain and style of the image samples. In this work, we propose a novel Disentangled Feature Representation framework, dubbed DFR, for few-shot learning applications. DFR can adaptively decouple the discriminative features that are modeled by the classification branch, from the class-irrelevant component of the variation branch. In general, most of the popular deep few-shot learning methods can be plugged in as the classification branch, thus DFR can boost their performance on various few-shot tasks. Furthermore, we propose a novel FS-DomainNet dataset based on DomainNet, for benchmarking the few-shot domain generalization tasks. We conducted extensive experiments to evaluate the proposed DFR on general and fine-grained few-shot classification, as well as few-shot domain generalization, using the corresponding four benchmarks, i.e., mini-ImageNet, tiered-ImageNet, CUB, as well as the proposed FS-DomainNet. Thanks to the effective feature disentangling, the DFR-based few-shot classifiers achieved the state-of-the-art results on all datasets.      
### 38.DAMix: Density-Aware Data Augmentation for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation on Single Image Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12544.pdf)
>  Learning-based methods have achieved great success on single image dehazing in recent years. However, these methods are often subject to performance degradation when domain shifts are confronted. Specifically, haze density gaps exist among the existing datasets, often resulting in poor performance when these methods are tested across datasets. To address this issue, we propose a density-aware data augmentation method (DAMix) that generates synthetic hazy samples according to the haze density level of the target domain. These samples are generated by combining a hazy image with its corresponding ground truth by a combination ratio sampled from a density-aware distribution. They not only comply with the atmospheric scattering model but also bridge the haze density gap between the source and target domains. DAMix ensures that the model learns from examples featuring diverse haze densities. To better utilize the various hazy samples generated by DAMix, we develop a dual-branch dehazing network involving two branches that can adaptively remove haze according to the haze density of the region. In addition, the dual-branch design enlarges the learning capacity of the entire network; hence, our network can fully utilize the DAMix-ed samples. We evaluate the effectiveness of DAMix by applying it to the existing open-source dehazing methods. The experimental results demonstrate that all methods show significant improvements after DAMix is applied. Furthermore, by combining DAMix with our model, we can achieve state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance in terms of domain adaptation.      
### 39.Structure-Preserving Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12530.pdf)
>  Structures matter in single image super-resolution (SISR). Benefiting from generative adversarial networks (GANs), recent studies have promoted the development of SISR by recovering photo-realistic images. However, there are still undesired structural distortions in the recovered images. In this paper, we propose a structure-preserving super-resolution (SPSR) method to alleviate the above issue while maintaining the merits of GAN-based methods to generate perceptual-pleasant details. Firstly, we propose SPSR with gradient guidance (SPSR-G) by exploiting gradient maps of images to guide the recovery in two aspects. On the one hand, we restore high-resolution gradient maps by a gradient branch to provide additional structure priors for the SR process. On the other hand, we propose a gradient loss to impose a second-order restriction on the super-resolved images, which helps generative networks concentrate more on geometric structures. Secondly, since the gradient maps are handcrafted and may only be able to capture limited aspects of structural information, we further extend SPSR-G by introducing a learnable neural structure extractor (NSE) to unearth richer local structures and provide stronger supervision for SR. We propose two self-supervised structure learning methods, contrastive prediction and solving jigsaw puzzles, to train the NSEs. Our methods are model-agnostic, which can be potentially used for off-the-shelf SR networks. Experimental results on five benchmark datasets show that the proposed methods outperform state-of-the-art perceptual-driven SR methods under LPIPS, PSNR, and SSIM metrics. Visual results demonstrate the superiority of our methods in restoring structures while generating natural SR images. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Maclory/SPSR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.Partial to Whole Knowledge Distillation: Progressive Distilling Decomposed Knowledge Boosts Student Better  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12507.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation field delicately designs various types of knowledge to shrink the performance gap between compact student and large-scale teacher. These existing distillation approaches simply focus on the improvement of \textit{knowledge quality}, but ignore the significant influence of \textit{knowledge quantity} on the distillation procedure. Opposed to the conventional distillation approaches, which extract knowledge from a fixed teacher computation graph, this paper explores a non-negligible research direction from a novel perspective of \textit{knowledge quantity} to further improve the efficacy of knowledge distillation. We introduce a new concept of knowledge decomposition, and further put forward the \textbf{P}artial to \textbf{W}hole \textbf{K}nowledge \textbf{D}istillation~(\textbf{PWKD}) paradigm. Specifically, we reconstruct teacher into weight-sharing sub-networks with same depth but increasing channel width, and train sub-networks jointly to obtain decomposed knowledge~(sub-networks with more channels represent more knowledge). Then, student extract partial to whole knowledge from the pre-trained teacher within multiple training stages where cyclic learning rate is leveraged to accelerate convergence. Generally, \textbf{PWKD} can be regarded as a plugin to be compatible with existing offline knowledge distillation approaches. To verify the effectiveness of \textbf{PWKD}, we conduct experiments on two benchmark datasets:~CIFAR-100 and ImageNet, and comprehensive evaluation results reveal that \textbf{PWKD} consistently improve existing knowledge distillation approaches without bells and whistles.      
### 41.A Simple Self-calibration Method for The Internal Time Synchronization of MEMS LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12506.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a simple self-calibration method for the internal time synchronization of MEMS(Micro-electromechanical systems) LiDAR during research and development. Firstly, we introduced the problem of internal time misalignment in MEMS lidar. Then, a robust Minimum Vertical Gradient(MVG) prior is proposed to calibrate the time difference between the laser and MEMS mirror, which can be calculated automatically without any artificial participation or specially designed cooperation target. Finally, actual experiments on MEMS LiDARs are implemented to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. It should be noted that the calibration can be implemented in a simple laboratory environment without any ranging equipment and artificial participation, which greatly accelerate the progress of research and development in practical applications.      
### 42.Self-Supervised Learning for MRI Reconstruction with a Parallel Network Training Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12502.pdf)
>  Image reconstruction from undersampled k-space data plays an important role in accelerating the acquisition of MR data, and a lot of deep learning-based methods have been exploited recently. Despite the achieved inspiring results, the optimization of these methods commonly relies on the fully-sampled reference data, which are time-consuming and difficult to collect. To address this issue, we propose a novel self-supervised learning method. Specifically, during model optimization, two subsets are constructed by randomly selecting part of k-space data from the undersampled data and then fed into two parallel reconstruction networks to perform information recovery. Two reconstruction losses are defined on all the scanned data points to enhance the network's capability of recovering the frequency information. Meanwhile, to constrain the learned unscanned data points of the network, a difference loss is designed to enforce consistency between the two parallel networks. In this way, the reconstruction model can be properly trained with only the undersampled data. During the model evaluation, the undersampled data are treated as the inputs and either of the two trained networks is expected to reconstruct the high-quality results. The proposed method is flexible and can be employed in any existing deep learning-based method. The effectiveness of the method is evaluated on an open brain MRI dataset. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed self-supervised method can achieve competitive reconstruction performance compared to the corresponding supervised learning method at high acceleration rates (4 and 8). The code is publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chenhu96/Self-Supervised-MRI-Reconstruction" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 43.PETA: Photo Albums Event Recognition using Transformers Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12499.pdf)
>  In recent years the amounts of personal photos captured increased significantly, giving rise to new challenges in multi-image understanding and high-level image understanding. Event recognition in personal photo albums presents one challenging scenario where life events are recognized from a disordered collection of images, including both relevant and irrelevant images. Event recognition in images also presents the challenge of high-level image understanding, as opposed to low-level image object classification. In absence of methods to analyze multiple inputs, previous methods adopted temporal mechanisms, including various forms of recurrent neural networks. However, their effective temporal window is local. In addition, they are not a natural choice given the disordered characteristic of photo albums. We address this gap with a tailor-made solution, combining the power of CNNs for image representation and transformers for album representation to perform global reasoning on image collection, offering a practical and efficient solution for photo albums event recognition. Our solution reaches state-of-the-art results on 3 prominent benchmarks, achieving above 90\% mAP on all datasets. We further explore the related image-importance task in event recognition, demonstrating how the learned attentions correlate with the human-annotated importance for this subjective task, thus opening the door for new applications.      
### 44.Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning by Video Incoherence Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12493.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel self-supervised method that leverages incoherence detection for video representation learning. It roots from the observation that visual systems of human beings can easily identify video incoherence based on their comprehensive understanding of videos. Specifically, the training sample, denoted as the incoherent clip, is constructed by multiple sub-clips hierarchically sampled from the same raw video with various lengths of incoherence between each other. The network is trained to learn high-level representation by predicting the location and length of incoherence given the incoherent clip as input. Additionally, intra-video contrastive learning is introduced to maximize the mutual information between incoherent clips from the same raw video. We evaluate our proposed method through extensive experiments on action recognition and video retrieval utilizing various backbone networks. Experiments show that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance across different backbone networks and different datasets compared with previous coherence-based methods.      
### 45.ISF-GAN: An Implicit Style Function for High-Resolution Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12492.pdf)
>  Recently, there has been an increasing interest in image editing methods that employ pre-trained unconditional image generators (e.g., StyleGAN). However, applying these methods to translate images to multiple visual domains remains challenging. Existing works do not often preserve the domain-invariant part of the image (e.g., the identity in human face translations), they do not usually handle multiple domains, or do not allow for multi-modal translations. This work proposes an implicit style function (ISF) to straightforwardly achieve multi-modal and multi-domain image-to-image translation from pre-trained unconditional generators. The ISF manipulates the semantics of an input latent code to make the image generated from it lying in the desired visual domain. Our results in human face and animal manipulations show significantly improved results over the baselines. Our model enables cost-effective multi-modal unsupervised image-to-image translations at high resolution using pre-trained unconditional GANs. The code and data are available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yhlleo/stylegan-mmuit" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 46.Excavating the Potential Capacity of Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12484.pdf)
>  Self-supervised methods play an increasingly important role in monocular depth estimation due to their great potential and low annotation cost. To close the gap with supervised methods, recent works take advantage of extra constraints, e.g., semantic segmentation. However, these methods will inevitably increase the burden on the model. In this paper, we show theoretical and empirical evidence that the potential capacity of self-supervised monocular depth estimation can be excavated without increasing this cost. In particular, we propose (1) a novel data augmentation approach called data grafting, which forces the model to explore more cues to infer depth besides the vertical image position, (2) an exploratory self-distillation loss, which is supervised by the self-distillation label generated by our new post-processing method - selective post-processing, and (3) the full-scale network, designed to endow the encoder with the specialization of depth estimation task and enhance the representational power of the model. Extensive experiments show that our contributions can bring significant performance improvement to the baseline with even less computational overhead, and our model, named EPCDepth, surpasses the previous state-of-the-art methods even those supervised by additional constraints.      
### 47.Two Souls in an Adversarial Image: Towards Universal Adversarial Example Detection using Multi-view Inconsistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12459.pdf)
>  In the evasion attacks against deep neural networks (DNN), the attacker generates adversarial instances that are visually indistinguishable from benign samples and sends them to the target DNN to trigger misclassifications. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-view adversarial image detector, namely Argos, based on a novel observation. That is, there exist two "souls" in an adversarial instance, i.e., the visually unchanged content, which corresponds to the true label, and the added invisible perturbation, which corresponds to the misclassified label. Such inconsistencies could be further amplified through an autoregressive generative approach that generates images with seed pixels selected from the original image, a selected label, and pixel distributions learned from the training data. The generated images (i.e., the "views") will deviate significantly from the original one if the label is adversarial, demonstrating inconsistencies that Argos expects to detect. To this end, Argos first amplifies the discrepancies between the visual content of an image and its misclassified label induced by the attack using a set of regeneration mechanisms and then identifies an image as adversarial if the reproduced views deviate to a preset degree. Our experimental results show that Argos significantly outperforms two representative adversarial detectors in both detection accuracy and robustness against six well-known adversarial attacks. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sohaib730/Argos-Adversarial_Detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 48.Contrastive Unpaired Translation using Focal Loss for Patch Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12431.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation models transfer images from input domain to output domain in an endeavor to retain the original content of the image. Contrastive Unpaired Translation is one of the existing methods for solving such problems. Significant advantage of this method, compared to competitors, is the ability to train and perform well in cases where both input and output domains are only a single image. Another key thing that differentiates this method from its predecessors is the usage of image patches rather than the whole images. It also turns out that sampling negatives (patches required to calculate the loss) from the same image achieves better results than a scenario where the negatives are sampled from other images in the dataset. This type of approach encourages mapping of corresponding patches to the same location in relation to other patches (negatives) while at the same time improves the output image quality and significantly decreases memory usage as well as the time required to train the model compared to CycleGAN method used as a baseline. Through a series of experiments we show that using focal loss in place of cross-entropy loss within the PatchNCE loss can improve on the model's performance and even surpass the current state-of-the-art model for image-to-image translation.      
### 49.Vehicle Detection and Tracking From Surveillance Cameras in Urban Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12414.pdf)
>  Detecting and tracking vehicles in urban scenes is a crucial step in many traffic-related applications as it helps to improve road user safety among other benefits. Various challenges remain unresolved in multi-object tracking (MOT) including target information description, long-term occlusions and fast motion. We propose a multi-vehicle detection and tracking system following the tracking-by-detection paradigm that tackles the previously mentioned challenges. Our MOT method extends an Intersection-over-Union (IOU)-based tracker with vehicle re-identification features. This allows us to utilize appearance information to better match objects after long occlusion phases and/or when object location is significantly shifted due to fast motion. We outperform our baseline MOT method on the UA-DETRAC benchmark while maintaining a total processing speed suitable for online use cases.      
### 50.Multi-source Few-shot Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12391.pdf)
>  Multi-source Domain Adaptation (MDA) aims to transfer predictive models from multiple, fully-labeled source domains to an unlabeled target domain. However, in many applications, relevant labeled source datasets may not be available, and collecting source labels can be as expensive as labeling the target data itself. In this paper, we investigate Multi-source Few-shot Domain Adaptation (MFDA): a new domain adaptation scenario with limited multi-source labels and unlabeled target data. As we show, existing methods often fail to learn discriminative features for both source and target domains in the MFDA setting. Therefore, we propose a novel framework, termed Multi-Source Few-shot Adaptation Network (MSFAN), which can be trained end-to-end in a non-adversarial manner. MSFAN operates by first using a type of prototypical, multi-domain, self-supervised learning to learn features that are not only domain-invariant but also class-discriminative. Second, MSFAN uses a small, labeled support set to enforce feature consistency and domain invariance across domains. Finally, prototypes from multiple sources are leveraged to learn better classifiers. Compared with state-of-the-art MDA methods, MSFAN improves the mean classification accuracy over different domain pairs on MFDA by 20.2%, 9.4%, and 16.2% on Office, Office-Home, and DomainNet, respectively.      
### 51.A Compositional Feature Embedding and Similarity Metric for Ultra-Fine-Grained Visual Categorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12380.pdf)
>  Fine-grained visual categorization (FGVC), which aims at classifying objects with small inter-class variances, has been significantly advanced in recent years. However, ultra-fine-grained visual categorization (ultra-FGVC), which targets at identifying subclasses with extremely similar patterns, has not received much attention. In ultra-FGVC datasets, the samples per category are always scarce as the granularity moves down, which will lead to overfitting problems. Moreover, the difference among different categories is too subtle to distinguish even for professional experts. Motivated by these issues, this paper proposes a novel compositional feature embedding and similarity metric (CECS). Specifically, in the compositional feature embedding module, we randomly select patches in the original input image, and these patches are then replaced by patches from the images of different categories or masked out. Then the replaced and masked images are used to augment the original input images, which can provide more diverse samples and thus largely alleviate overfitting problem resulted from limited training samples. Besides, learning with diverse samples forces the model to learn not only the most discriminative features but also other informative features in remaining regions, enhancing the generalization and robustness of the model. In the compositional similarity metric module, a new similarity metric is developed to improve the classification performance by narrowing the intra-category distance and enlarging the inter-category distance. Experimental results on two ultra-FGVC datasets and one FGVC dataset with recent benchmark methods consistently demonstrate that the proposed CECS method achieves the state of-the-art performance.      
### 52.Contrastive Learning for Mitochondria Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12363.pdf)
>  Mitochondria segmentation in electron microscopy images is essential in neuroscience. However, due to the image degradation during the imaging process, the large variety of mitochondrial structures, as well as the presence of noise, artifacts and other sub-cellular structures, mitochondria segmentation is very challenging. In this paper, we propose a novel and effective contrastive learning framework to learn a better feature representation from hard examples to improve segmentation. Specifically, we adopt a point sampling strategy to pick out representative pixels from hard examples in the training phase. Based on these sampled pixels, we introduce a pixel-wise label-based contrastive loss which consists of a similarity loss term and a consistency loss term. The similarity term can increase the similarity of pixels from the same class and the separability of pixels from different classes in feature space, while the consistency term is able to enhance the sensitivity of the 3D model to changes in image content from frame to frame. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on MitoEM dataset as well as FIB-SEM dataset and show better or on par with state-of-the-art results.      
### 53.TreeNet: A lightweight One-Shot Aggregation Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12342.pdf)
>  The architecture of deep convolutional networks (CNNs) has evolved for years, becoming more accurate and faster. However, it is still challenging to design reasonable network structures that aim at obtaining the best accuracy under a limited computational budget. In this paper, we propose a Tree block, named after its appearance, which extends the One-Shot Aggregation (OSA) module while being more lightweight and flexible. Specifically, the Tree block replaces each of the $3\times3$ Conv layers in OSA into a stack of shallow residual block (SRB) and $1\times1$ Conv layer. The $1\times1$ Conv layer is responsible for dimension increasing and the SRB is fed into the next step. By doing this, when aggregating the same number of subsequent feature maps, the Tree block has a deeper network structure while having less model complexity. In addition, residual connection and efficient channel attention(ECA) is added to the Tree block to further improve the performance of the network. Based on the Tree block, we build efficient backbone models calling TreeNets. TreeNet has a similar network architecture to ResNet, making it flexible to replace ResNet in various computer vision frameworks. We comprehensively evaluate TreeNet on common-used benchmarks, including ImageNet-1k for classification, MS COCO for object detection, and instance segmentation. Experimental results demonstrate that TreeNet is more efficient and performs favorably against the current state-of-the-art backbone methods.      
### 54.Distribution-sensitive Information Retention for Accurate Binary Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12338.pdf)
>  Model binarization is an effective method of compressing neural networks and accelerating their inference process, which enables state-of-the-art models to run on resource-limited devices. However, a significant performance gap still exists between the 1-bit model and the 32-bit one. The empirical study shows that binarization causes a great loss of information in the forward and backward propagation which harms the performance of binary neural networks (BNNs), and the limited information representation ability of binarized parameter is one of the bottlenecks of BNN performance. We present a novel Distribution-sensitive Information Retention Network (DIR-Net) to retain the information of the forward activations and backward gradients, which improves BNNs by distribution-sensitive optimization without increasing the overhead in the inference process. The DIR-Net mainly relies on two technical contributions: (1) Information Maximized Binarization (IMB): minimizing the information loss and the quantization error of weights/activations simultaneously by balancing and standardizing the weight distribution in the forward propagation; (2) Distribution-sensitive Two-stage Estimator (DTE): minimizing the information loss of gradients by gradual distribution-sensitive approximation of the sign function in the backward propagation, jointly considering the updating capability and accurate gradient. The DIR-Net investigates both forward and backward processes of BNNs from the unified information perspective, thereby provides new insight into the mechanism of network binarization. Comprehensive experiments on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets show our DIR-Net consistently outperforms the SOTA binarization approaches under mainstream and compact architectures. Additionally, we conduct our DIR-Net on real-world resource-limited devices which achieves 11.1 times storage saving and 5.4 times speedup.      
### 55.Hard-sample Guided Hybrid Contrast Learning for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12333.pdf)
>  Unsupervised person re-identification (Re-ID) is a promising and very challenging research problem in computer vision. Learning robust and discriminative features with unlabeled data is of central importance to Re-ID. Recently, more attention has been paid to unsupervised Re-ID algorithms based on clustered pseudo-label. However, the previous approaches did not fully exploit information of hard samples, simply using cluster centroid or all instances for contrastive learning. In this paper, we propose a Hard-sample Guided Hybrid Contrast Learning (HHCL) approach combining cluster-level loss with instance-level loss for unsupervised person Re-ID. Our approach applies cluster centroid contrastive loss to ensure that the network is updated in a more stable way. Meanwhile, introduction of a hard instance contrastive loss further mines the discriminative information. Extensive experiments on two popular large-scale Re-ID benchmarks demonstrate that our HHCL outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods and significantly improves the performance of unsupervised person Re-ID. The code of our work is available soon at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bupt-ai-cz/HHCL-ReID" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.Multi-Modal Multi-Instance Learning for Retinal Disease Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12307.pdf)
>  This paper attacks an emerging challenge of multi-modal retinal disease recognition. Given a multi-modal case consisting of a color fundus photo (CFP) and an array of OCT B-scan images acquired during an eye examination, we aim to build a deep neural network that recognizes multiple vision-threatening diseases for the given case. As the diagnostic efficacy of CFP and OCT is disease-dependent, the network's ability of being both selective and interpretable is important. Moreover, as both data acquisition and manual labeling are extremely expensive in the medical domain, the network has to be relatively lightweight for learning from a limited set of labeled multi-modal samples. Prior art on retinal disease recognition focuses either on a single disease or on a single modality, leaving multi-modal fusion largely underexplored. We propose in this paper Multi-Modal Multi-Instance Learning (MM-MIL) for selectively fusing CFP and OCT modalities. Its lightweight architecture (as compared to current multi-head attention modules) makes it suited for learning from relatively small-sized datasets. For an effective use of MM-MIL, we propose to generate a pseudo sequence of CFPs by over sampling a given CFP. The benefits of this tactic include well balancing instances across modalities, increasing the resolution of the CFP input, and finding out regions of the CFP most relevant with respect to the final diagnosis. Extensive experiments on a real-world dataset consisting of 1,206 multi-modal cases from 1,193 eyes of 836 subjects demonstrate the viability of the proposed model.      
### 57.A Novel Patch Convolutional Neural Network for View-based 3D Model Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12299.pdf)
>  Recently, many view-based 3D model retrieval methods have been proposed and have achieved state-of-the-art performance. Most of these methods focus on extracting more discriminative view-level features and effectively aggregating the multi-view images of a 3D model, but the latent relationship among these multi-view images is not fully explored. Thus, we tackle this problem from the perspective of exploiting the relationships between patch features to capture long-range associations among multi-view images. To capture associations among views, in this work, we propose a novel patch convolutional neural network (PCNN) for view-based 3D model retrieval. Specifically, we first employ a CNN to extract patch features of each view image separately. Secondly, a novel neural network module named PatchConv is designed to exploit intrinsic relationships between neighboring patches in the feature space to capture long-range associations among multi-view images. Then, an adaptive weighted view layer is further embedded into PCNN to automatically assign a weight to each view according to the similarity between each view feature and the view-pooling feature. Finally, a discrimination loss function is employed to extract the discriminative 3D model feature, which consists of softmax loss values generated by the fusion lassifier and the specific classifier. Extensive experimental results on two public 3D model retrieval benchmarks, namely, the ModelNet40, and ModelNet10, demonstrate that our proposed PCNN can outperform state-of-the-art approaches, with mAP alues of 93.67%, and 96.23%, respectively.      
### 58.Learning Stereopsis from Geometric Synthesis for 6D Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12266.pdf)
>  Current monocular-based 6D object pose estimation methods generally achieve less competitive results than RGBD-based methods, mostly due to the lack of 3D information. To make up this gap, this paper proposes a 3D geometric volume based pose estimation method with a short baseline two-view setting. By constructing a geometric volume in the 3D space, we combine the features from two adjacent images to the same 3D space. Then a network is trained to learn the distribution of the position of object keypoints in the volume, and a robust soft RANSAC solver is deployed to solve the pose in closed form. To balance accuracy and cost, we propose a coarse-to-fine framework to improve the performance in an iterative way. The experiments show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art monocular-based methods, and is robust in different objects and scenes, especially in serious occlusion situations.      
### 59.Data, Assemble: Leveraging Multiple Datasets with Heterogeneous and Partial Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12265.pdf)
>  The success of deep learning relies heavily on large datasets with extensive labels, but we often only have access to several small, heterogeneous datasets associated with partial labels, particularly in the field of medical imaging. When learning from multiple datasets, existing challenges include incomparable, heterogeneous, or even conflicting labeling protocols across datasets. In this paper, we propose a new initiative--"data, assemble"--which aims to unleash the full potential of partially labeled data and enormous unlabeled data from an assembly of datasets. To accommodate the supervised learning paradigm to partial labels, we introduce a dynamic adapter that encodes multiple visual tasks and aggregates image features in a question-and-answer manner. Furthermore, we employ pseudo-labeling and consistency constraints to harness images with missing labels and to mitigate the domain gap across datasets. From proof-of-concept studies on three natural imaging datasets and rigorous evaluations on two large-scale thorax X-ray benchmarks, we discover that learning from "negative examples" facilitates both classification and segmentation of classes of interest. This sheds new light on the computer-aided diagnosis of rare diseases and emerging pandemics, wherein "positive examples" are hard to collect, yet "negative examples" are relatively easier to assemble. As a result, besides exceeding the prior art in the NIH ChestXray benchmark, our model is particularly strong in identifying diseases of minority classes, yielding over 3-point improvement on average. Remarkably, when using existing partial labels, our model performance is on-par (p&gt;0.05) with that using a fully curated dataset with exhaustive labels, eliminating the need for additional 40% annotation costs.      
### 60.An embarrassingly simple comparison of machine learning algorithms for indoor scene classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12261.pdf)
>  With the emergence of autonomous indoor robots, the computer vision task of indoor scene recognition has gained the spotlight. Indoor scene recognition is a challenging problem in computer vision that relies on local and global features in a scene. This study aims to compare the performance of five machine learning algorithms on the task of indoor scene classification to identify the pros and cons of each classifier. It also provides a comparison of low latency feature extractors versus enormous feature extractors to understand the performance effects. Finally, a simple MnasNet based indoor classification system is proposed, which can achieve 72% accuracy at 23 ms latency.      
### 61.Tensor Full Feature Measure and Its Nonconvex Relaxation Applications to Tensor Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12257.pdf)
>  Tensor sparse modeling as a promising approach, in the whole of science and engineering has been a huge success. As is known to all, various data in practical application are often generated by multiple factors, so the use of tensors to represent the data containing the internal structure of multiple factors came into being. However, different from the matrix case, constructing reasonable sparse measure of tensor is a relatively difficult and very important task. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a new tensor sparsity measure called Tensor Full Feature Measure (FFM). It can simultaneously describe the feature information of each dimension of the tensor and the related features between two dimensions, and connect the Tucker rank with the tensor tube rank. This measurement method can describe the sparse features of the tensor more comprehensively. On this basis, we establish its non-convex relaxation, and apply FFM to low rank tensor completion (LRTC) and tensor robust principal component analysis (TRPCA). LRTC and TRPCA models based on FFM are proposed, and two efficient Alternating Direction Multiplier Method (ADMM) algorithms are developed to solve the proposed model. A variety of real numerical experiments substantiate the superiority of the proposed methods beyond state-of-the-arts.      
### 62.Long-Range Feature Propagating for Natural Image Matting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12252.pdf)
>  Natural image matting estimates the alpha values of unknown regions in the trimap. Recently, deep learning based methods propagate the alpha values from the known regions to unknown regions according to the similarity between them. However, we find that more than 50\% pixels in the unknown regions cannot be correlated to pixels in known regions due to the limitation of small effective reception fields of common convolutional neural networks, which leads to inaccurate estimation when the pixels in the unknown regions cannot be inferred only with pixels in the reception fields. To solve this problem, we propose Long-Range Feature Propagating Network (LFPNet), which learns the long-range context features outside the reception fields for alpha matte estimation. Specifically, we first design the propagating module which extracts the context features from the downsampled image. Then, we present Center-Surround Pyramid Pooling (CSPP) that explicitly propagates the context features from the surrounding context image patch to the inner center image patch. Finally, we use the matting module which takes the image, trimap and context features to estimate the alpha matte. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods on the AlphaMatting and Adobe Image Matting datasets.      
### 63.Bringing Generalization to Deep Multi-view Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12227.pdf)
>  Multi-view Detection (MVD) is highly effective for occlusion reasoning and is a mainstream solution in various applications that require accurate top-view occupancy maps. While recent works using deep learning have made significant advances in the field, they have overlooked the generalization aspect, which makes them \emph{impractical for real-world deployment}. The key novelty of our work is to \emph{formalize} three critical forms of generalization and \emph{propose experiments to investigate them}: i) generalization across a varying number of cameras, ii) generalization with varying camera positions, and finally, iii) generalization to new scenes. We find that existing \sota models show poor generalization by overfitting to a single scene and camera configuration. We propose modifications in terms of pre-training, pooling strategy, regularization, and loss function to an existing state-of-the-art framework, leading to successful generalization across new camera configurations and new scenes. We perform a comprehensive set of experiments on the \wildtrack and \multiviewx datasets to (a) motivate the necessity to evaluate MVD methods on generalization abilities and (b) demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed approach. The code is publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jeetv/GMVD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 64.Ground material classification and for UAV-based photogrammetric 3D data A 2D-3D Hybrid Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12221.pdf)
>  In recent years, photogrammetry has been widely used in many areas to create photorealistic 3D virtual data representing the physical environment. The innovation of small unmanned aerial vehicles (sUAVs) has provided additional high-resolution imaging capabilities with low cost for mapping a relatively large area of interest. These cutting-edge technologies have caught the US Army and Navy's attention for the purpose of rapid 3D battlefield reconstruction, virtual training, and simulations. Our previous works have demonstrated the importance of information extraction from the derived photogrammetric data to create semantic-rich virtual environments (Chen et al., 2019). For example, an increase of simulation realism and fidelity was achieved by segmenting and replacing photogrammetric trees with game-ready tree models. In this work, we further investigated the semantic information extraction problem and focused on the ground material segmentation and object detection tasks. The main innovation of this work was that we leveraged both the original 2D images and the derived 3D photogrammetric data to overcome the challenges faced when using each individual data source. For ground material segmentation, we utilized an existing convolutional neural network architecture (i.e., 3DMV) which was originally designed for segmenting RGB-D sensed indoor data. We improved its performance for outdoor photogrammetric data by introducing a depth pooling layer in the architecture to take into consideration the distance between the source images and the reconstructed terrain model. To test the performance of our improved 3DMV, a ground truth ground material database was created using data from the One World Terrain (OWT) data repository. Finally, a workflow for importing the segmented ground materials into a virtual simulation scene was introduced, and visual results are reported in this paper.      
### 65.MLIM: Vision-and-Language Model Pre-training with Masked Language and Image Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12178.pdf)
>  Vision-and-Language Pre-training (VLP) improves model performance for downstream tasks that require image and text inputs. Current VLP approaches differ on (i) model architecture (especially image embedders), (ii) loss functions, and (iii) masking policies. Image embedders are either deep models like ResNet or linear projections that directly feed image-pixels into the transformer. Typically, in addition to the Masked Language Modeling (MLM) loss, alignment-based objectives are used for cross-modality interaction, and RoI feature regression and classification tasks for Masked Image-Region Modeling (MIRM). Both alignment and MIRM objectives mostly do not have ground truth. Alignment-based objectives require pairings of image and text and heuristic objective functions. MIRM relies on object detectors. Masking policies either do not take advantage of multi-modality or are strictly coupled with alignments generated by other models. In this paper, we present Masked Language and Image Modeling (MLIM) for VLP. MLIM uses two loss functions: Masked Language Modeling (MLM) loss and image reconstruction (RECON) loss. We propose Modality Aware Masking (MAM) to boost cross-modality interaction and take advantage of MLM and RECON losses that separately capture text and image reconstruction quality. Using MLM + RECON tasks coupled with MAM, we present a simplified VLP methodology and show that it has better downstream task performance on a proprietary e-commerce multi-modal dataset.      
### 66.Attentive Contractive Flow: Improved Contractive Flows with Lipschitz-constrained Self-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12135.pdf)
>  Normalizing flows provide an elegant method for obtaining tractable density estimates from distributions by using invertible transformations. The main challenge is to improve the expressivity of the models while keeping the invertibility constraints intact. We propose to do so via the incorporation of localized self-attention. However, conventional self-attention mechanisms don't satisfy the requirements to obtain invertible flows and can't be naively incorporated into normalizing flows. To address this, we introduce a novel approach called Attentive Contractive Flow (ACF) which utilizes a special category of flow-based generative models - contractive flows. We demonstrate that ACF can be introduced into a variety of state of the art flow models in a plug-and-play manner. This is demonstrated to not only improve the representation power of these models (improving on the bits per dim metric), but also to results in significantly faster convergence in training them. Qualitative results, including interpolations between test images, demonstrate that samples are more realistic and capture local correlations in the data well. We evaluate the results further by performing perturbation analysis using AWGN demonstrating that ACF models (especially the dot-product variant) show better and more consistent resilience to additive noise.      
### 67.Automatic Map Update Using Dashcam Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12131.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving requires 3D maps that provide accurate and up-to-date information about semantic landmarks. Due to the wider availability and lower cost of cameras compared with laser scanners, vision-based mapping has attracted much attention from academia and industry. Among the existing solutions, Structure-from-Motion (SfM) technology has proved to be feasible for building 3D maps from crowdsourced data, since it allows unordered images as input. Previous works on SfM have mainly focused on issues related to building 3D point clouds and calculating camera poses, leaving the issues of automatic change detection and localization open. <br>We propose in this paper an SfM-based solution for automatic map update, with a focus on real-time change detection and localization. Our solution builds on comparison of semantic map data (e.g. types and locations of traffic signs). Through a novel design of the pixel-wise 3D localization algorithm, our system can locate the objects detected from 2D images in a 3D space, utilizing sparse SfM point clouds. Experiments with dashcam videos collected from two urban areas prove that the system is able to locate visible traffic signs in front along the driving direction with a median distance error of 1.52 meters. Moreover, it can detect up to 80\% of the changes with a median distance error of 2.21 meters. The result analysis also shows the potential of significantly improving the system performance in the future by increasing the accuracy of the background technology in use, including in particularly the object detection and point cloud geo-registration algorithms.      
### 68.SAU: Smooth activation function using convolution with approximate identities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13210.pdf)
>  Well-known activation functions like ReLU or Leaky ReLU are non-differentiable at the origin. Over the years, many smooth approximations of ReLU have been proposed using various smoothing techniques. We propose new smooth approximations of a non-differentiable activation function by convolving it with approximate identities. In particular, we present smooth approximations of Leaky ReLU and show that they outperform several well-known activation functions in various datasets and models. We call this function Smooth Activation Unit (SAU). Replacing ReLU by SAU, we get 5.12% improvement with ShuffleNet V2 (2.0x) model on CIFAR100 dataset.      
### 69.Spiking neural networks trained via proxy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13208.pdf)
>  We propose a new learning algorithm to train spiking neural networks (SNN) using conventional artificial neural networks (ANN) as proxy. We couple two SNN and ANN networks, respectively, made of integrate-and-fire (IF) and ReLU neurons with the same network architectures and shared synaptic weights. The forward passes of the two networks are totally independent. By assuming IF neuron with rate-coding as an approximation of ReLU, we backpropagate the error of the SNN in the proxy ANN to update the shared weights, simply by replacing the ANN final output with that of the SNN. We applied the proposed proxy learning to deep convolutional SNNs and evaluated it on two benchmarked datasets of Fahion-MNIST and Cifar10 with 94.56% and 93.11% classification accuracy, respectively. The proposed networks could outperform other deep SNNs trained with tandem learning, surrogate gradient learning, or converted from deep ANNs. Converted SNNs require long simulation times to reach reasonable accuracies while our proxy learning leads to efficient SNNs with much shorter simulation times.      
### 70.DAReN: A Collaborative Approach Towards Reasoning And Disentangling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13156.pdf)
>  Computational learning approaches to solving visual reasoning tests, such as Raven's Progressive Matrices (RPM),critically depend on the ability of the computational approach to identify the visual concepts used in the test (i.e., the representation) as well as the latent rules based on those concepts (i.e., the reasoning). However, learning of representation and reasoning is a challenging and ill-posed task,often approached in a stage-wise manner (first representation, then reasoning). In this work, we propose an end-to-end joint representation-reasoning learning framework, which leverages a weak form of inductive bias to improve both tasks together. Specifically, we propose a general generative graphical model for RPMs, GM-RPM, and apply it to solve the reasoning test. We accomplish this using a novel learning framework Disentangling based Abstract Reasoning Network (DAReN) based on the principles of GM-RPM. We perform an empirical evaluation of DAReN over several benchmark datasets. DAReN shows consistent improvement over state-of-the-art (SOTA) models on both the reasoning and the disentanglement tasks. This demonstrates the strong correlation between disentangled latent representation and the ability to solve abstract visual reasoning tasks.      
### 71.Towards the Classification of Error-Related Potentials using Riemannian Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13085.pdf)
>  The error-related potential (ErrP) is an event-related potential (ERP) evoked by an experimental participant's recognition of an error during task performance. ErrPs, originally described by cognitive psychologists, have been adopted for use in brain-computer interfaces (BCIs) for the detection and correction of errors, and the online refinement of decoding algorithms. Riemannian geometry-based feature extraction and classification is a new approach to BCI which shows good performance in a range of experimental paradigms, but has yet to be applied to the classification of ErrPs. Here, we describe an experiment that elicited ErrPs in seven normal participants performing a visual discrimination task. Audio feedback was provided on each trial. We used multi-channel electroencephalogram (EEG) recordings to classify ErrPs (success/failure), comparing a Riemannian geometry-based method to a traditional approach that computes time-point features. Overall, the Riemannian approach outperformed the traditional approach (78.2% versus 75.9% accuracy, p &lt; 0.05); this difference was statistically significant (p &lt; 0.05) in three of seven participants. These results indicate that the Riemannian approach better captured the features from feedback-elicited ErrPs, and may have application in BCI for error detection and correction.      
### 72.Optimising for Interpretability: Convolutional Dynamic Alignment Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13004.pdf)
>  We introduce a new family of neural network models called Convolutional Dynamic Alignment Networks (CoDA Nets), which are performant classifiers with a high degree of inherent interpretability. Their core building blocks are Dynamic Alignment Units (DAUs), which are optimised to transform their inputs with dynamically computed weight vectors that align with task-relevant patterns. As a result, CoDA Nets model the classification prediction through a series of input-dependent linear transformations, allowing for linear decomposition of the output into individual input contributions. Given the alignment of the DAUs, the resulting contribution maps align with discriminative input patterns. These model-inherent decompositions are of high visual quality and outperform existing attribution methods under quantitative metrics. Further, CoDA Nets constitute performant classifiers, achieving on par results to ResNet and VGG models on e.g. CIFAR-10 and TinyImagenet. Lastly, CoDA Nets can be combined with conventional neural network models to yield powerful classifiers that more easily scale to complex datasets such as Imagenet whilst exhibiting an increased interpretable depth, i.e., the output can be explained well in terms of contributions from intermediate layers within the network.      
### 73.CT-ICP: Real-time Elastic LiDAR Odometry with Loop Closure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12979.pdf)
>  Multi-beam LiDAR sensors are increasingly used in robotics, particularly for autonomous cars for localization and perception tasks. However, perception is closely linked to the localization task and the robot's ability to build a fine map of its environment. For this, we propose a new real-time LiDAR odometry method called CT-ICP, as well as a complete SLAM with loop closure. The principle of CT-ICP is to use an elastic formulation of the trajectory, with a continuity of poses intra-scan and discontinuity between scans, to be more robust to high frequencies in the movements of the sensor. The registration is based on scan-to-map with a dense point cloud as map structured in sparse voxels to operate in real time. At the same time, a fast method of loop closure detection using elevation images and an optimization of poses by graph allows to obtain a complete SLAM purely on LiDAR. To show the robustness of the method, we tested it on seven datasets: KITTI, KITTI-raw, KITTI-360, KITTI-CARLA, ParisLuco, Newer College, and NCLT in driving and high-frequency motion scenarios. The CT-ICP odometry is implemented in C++ and available online. The loop detection and pose graph optimization is in the framework pyLiDAR-SLAM in Python and also available online. CT-ICP is currently first, among those giving access to a public code, on the KITTI odometry leaderboard, with an average Relative Translation Error (RTE) of 0.59% and an average time per scan of 60ms on a CPU with a single thread.      
### 74.Optimized Automated Cardiac MR Scar Quantification with GAN-Based Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12940.pdf)
>  Background: The clinical utility of late gadolinium enhancement (LGE) cardiac MRI is limited by the lack of standardization, and time-consuming postprocessing. In this work, we tested the hypothesis that a cascaded deep learning pipeline trained with augmentation by synthetically generated data would improve model accuracy and robustness for automated scar quantification. <br>Methods: A cascaded pipeline consisting of three consecutive neural networks is proposed, starting with a bounding box regression network to identify a region of interest around the left ventricular (LV) myocardium. Two further nnU-Net models are then used to segment the myocardium and, if present, scar. The models were trained on the data from the EMIDEC challenge, supplemented with an extensive synthetic dataset generated with a conditional GAN. <br>Results: The cascaded pipeline significantly outperformed a single nnU-Net directly segmenting both the myocardium (mean Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) (standard deviation (SD)): 0.84 (0.09) vs 0.63 (0.20), p &lt; 0.01) and scar (DSC: 0.72 (0.34) vs 0.46 (0.39), p &lt; 0.01) on a per-slice level. The inclusion of the synthetic data as data augmentation during training improved the scar segmentation DSC by 0.06 (p &lt; 0.01). The mean DSC per-subject on the challenge test set, for the cascaded pipeline augmented by synthetic generated data, was 0.86 (0.03) and 0.67 (0.29) for myocardium and scar, respectively. <br>Conclusion: A cascaded deep learning-based pipeline trained with augmentation by synthetically generated data leads to myocardium and scar segmentations that are similar to the manual operator, and outperforms direct segmentation without the synthetic images.      
### 75.ClipMatrix: Text-controlled Creation of 3D Textured Meshes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12922.pdf)
>  If a picture is worth thousand words, a moving 3d shape must be worth a million. We build upon the success of recent generative methods that create images fitting the semantics of a text prompt, and extend it to the controlled generation of 3d objects. We present a novel algorithm for the creation of textured 3d meshes, controlled by text prompts. Our method creates aesthetically pleasing high resolution articulated 3d meshes, and opens new possibilities for automation and AI control of 3d assets. We call it "ClipMatrix" because it leverages CLIP text embeddings to breed new digital 3d creatures, a nod to the Latin meaning of the word "matrix" - "mother". See the online gallery for a full impression of our method's capability.      
### 76.Compressive Visual Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12909.pdf)
>  Learning effective visual representations that generalize well without human supervision is a fundamental problem in order to apply Machine Learning to a wide variety of tasks. Recently, two families of self-supervised methods, contrastive learning and latent bootstrapping, exemplified by SimCLR and BYOL respectively, have made significant progress. In this work, we hypothesize that adding explicit information compression to these algorithms yields better and more robust representations. We verify this by developing SimCLR and BYOL formulations compatible with the Conditional Entropy Bottleneck (CEB) objective, allowing us to both measure and control the amount of compression in the learned representation, and observe their impact on downstream tasks. Furthermore, we explore the relationship between Lipschitz continuity and compression, showing a tractable lower bound on the Lipschitz constant of the encoders we learn. As Lipschitz continuity is closely related to robustness, this provides a new explanation for why compressed models are more robust. Our experiments confirm that adding compression to SimCLR and BYOL significantly improves linear evaluation accuracies and model robustness across a wide range of domain shifts. In particular, the compressed version of BYOL achieves 76.0% Top-1 linear evaluation accuracy on ImageNet with ResNet-50, and 78.8% with ResNet-50 2x.      
### 77.MUTEN: Boosting Gradient-Based Adversarial Attacks via Mutant-Based Ensembles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12838.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are vulnerable to adversarial examples, which causes serious threats to security-critical applications. This motivated much research on providing mechanisms to make models more robust against adversarial attacks. Unfortunately, most of these defenses, such as gradient masking, are easily overcome through different attack means. In this paper, we propose MUTEN, a low-cost method to improve the success rate of well-known attacks against gradient-masking models. Our idea is to apply the attacks on an ensemble model which is built by mutating the original model elements after training. As we found out that mutant diversity is a key factor in improving success rate, we design a greedy algorithm for generating diverse mutants efficiently. Experimental results on MNIST, SVHN, and CIFAR10 show that MUTEN can increase the success rate of four attacks by up to 0.45.      
### 78.An optimised deep spiking neural network architecture without gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12813.pdf)
>  We present an end-to-end trainable modular event-driven neural architecture that uses local synaptic and threshold adaptation rules to perform transformations between arbitrary spatio-temporal spike patterns. The architecture represents a highly abstracted model of existing Spiking Neural Network (SNN) architectures. The proposed Optimized Deep Event-driven Spiking neural network Architecture (ODESA) can simultaneously learn hierarchical spatio-temporal features at multiple arbitrary time scales. ODESA performs online learning without the use of error back-propagation or the calculation of gradients. Through the use of simple local adaptive selection thresholds at each node, the network rapidly learns to appropriately allocate its neuronal resources at each layer for any given problem without using a real-valued error measure. These adaptive selection thresholds are the central feature of ODESA, ensuring network stability and remarkable robustness to noise as well as to the selection of initial system parameters. Network activations are inherently sparse due to a hard Winner-Take-All (WTA) constraint at each layer. We evaluate the architecture on existing spatio-temporal datasets, including the spike-encoded IRIS and TIDIGITS datasets, as well as a novel set of tasks based on International Morse Code that we created. These tests demonstrate the hierarchical spatio-temporal learning capabilities of ODESA. Through these tests, we demonstrate ODESA can optimally solve practical and highly challenging hierarchical spatio-temporal learning tasks with the minimum possible number of computing nodes.      
### 79.High Frame Rate Video Quality Assessment using VMAF and Entropic Differences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12785.pdf)
>  The popularity of streaming videos with live, high-action content has led to an increased interest in High Frame Rate (HFR) videos. In this work we address the problem of frame rate dependent Video Quality Assessment (VQA) when the videos to be compared have different frame rate and compression factor. The current VQA models such as VMAF have superior correlation with perceptual judgments when videos to be compared have same frame rates and contain conventional distortions such as compression, scaling etc. However this framework requires additional pre-processing step when videos with different frame rates need to be compared, which can potentially limit its overall performance. Recently, Generalized Entropic Difference (GREED) VQA model was proposed to account for artifacts that arise due to changes in frame rate, and showed superior performance on the LIVE-YT-HFR database which contains frame rate dependent artifacts such as judder, strobing etc. In this paper we propose a simple extension, where the features from VMAF and GREED are fused in order to exploit the advantages of both models. We show through various experiments that the proposed fusion framework results in more efficient features for predicting frame rate dependent video quality. We also evaluate the fused feature set on standard non-HFR VQA databases and obtain superior performance than both GREED and VMAF, indicating the combined feature set captures complimentary perceptual quality information.      
### 80.Leveraging Multiple CNNs for Triaging Medical Workflow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12783.pdf)
>  High hospitalization rates due to the global spread of Covid-19 bring about a need for improvements to classical triaging workflows. To this end, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can effectively differentiate critical from non-critical images so that critical cases may be addressed quickly, so long as there exists some representative image for the illness. Presented is a conglomerate neural network system consisting of multiple VGG16 CNNs; the system trains on weighted skin disease images re-labelled as critical or non-critical, to then attach to input images a critical index between 0 and 10. A critical index offers a more comprehensive rating system compared to binary critical/non-critical labels. Results for batches of input images run through the trained network are promising. A batch is shown being re-ordered by the proposed architecture from most critical to least critical roughly accurately.      
### 81.Markerless Suture Needle 6D Pose Tracking with Robust Uncertainty Estimation for Autonomous Minimally Invasive Robotic Surgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12722.pdf)
>  Suture needle localization plays a crucial role towards autonomous suturing. To track the 6D pose of a suture needle robustly, previous approaches usually add markers on the needle or perform complex operations for feature extraction, making these methods difficult to be applicable to real-world environments. Therefore in this work, we present a novel approach for markerless suture needle pose tracking using Bayesian filters. A data-efficient feature point detector is trained to extract the feature points on the needle. Then based on these detections, we propose a novel observation model that measures the overlap between the detections and the expected projection of the needle, which can be calculated efficiently. In addition, for the proposed method, we derive the approximation for the covariance of the observation noise, making this model more robust to the uncertainty in the detections. The experimental results in simulation show that the proposed observation model achieves low tracking errors of approximately 1.5mm in position in space and 1 degree in orientation. We also demonstrate the qualitative results of our trained markerless feature detector combined with the proposed observation model in real-world environments. The results show high consistency between the projection of the tracked pose and that of the real pose.      
### 82.Cluster Analysis with Deep Embeddings and Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12714.pdf)
>  Unsupervised disentangled representation learning is a long-standing problem in computer vision. This work proposes a novel framework for performing image clustering from deep embeddings by combining instance-level contrastive learning with a deep embedding based cluster center predictor. Our approach jointly learns representations and predicts cluster centers in an end-to-end manner. This is accomplished via a three-pronged approach that combines a clustering loss, an instance-wise contrastive loss, and an anchor loss. Our fundamental intuition is that using an ensemble loss that incorporates instance-level features and a clustering procedure focusing on semantic similarity reinforces learning better representations in the latent space. We observe that our method performs exceptionally well on popular vision datasets when evaluated using standard clustering metrics such as Normalized Mutual Information (NMI), in addition to producing geometrically well-separated cluster embeddings as defined by the Euclidean distance. Our framework performs on par with widely accepted clustering methods and outperforms the state-of-the-art contrastive learning method on the CIFAR-10 dataset with an NMI score of 0.772, a 7-8% improvement on the strong baseline.      
### 83.A Novel Hybrid Convolutional Neural Network for Accurate Organ Segmentation in 3D Head and Neck CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12634.pdf)
>  Radiation therapy (RT) is widely employed in the clinic for the treatment of head and neck (HaN) cancers. An essential step of RT planning is the accurate segmentation of various organs-at-risks (OARs) in HaN CT images. Nevertheless, segmenting OARs manually is time-consuming, tedious, and error-prone considering that typical HaN CT images contain tens to hundreds of slices. Automated segmentation algorithms are urgently required. Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been extensively investigated on this task. Particularly, 3D CNNs are frequently adopted to process 3D HaN CT images. There are two issues with nave 3D CNNs. First, the depth resolution of 3D CT images is usually several times lower than the in-plane resolution. Direct employment of 3D CNNs without distinguishing this difference can lead to the extraction of distorted image features and influence the final segmentation performance. Second, a severe class imbalance problem exists, and large organs can be orders of times larger than small organs. It is difficult to simultaneously achieve accurate segmentation for all the organs. To address these issues, we propose a novel hybrid CNN that fuses 2D and 3D convolutions to combat the different spatial resolutions and extract effective edge and semantic features from 3D HaN CT images. To accommodate large and small organs, our final model, named OrganNet2.5D, consists of only two instead of the classic four downsampling operations, and hybrid dilated convolutions are introduced to maintain the respective field. Experiments on the MICCAI 2015 challenge dataset demonstrate that OrganNet2.5D achieves promising performance compared to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 84.Group Shift Pointwise Convolution for Volumetric Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12629.pdf)
>  Recent studies have witnessed the effectiveness of 3D convolutions on segmenting volumetric medical images. Compared with the 2D counterparts, 3D convolutions can capture the spatial context in three dimensions. Nevertheless, models employing 3D convolutions introduce more trainable parameters and are more computationally complex, which may lead easily to model overfitting especially for medical applications with limited available training data. This paper aims to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of 3D convolutions by introducing a novel Group Shift Pointwise Convolution (GSP-Conv). GSP-Conv simplifies 3D convolutions into pointwise ones with 1x1x1 kernels, which dramatically reduces the number of model parameters and FLOPs (e.g. 27x fewer than 3D convolutions with 3x3x3 kernels). Nave pointwise convolutions with limited receptive fields cannot make full use of the spatial image context. To address this problem, we propose a parameter-free operation, Group Shift (GS), which shifts the feature maps along with different spatial directions in an elegant way. With GS, pointwise convolutions can access features from different spatial locations, and the limited receptive fields of pointwise convolutions can be compensated. We evaluate the proposed methods on two datasets, PROMISE12 and BraTS18. Results show that our method, with substantially decreased model complexity, achieves comparable or even better performance than models employing 3D convolutions.      
### 85.Structure-aware scale-adaptive networks for cancer segmentation in whole-slide images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12617.pdf)
>  Cancer segmentation in whole-slide images is a fundamental step for viable tumour burden estimation, which is of great value for cancer assessment. However, factors like vague boundaries or small regions dissociated from viable tumour areas make it a challenging task. Considering the usefulness of multi-scale features in various vision-related tasks, we present a structure-aware scale-adaptive feature selection method for efficient and accurate cancer segmentation. Based on a segmentation network with a popular encoder-decoder architecture, a scale-adaptive module is proposed for selecting more robust features to represent the vague, non-rigid boundaries. Furthermore, a structural similarity metric is proposed for better tissue structure awareness to deal with small region segmentation. In addition, advanced designs including several attention mechanisms and the selective-kernel convolutions are applied to the baseline network for comparative study purposes. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed structure-aware scale-adaptive networks achieve outstanding performance on liver cancer segmentation when compared to top ten submitted results in the challenge of PAIP 2019. Further evaluation on colorectal cancer segmentation shows that the scale-adaptive module improves the baseline network or outperforms the other excellent designs of attention mechanisms when considering the tradeoff between efficiency and accuracy.      
### 86.Generalized multiscale feature extraction for remaining useful life prediction of bearings with generative adversarial networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12513.pdf)
>  Bearing is a key component in industrial machinery and its failure may lead to unwanted downtime and economic loss. Hence, it is necessary to predict the remaining useful life (RUL) of bearings. Conventional data-driven approaches of RUL prediction require expert domain knowledge for manual feature extraction and may suffer from data distribution discrepancy between training and test data. In this study, we propose a novel generalized multiscale feature extraction method with generative adversarial networks. The adversarial training learns the distribution of training data from different bearings and is introduced for health stage division and RUL prediction. To capture the sequence feature from a one-dimensional vibration signal, we adapt a U-Net architecture that reconstructs features to process them with multiscale layers in the generator of the adversarial network. To validate the proposed method, comprehensive experiments on two rotating machinery datasets have been conducted to predict the RUL. The experimental results show that the proposed feature extraction method can effectively predict the RUL and outperforms the conventional RUL prediction approaches based on deep neural networks. The implementation code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/opensuh/GMFE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 87.Short-Term Load Forecasting Using Time Pooling Deep Recurrent Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12498.pdf)
>  Integration of renewable energy sources and emerging loads like electric vehicles to smart grids brings more uncertainty to the distribution system management. Demand Side Management (DSM) is one of the approaches to reduce the uncertainty. Some applications like Nonintrusive Load Monitoring (NILM) can support DSM, however they require accurate forecasting on high resolution data. This is challenging when it comes to single loads like one residential household due to its high volatility. In this paper, we review some of the existing Deep Learning-based methods and present our solution using Time Pooling Deep Recurrent Neural Network. The proposed method augments data using time pooling strategy and can overcome overfitting problems and model uncertainties of data more efficiently. Simulation and implementation results show that our method outperforms the existing algorithms in terms of RMSE and MAE metrics.      
### 88.EllipseNet: Anchor-Free Ellipse Detection for Automatic Cardiac Biometrics in Fetal Echocardiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12474.pdf)
>  As an important scan plane, four chamber view is routinely performed in both second trimester perinatal screening and fetal echocardiographic examinations. The biometrics in this plane including cardio-thoracic ratio (CTR) and cardiac axis are usually measured by sonographers for diagnosing congenital heart disease. However, due to the commonly existing artifacts like acoustic shadowing, the traditional manual measurements not only suffer from the low efficiency, but also with the inconsistent results depending on the operators' skills. In this paper, we present an anchor-free ellipse detection network, namely EllipseNet, which detects the cardiac and thoracic regions in ellipse and automatically calculates the CTR and cardiac axis for fetal cardiac biometrics in 4-chamber view. In particular, we formulate the network that detects the center of each object as points and regresses the ellipses' parameters simultaneously. We define an intersection-over-union loss to further regulate the regression procedure. We evaluate EllipseNet on clinical echocardiogram dataset with more than 2000 subjects. Experimental results show that the proposed framework outperforms several state-of-the-art methods. Source code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.openi.org.cn/capepoint/EllipseNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 89.Auditing AI models for Verified Deployment under Semantic Specifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12456.pdf)
>  Auditing trained deep learning (DL) models prior to deployment is vital in preventing unintended consequences. One of the biggest challenges in auditing is in understanding how we can obtain human-interpretable specifications that are directly useful to the end-user. We address this challenge through a sequence of semantically-aligned unit tests, where each unit test verifies whether a predefined specification (e.g., accuracy over 95%) is satisfied with respect to controlled and semantically aligned variations in the input space (e.g., in face recognition, the angle relative to the camera). We perform these unit tests by directly verifying the semantically aligned variations in an interpretable latent space of a generative model. Our framework, AuditAI, bridges the gap between interpretable formal verification and scalability. With evaluations on four different datasets, covering images of towers, chest X-rays, human faces, and ImageNet classes, we show how AuditAI allows us to obtain controlled variations for verification and certified training while addressing the limitations of verifying using only pixel-space perturbations. A blog post accompanying the paper is at this link <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/nvidia-research-auditing-ai-models-for-verified-deployment-under-semantic-specifications" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 90.Classification of COVID-19 from CXR Images in a 15-class Scenario: an Attempt to Avoid Bias in the System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12453.pdf)
>  As of June 2021, the World Health Organization (WHO) has reported 171.7 million confirmed cases including 3,698,621 deaths from COVID-19. Detecting COVID-19 and other lung diseases from Chest X-Ray (CXR) images can be very effective for emergency diagnosis and treatment as CXR is fast and cheap. The objective of this study is to develop a system capable of detecting COVID-19 along with 14 other lung diseases from CXRs in a fair and unbiased manner. The proposed system consists of a CXR image selection technique and a deep learning based model to classify 15 diseases including COVID-19. The proposed CXR selection technique aims to retain the maximum variation uniformly and eliminate poor quality CXRs with the goal of reducing the training dataset size without compromising classifier accuracy. More importantly, it reduces the often hidden bias and unfairness in decision making. The proposed solution exhibits a promising COVID-19 detection scheme in a more realistic situation than most existing studies as it deals with 15 lung diseases together. We hope the proposed method will have wider adoption in medical image classification and other related fields.      
### 91.ReCal-Net: Joint Region-Channel-Wise Calibrated Network for Semantic Segmentation in Cataract Surgery Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12448.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation in surgical videos is a prerequisite for a broad range of applications towards improving surgical outcomes and surgical video analysis. However, semantic segmentation in surgical videos involves many challenges. In particular, in cataract surgery, various features of the relevant objects such as blunt edges, color and context variation, reflection, transparency, and motion blur pose a challenge for semantic segmentation. In this paper, we propose a novel convolutional module termed as \textit{ReCal} module, which can calibrate the feature maps by employing region intra-and-inter-dependencies and channel-region cross-dependencies. This calibration strategy can effectively enhance semantic representation by correlating different representations of the same semantic label, considering a multi-angle local view centering around each pixel. Thus the proposed module can deal with distant visual characteristics of unique objects as well as cross-similarities in the visual characteristics of different objects. Moreover, we propose a novel network architecture based on the proposed module termed as ReCal-Net. Experimental results confirm the superiority of ReCal-Net compared to rival state-of-the-art approaches for all relevant objects in cataract surgery. Moreover, ablation studies reveal the effectiveness of the ReCal module in boosting semantic segmentation accuracy.      
### 92.Profiling Neural Blocks and Design Spaces for Mobile Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12426.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search automates neural network design and has achieved state-of-the-art results in many deep learning applications. While recent literature has focused on designing networks to maximize accuracy, little work has been conducted to understand the compatibility of architecture design spaces to varying hardware. In this paper, we analyze the neural blocks used to build Once-for-All (MobileNetV3), ProxylessNAS and ResNet families, in order to understand their predictive power and inference latency on various devices, including Huawei Kirin 9000 NPU, RTX 2080 Ti, AMD Threadripper 2990WX, and Samsung Note10. We introduce a methodology to quantify the friendliness of neural blocks to hardware and the impact of their placement in a macro network on overall network performance via only end-to-end measurements. Based on extensive profiling results, we derive design insights and apply them to hardware-specific search space reduction. We show that searching in the reduced search space generates better accuracy-latency Pareto frontiers than searching in the original search spaces, customizing architecture search according to the hardware. Moreover, insights derived from measurements lead to notably higher ImageNet top-1 scores on all search spaces investigated.      
### 93.L$^{2}$NAS: Learning to Optimize Neural Architectures via Continuous-Action Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12425.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) has achieved remarkable results in deep neural network design. Differentiable architecture search converts the search over discrete architectures into a hyperparameter optimization problem which can be solved by gradient descent. However, questions have been raised regarding the effectiveness and generalizability of gradient methods for solving non-convex architecture hyperparameter optimization problems. In this paper, we propose L$^{2}$NAS, which learns to intelligently optimize and update architecture hyperparameters via an actor neural network based on the distribution of high-performing architectures in the search history. We introduce a quantile-driven training procedure which efficiently trains L$^{2}$NAS in an actor-critic framework via continuous-action reinforcement learning. Experiments show that L$^{2}$NAS achieves state-of-the-art results on NAS-Bench-201 benchmark as well as DARTS search space and Once-for-All MobileNetV3 search space. We also show that search policies generated by L$^{2}$NAS are generalizable and transferable across different training datasets with minimal fine-tuning.      
### 94.Joint Progressive and Coarse-to-fine Registration of Brain MRI via Deformation Field Integration and Non-Rigid Feature Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12384.pdf)
>  Registration of brain MRI images requires to solve a deformation field, which is extremely difficult in aligning intricate brain tissues, e.g., subcortical nuclei, etc. Existing efforts resort to decomposing the target deformation field into intermediate sub-fields with either tiny motions, i.e., progressive registration stage by stage, or lower resolutions, i.e., coarse-to-fine estimation of the full-size deformation field. In this paper, we argue that those efforts are not mutually exclusive, and propose a unified framework for robust brain MRI registration in both progressive and coarse-to-fine manners simultaneously. Specifically, building on a dual-encoder U-Net, the fixed-moving MRI pair is encoded and decoded into multi-scale deformation sub-fields from coarse to fine. Each decoding block contains two proposed novel modules: i) in Deformation Field Integration (DFI), a single integrated sub-field is calculated, warping by which is equivalent to warping progressively by sub-fields from all previous decoding blocks, and ii) in Non-rigid Feature Fusion (NFF), features of the fixed-moving pair are aligned by DFI-integrated sub-field, and then fused to predict a finer sub-field. Leveraging both DFI and NFF, the target deformation field is factorized into multi-scale sub-fields, where the coarser fields alleviate the estimate of a finer one and the finer field learns to make up those misalignments insolvable by previous coarser ones. The extensive and comprehensive experimental results on both private and public datasets demonstrate a superior registration performance of brain MRI images over progressive registration only and coarse-to-fine estimation only, with an increase by at most 10% in the average Dice.      
### 95.A Principled Approach to Failure Analysis and Model Repairment: Demonstration in Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12347.pdf)
>  Machine learning models commonly exhibit unexpected failures post-deployment due to either data shifts or uncommon situations in the training environment. Domain experts typically go through the tedious process of inspecting the failure cases manually, identifying failure modes and then attempting to fix the model. In this work, we aim to standardise and bring principles to this process through answering two critical questions: (i) how do we know that we have identified meaningful and distinct failure types?; (ii) how can we validate that a model has, indeed, been repaired? We suggest that the quality of the identified failure types can be validated through measuring the intra- and inter-type generalisation after fine-tuning and introduce metrics to compare different subtyping methods. Furthermore, we argue that a model can be considered repaired if it achieves high accuracy on the failure types while retaining performance on the previously correct data. We combine these two ideas into a principled framework for evaluating the quality of both the identified failure subtypes and model repairment. We evaluate its utility on a classification and an object detection tasks. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Rokken-lab6/Failure-Analysis-and-Model-Repairment" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 96.Prediction of MGMT Methylation Status of Glioblastoma using Radiomics and Latent Space Shape Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12339.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a method for predicting the status of MGMT promoter methylation in high-grade gliomas. From the available MR images, we segment the tumor using deep convolutional neural networks and extract both radiomic features and shape features learned by a variational autoencoder. We implemented a standard machine learning workflow to obtain predictions, consisting of feature selection followed by training of a random forest classification model. We trained and evaluated our method on the RSNA-ASNR-MICCAI BraTS 2021 challenge dataset and submitted our predictions to the challenge.      
### 97.Predicting survival of glioblastoma from automatic whole-brain and tumor segmentation of MR images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12334.pdf)
>  Survival prediction models can potentially be used to guide treatment of glioblastoma patients. However, currently available MR imaging biomarkers holding prognostic information are often challenging to interpret, have difficulties generalizing across data acquisitions, or are only applicable to pre-operative MR data. In this paper we aim to address these issues by introducing novel imaging features that can be automatically computed from MR images and fed into machine learning models to predict patient survival. The features we propose have a direct biological interpretation: They measure the deformation caused by the tumor on the surrounding brain structures, comparing the shape of various structures in the patient's brain to their expected shape in healthy individuals. To obtain the required segmentations, we use an automatic method that is contrast-adaptive and robust to missing modalities, making the features generalizable across scanners and imaging protocols. Since the features we propose do not depend on characteristics of the tumor region itself, they are also applicable to post-operative images, which have been much less studied in the context of survival prediction. Using experiments involving both pre- and post-operative data, we show that the proposed features carry prognostic value in terms of overall- and progression-free survival, over and above that of conventional non-imaging features.      
### 98.Fully Differentiable and Interpretable Model for VIO with 4 Trainable Parameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12292.pdf)
>  Monocular visual-inertial odometry (VIO) is a critical problem in robotics and autonomous driving. Traditional methods solve this problem based on filtering or optimization. While being fully interpretable, they rely on manual interference and empirical parameter tuning. On the other hand, learning-based approaches allow for end-to-end training but require a large number of training data to learn millions of parameters. However, the non-interpretable and heavy models hinder the generalization ability. In this paper, we propose a fully differentiable, interpretable, and lightweight monocular VIO model that contains only 4 trainable parameters. Specifically, we first adopt Unscented Kalman Filter as a differentiable layer to predict the pitch and roll, where the covariance matrices of noise are learned to filter out the noise of the IMU raw data. Second, the refined pitch and roll are adopted to retrieve a gravity-aligned BEV image of each frame using differentiable camera projection. Finally, a differentiable pose estimator is utilized to estimate the remaining 4 DoF poses between the BEV frames. Our method allows for learning the covariance matrices end-to-end supervised by the pose estimation loss, demonstrating superior performance to empirical baselines. Experimental results on synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate that our simple approach is competitive with state-of-the-art methods and generalizes well on unseen scenes.      
### 99.BiTr-Unet: a CNN-Transformer Combined Network for MRI Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12271.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have recently achieved remarkable success in automatically identifying organs or lesions on 3D medical images. Meanwhile, vision transformer networks have exhibited exceptional performance in 2D image classification tasks. Compared with CNNs, transformer networks have an obvious advantage of extracting long-range features due to their self-attention algorithm. Therefore, in this paper we present a CNN-Transformer combined model called BiTr-Unet for brain tumor segmentation on multi-modal MRI scans. The proposed BiTr-Unet achieves good performance on the BraTS 2021 validation dataset with mean Dice score 0.9076, 0.8392 and 0.8231, and mean Hausdorff distance 4.5322, 13.4592 and 14.9963 for the whole tumor, tumor core, and enhancing tumor, respectively.      
### 100.An animated picture says at least a thousand words: Selecting Gif-based Replies in Multimodal Dialog  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12212.pdf)
>  Online conversations include more than just text. Increasingly, image-based responses such as memes and animated gifs serve as culturally recognized and often humorous responses in conversation. However, while NLP has broadened to multimodal models, conversational dialog systems have largely focused only on generating text replies. Here, we introduce a new dataset of 1.56M text-gif conversation turns and introduce a new multimodal conversational model Pepe the King Prawn for selecting gif-based replies. We demonstrate that our model produces relevant and high-quality gif responses and, in a large randomized control trial of multiple models replying to real users, we show that our model replies with gifs that are significantly better received by the community.      
### 101.NanoBatch DPSGD: Exploring Differentially Private learning on ImageNet with low batch sizes on the IPU  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12191.pdf)
>  Differentially private SGD (DPSGD) has recently shown promise in deep learning. However, compared to non-private SGD, the DPSGD algorithm places computational overheads that can undo the benefit of batching in GPUs. Microbatching is a standard method to alleviate this and is fully supported in the TensorFlow Privacy library (TFDP). However, this technique, while improving training times also reduces the quality of the gradients and degrades the classification accuracy. Recent works that for example use the JAX framework show promise in also alleviating this but still show degradation in throughput from non-private to private SGD on CNNs, and have not yet shown ImageNet implementations. In our work, we argue that low batch sizes using group normalization on ResNet-50 can yield high accuracy and privacy on Graphcore IPUs. This enables DPSGD training of ResNet-50 on ImageNet in just 6 hours (100 epochs) on an IPU-POD16 system.      
### 102.Unsupervised Cross-Modality Domain Adaptation for Segmenting Vestibular Schwannoma and Cochlea with Data Augmentation and Model Ensemble  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12169.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance images (MRIs) are widely used to quantify vestibular schwannoma and the cochlea. Recently, deep learning methods have shown state-of-the-art performance for segmenting these structures. However, training segmentation models may require manual labels in target domain, which is expensive and time-consuming. To overcome this problem, domain adaptation is an effective way to leverage information from source domain to obtain accurate segmentations without requiring manual labels in target domain. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised learning framework to segment the VS and cochlea. Our framework leverages information from contrast-enhanced T1-weighted (ceT1-w) MRIs and its labels, and produces segmentations for T2-weighted MRIs without any labels in the target domain. We first applied a generator to achieve image-to-image translation. Next, we ensemble outputs from an ensemble of different models to obtain final segmentations. To cope with MRIs from different sites/scanners, we applied various 'online' augmentations during training to better capture the geometric variability and the variability in image appearance and quality. Our method is easy to build and produces promising segmentations, with a mean Dice score of 0.7930 and 0.7432 for VS and cochlea respectively in the validation set.      
### 103.Deep Neural Networks for Blind Image Quality Assessment: Addressing the Data Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12161.pdf)
>  The enormous space and diversity of natural images is usually represented by a few small-scale human-rated image quality assessment (IQA) datasets. This casts great challenges to deep neural network (DNN) based blind IQA (BIQA), which requires large-scale training data that is representative of the natural image distribution. It is extremely difficult to create human-rated IQA datasets composed of millions of images due to constraints of subjective testing. While a number of efforts have focused on design innovations to enhance the performance of DNN based BIQA, attempts to address the scarcity of labeled IQA data remain surprisingly missing. To address this data challenge, we construct so far the largest IQA database, namely Waterloo Exploration-II, which contains 3,570 pristine reference and around 3.45 million singly and multiply distorted images. Since subjective testing for such a large dataset is nearly impossible, we develop a novel mechanism that synthetically assigns perceptual quality labels to the distorted images. We construct a DNN-based BIQA model called EONSS, train it on Waterloo Exploration-II, and test it on nine subject-rated IQA datasets, without any retraining or fine-tuning. The results show that with a straightforward DNN architecture, EONSS is able to outperform the very state-of-the-art in BIQA, both in terms of quality prediction performance and execution speed. This study strongly supports the view that the quantity and quality of meaningfully annotated training data, rather than a sophisticated network architecture or training strategy, is the dominating factor that determines the performance of DNN-based BIQA models. (Note: Since this is an ongoing project, the final versions of Waterloo Exploration-II database, quality annotations, and EONSS, will be made publicly available in the future when it culminates.)      
### 104.Use of the Deep Learning Approach to Measure Alveolar Bone Level  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12115.pdf)
>  Abstract: <br>Aim: The goal was to use a Deep Convolutional Neural Network to measure the radiographic alveolar bone level to aid periodontal diagnosis. <br>Material and methods: A Deep Learning (DL) model was developed by integrating three segmentation networks (bone area, tooth, cementoenamel junction) and image analysis to measure the radiographic bone level and assign radiographic bone loss (RBL) stages. The percentage of RBL was calculated to determine the stage of RBL for each tooth. A provisional periodontal diagnosis was assigned using the 2018 periodontitis classification. RBL percentage, staging, and presumptive diagnosis were compared to the measurements and diagnoses made by the independent examiners. <br>Results: The average Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) for segmentation was over 0.91. There was no significant difference in RBL percentage measurements determined by DL and examiners (p=0.65). The Area Under the Receiver Operating Characteristics Curve of RBL stage assignment for stage I, II and III was 0.89, 0.90 and 0.90, respectively. The accuracy of the case diagnosis was 0.85. <br>Conclusion: The proposed DL model provides reliable RBL measurements and image-based periodontal diagnosis using periapical radiographic images. However, this model has to be further optimized and validated by a larger number of images to facilitate its application.      
### 105.Identifying Women with Mammographically-Occult Breast Cancer Leveraging GAN-Simulated Mammograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12113.pdf)
>  Our objective is to show the feasibility of using simulated mammograms to detect mammographically-occult (MO) cancer in women with dense breasts and a normal screening mammogram who could be triaged for additional screening with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) or ultrasound. We developed a Conditional Generative Adversarial Network (CGAN) to simulate a mammogram with normal appearance using the opposite mammogram as the condition. We used a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) trained on Radon Cumulative Distribution Transform (RCDT) processed mammograms to detect MO cancer. For training CGAN, we used screening mammograms of 1366 women. For MO cancer detection, we used screening mammograms of 333 women (97 MO cancer) with dense breasts. We simulated the right mammogram for normal controls and the cancer side for MO cancer cases. We created two RCDT images, one from a real mammogram pair and another from a real-simulated mammogram pair. We finetuned a VGG16 on resulting RCDT images to classify the women with MO cancer. We compared the classification performance of the CNN trained on fused RCDT images, CNN_{Fused} to that of trained only on real RCDT images, CNN_{Real}, and to that of trained only on simulated RCDT images, CNN_{Simulated}. The test AUC for CNN_{Fused} was 0.77 with a 95% confidence interval (95CI) of [0.71, 0.83], which was statistically better (p-value &lt; 0.02) than the CNN_{Real} AUC of 0.70 with a 95CI of [0.64, 0.77] and CNN_{Simulated} AUC of 0.68 with a 95CI of [0.62, 0.75]. It showed that CGAN simulated mammograms can help MO cancer detection.      
### 106.Robotic Vision for Space Mining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12109.pdf)
>  Future Moon bases will likely be constructed using resources mined from the surface of the Moon. The difficulty of maintaining a human workforce on the Moon and communications lag with Earth means that mining will need to be conducted using collaborative robots with a high degree of autonomy. In this paper, we explore the utility of robotic vision towards addressing several major challenges in autonomous mining in the lunar environment: lack of satellite positioning systems, navigation in hazardous terrain, and delicate robot interactions. Specifically, we describe and report the results of robotic vision algorithms that we developed for Phase 2 of the NASA Space Robotics Challenge, which was framed in the context of autonomous collaborative robots for mining on the Moon. The competition provided a simulated lunar environment that exhibits the complexities alluded to above. We show how machine learning-enabled vision could help alleviate the challenges posed by the lunar environment. A robust multi-robot coordinator was also developed to achieve long-term operation and effective collaboration between robots.      
