# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 9 Sep 2021
### 1.Panoptic SegFormer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03814.pdf)
>  We present Panoptic SegFormer, a general framework for end-to-end panoptic segmentation with Transformers. The proposed method extends Deformable DETR with a unified mask prediction workflow for both things and stuff, making the panoptic segmentation pipeline concise and effective. With a ResNet-50 backbone, our method achieves 50.0\% PQ on the COCO test-dev split, surpassing previous state-of-the-art methods by significant margins without bells and whistles. Using a more powerful PVTv2-B5 backbone, Panoptic-SegFormer achieves a new record of 54.1\%PQ and 54.4\% PQ on the COCO val and test-dev splits with single scale input.      
### 2.Scaled ReLU Matters for Training Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03810.pdf)
>  Vision transformers (ViTs) have been an alternative design paradigm to convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, the training of ViTs is much harder than CNNs, as it is sensitive to the training parameters, such as learning rate, optimizer and warmup epoch. The reasons for training difficulty are empirically analysed in ~\cite{xiao2021early}, and the authors conjecture that the issue lies with the \textit{patchify-stem} of ViT models and propose that early convolutions help transformers see better. In this paper, we further investigate this problem and extend the above conclusion: only early convolutions do not help for stable training, but the scaled ReLU operation in the \textit{convolutional stem} (\textit{conv-stem}) matters. We verify, both theoretically and empirically, that scaled ReLU in \textit{conv-stem} not only improves training stabilization, but also increases the diversity of patch tokens, thus boosting peak performance with a large margin via adding few parameters and flops. In addition, extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate that previous ViTs are far from being well trained, further showing that ViTs have great potential to be a better substitute of CNNs.      
### 3.Panoptic nuScenes: A Large-Scale Benchmark for LiDAR Panoptic Segmentation and Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03805.pdf)
>  Panoptic scene understanding and tracking of dynamic agents are essential for robots and automated vehicles to navigate in urban environments. As LiDARs provide accurate illumination-independent geometric depictions of the scene, performing these tasks using LiDAR point clouds provides reliable predictions. However, existing datasets lack diversity in the type of urban scenes and have a limited number of dynamic object instances which hinders both learning of these tasks as well as credible benchmarking of the developed methods. In this paper, we introduce the large-scale Panoptic nuScenes benchmark dataset that extends our popular nuScenes dataset with point-wise groundtruth annotations for semantic segmentation, panoptic segmentation, and panoptic tracking tasks. To facilitate comparison, we provide several strong baselines for each of these tasks on our proposed dataset. Moreover, we analyze the drawbacks of the existing metrics for the panoptic tracking problem and propose a novel instance-centric metric that addresses the concerns. We present extensive experiments that demonstrate the utility of Panoptic nuScenes compared to existing datasets and make the online evaluation server available at \url{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://nuScenes.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}. We believe that this extension will accelerate the research of novel methods for scene understanding of dynamic urban environments.      
### 4.Digitize-PID: Automatic Digitization of Piping and Instrumentation Diagrams  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03794.pdf)
>  Digitization of scanned Piping and Instrumentation diagrams(P&amp;ID), widely used in manufacturing or mechanical industries such as oil and gas over several decades, has become a critical bottleneck in dynamic inventory management and creation of smart P&amp;IDs that are compatible with the latest CAD tools. Historically, P&amp;ID sheets have been manually generated at the design stage, before being scanned and stored as PDFs. Current digitization initiatives involve manual processing and are consequently very time consuming, labour intensive and error-prone.Thanks to advances in image processing, machine and deep learning techniques there are emerging works on P&amp;ID digitization. However, existing solutions face several challenges owing to the variation in the scale, size and noise in the P&amp;IDs, sheer complexity and crowdedness within drawings, domain knowledge required to interpret the drawings. This motivates our current solution called Digitize-PID which comprises of an end-to-end pipeline for detection of core components from P&amp;IDs like pipes, symbols and textual information, followed by their association with each other and eventually, the validation and correction of output data based on inherent domain knowledge. A novel and efficient kernel-based line detection and a two-step method for detection of complex symbols based on a fine-grained deep recognition technique is presented in the paper. In addition, we have created an annotated synthetic dataset, Dataset-P&amp;ID, of 500 P&amp;IDs by incorporating different types of noise and complex symbols which is made available for public use (currently there exists no public P&amp;ID dataset). We evaluate our proposed method on this synthetic dataset and a real-world anonymized private dataset of 12 P&amp;ID sheets. Results show that Digitize-PID outperforms the existing state-of-the-art for P&amp;ID digitization.      
### 5.FIDNet: LiDAR Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation with Fully Interpolation Decoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03787.pdf)
>  Projecting the point cloud on the 2D spherical range image transforms the LiDAR semantic segmentation to a 2D segmentation task on the range image. However, the LiDAR range image is still naturally different from the regular 2D RGB image; for example, each position on the range image encodes the unique geometry information. In this paper, we propose a new projection-based LiDAR semantic segmentation pipeline that consists of a novel network structure and an efficient post-processing step. In our network structure, we design a FID (fully interpolation decoding) module that directly upsamples the multi-resolution feature maps using bilinear interpolation. Inspired by the 3D distance interpolation used in PointNet++, we argue this FID module is a 2D version distance interpolation on $(\theta, \phi)$ space. As a parameter-free decoding module, the FID largely reduces the model complexity by maintaining good performance. Besides the network structure, we empirically find that our model predictions have clear boundaries between different semantic classes. This makes us rethink whether the widely used K-nearest-neighbor post-processing is still necessary for our pipeline. Then, we realize the many-to-one mapping causes the blurring effect that some points are mapped into the same pixel and share the same label. Therefore, we propose to process those occluded points by assigning the nearest predicted label to them. This NLA (nearest label assignment) post-processing step shows a better performance than KNN with faster inference speed in the ablation study. On the SemanticKITTI dataset, our pipeline achieves the best performance among all projection-based methods with $64 \times 2048$ resolution and all point-wise solutions. With a ResNet-34 as the backbone, both the training and testing of our model can be finished on a single RTX 2080 Ti with 11G memory. The code is released.      
### 6.Egocentric View Hand Action Recognition by Leveraging Hand Surface and Hand Grasp Type  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03783.pdf)
>  We introduce a multi-stage framework that uses mean curvature on a hand surface and focuses on learning interaction between hand and object by analyzing hand grasp type for hand action recognition in egocentric videos. The proposed method does not require 3D information of objects including 6D object poses which are difficult to annotate for learning an object's behavior while it interacts with hands. Instead, the framework synthesizes the mean curvature of the hand mesh model to encode the hand surface geometry in 3D space. Additionally, our method learns the hand grasp type which is highly correlated with the hand action. From our experiment, we notice that using hand grasp type and mean curvature of hand increases the performance of the hand action recognition.      
### 7.Unsupervised clothing change adaptive person ReID  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03702.pdf)
>  Clothing changes and lack of data labels are both crucial challenges in person ReID. For the former challenge, people may occur multiple times at different locations wearing different clothing. However, most of the current person ReID research works focus on the benchmarks in which a person's clothing is kept the same all the time. For the last challenge, some researchers try to make model learn information from a labeled dataset as a source to an unlabeled dataset. Whereas purely unsupervised training is less used. In this paper, we aim to solve both problems at the same time. We design a novel unsupervised model, Sync-Person-Cloud ReID, to solve the unsupervised clothing change person ReID problem. We developer a purely unsupervised clothing change person ReID pipeline with person sync augmentation operation and same person feature restriction. The person sync augmentation is to supply additional same person resources. These same person's resources can be used as part supervised input by same person feature restriction. The extensive experiments on clothing change ReID datasets show the out-performance of our methods.      
### 8.On Recognizing Occluded Faces in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03672.pdf)
>  Facial appearance variations due to occlusion has been one of the main challenges for face recognition systems. To facilitate further research in this area, it is necessary and important to have occluded face datasets collected from real-world, as synthetically generated occluded faces cannot represent the nature of the problem. In this paper, we present the Real World Occluded Faces (ROF) dataset, that contains faces with both upper face occlusion, due to sunglasses, and lower face occlusion, due to masks. We propose two evaluation protocols for this dataset. Benchmark experiments on the dataset have shown that no matter how powerful the deep face representation models are, their performance degrades significantly when they are tested on real-world occluded faces. It is observed that the performance drop is far less when the models are tested on synthetically generated occluded faces. The ROF dataset and the associated evaluation protocols are publicly available at the following link <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ekremerakin/RealWorldOccludedFaces" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.Learning Local-Global Contextual Adaptation for Fully End-to-End Bottom-Up Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03622.pdf)
>  This paper presents a method of learning Local-GlObal Contextual Adaptation for fully end-to-end and fast bottom-up human Pose estimation, dubbed as LOGO-CAP. It is built on the conceptually simple center-offset formulation that lacks inaccuracy for pose estimation. When revisiting the bottom-up human pose estimation with the thought of "thinking, fast and slow" by D. Kahneman, we introduce a "slow keypointer" to remedy the lack of sufficient accuracy of the "fast keypointer". In learning the "slow keypointer", the proposed LOGO-CAP lifts the initial "fast" keypoints by offset predictions to keypoint expansion maps (KEMs) to counter their uncertainty in two modules. Firstly, the local KEMs (e.g., 11x11) are extracted from a low-dimensional feature map. A proposed convolutional message passing module learns to "re-focus" the local KEMs to the keypoint attraction maps (KAMs) by accounting for the structured output prediction nature of human pose estimation, which is directly supervised by the object keypoint similarity (OKS) loss in training. Secondly, the global KEMs are extracted, with a sufficiently large region-of-interest (e.g., 97x97), from the keypoint heatmaps that are computed by a direct map-to-map regression. Then, a local-global contextual adaptation module is proposed to convolve the global KEMs using the learned KAMs as the kernels. This convolution can be understood as the learnable offsets guided deformable and dynamic convolution in a pose-sensitive way. The proposed method is end-to-end trainable with near real-time inference speed, obtaining state-of-the-art performance on the COCO keypoint benchmark for bottom-up human pose estimation. With the COCO trained model, our LOGO-CAP also outperforms prior arts by a large margin on the challenging OCHuman dataset.      
### 10.Identification of Social-Media Platform of Videos through the Use of Shared Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03598.pdf)
>  Videos have become a powerful tool for spreading illegal content such as military propaganda, revenge porn, or bullying through social networks. To counter these illegal activities, it has become essential to try new methods to verify the origin of videos from these platforms. However, collecting datasets large enough to train neural networks for this task has become difficult because of the privacy regulations that have been enacted in recent years. To mitigate this limitation, in this work we propose two different solutions based on transfer learning and multitask learning to determine whether a video has been uploaded from or downloaded to a specific social platform through the use of shared features with images trained on the same task. By transferring features from the shallowest to the deepest levels of the network from the image task to videos, we measure the amount of information shared between these two tasks. Then, we introduce a model based on multitask learning, which learns from both tasks simultaneously. The promising experimental results show, in particular, the effectiveness of the multitask approach. According to our knowledge, this is the first work that addresses the problem of social media platform identification of videos through the use of shared features.      
### 11.Matching in the Dark: A Dataset for Matching Image Pairs of Low-light Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03585.pdf)
>  This paper considers matching images of low-light scenes, aiming to widen the frontier of SfM and visual SLAM applications. Recent image sensors can record the brightness of scenes with more than eight-bit precision, available in their RAW-format image. We are interested in making full use of such high-precision information to match extremely low-light scene images that conventional methods cannot handle. For extreme low-light scenes, even if some of their brightness information exists in the RAW format images' low bits, the standard raw image processing on cameras fails to utilize them properly. As was recently shown by Chen et al., CNNs can learn to produce images with a natural appearance from such RAW-format images. To consider if and how well we can utilize such information stored in RAW-format images for image matching, we have created a new dataset named MID (matching in the dark). Using it, we experimentally evaluated combinations of eight image-enhancing methods and eleven image matching methods consisting of classical/neural local descriptors and classical/neural initial point-matching methods. The results show the advantage of using the RAW-format images and the strengths and weaknesses of the above component methods. They also imply there is room for further research.      
### 12.Deriving Explanation of Deep Visual Saliency Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03575.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have shown their profound impact on achieving human level performance in visual saliency prediction. However, it is still unclear how they learn the task and what it means in terms of understanding human visual system. In this work, we develop a technique to derive explainable saliency models from their corresponding deep neural architecture based saliency models by applying human perception theories and the conventional concepts of saliency. This technique helps us understand the learning pattern of the deep network at its intermediate layers through their activation maps. Initially, we consider two state-of-the-art deep saliency models, namely UNISAL and MSI-Net for our interpretation. We use a set of biologically plausible log-gabor filters for identifying and reconstructing the activation maps of them using our explainable saliency model. The final saliency map is generated using these reconstructed activation maps. We also build our own deep saliency model named cross-concatenated multi-scale residual block based network (CMRNet) for saliency prediction. Then, we evaluate and compare the performance of the explainable models derived from UNISAL, MSI-Net and CMRNet on three benchmark datasets with other state-of-the-art methods. Hence, we propose that this approach of explainability can be applied to any deep visual saliency model for interpretation which makes it a generic one.      
### 13.LiDARTouch: Monocular metric depth estimation with a few-beam LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03569.pdf)
>  Vision-based depth estimation is a key feature in autonomous systems, which often relies on a single camera or several independent ones. In such a monocular setup, dense depth is obtained with either additional input from one or several expensive LiDARs, e.g., with 64 beams, or camera-only methods, which suffer from scale-ambiguity and infinite-depth problems. In this paper, we propose a new alternative of densely estimating metric depth by combining a monocular camera with a light-weight LiDAR, e.g., with 4 beams, typical of today's automotive-grade mass-produced laser scanners. Inspired by recent self-supervised methods, we introduce a novel framework, called LiDARTouch, to estimate dense depth maps from monocular images with the help of ``touches'' of LiDAR, i.e., without the need for dense ground-truth depth. In our setup, the minimal LiDAR input contributes on three different levels: as an additional model's input, in a self-supervised LiDAR reconstruction objective function, and to estimate changes of pose (a key component of self-supervised depth estimation architectures). Our LiDARTouch framework achieves new state of the art in self-supervised depth estimation on the KITTI dataset, thus supporting our choices of integrating the very sparse LiDAR signal with other visual features. Moreover, we show that the use of a few-beam LiDAR alleviates scale ambiguity and infinite-depth issues that camera-only methods suffer from. We also demonstrate that methods from the fully-supervised depth-completion literature can be adapted to a self-supervised regime with a minimal LiDAR signal.      
### 14.Elastic Significant Bit Quantization and Acceleration for Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03513.pdf)
>  Quantization has been proven to be a vital method for improving the inference efficiency of deep neural networks (DNNs). However, it is still challenging to strike a good balance between accuracy and efficiency while quantizing DNN weights or activation values from high-precision formats to their quantized counterparts. We propose a new method called elastic significant bit quantization (ESB) that controls the number of significant bits of quantized values to obtain better inference accuracy with fewer resources. We design a unified mathematical formula to constrain the quantized values of the ESB with a flexible number of significant bits. We also introduce a distribution difference aligner (DDA) to quantitatively align the distributions between the full-precision weight or activation values and quantized values. Consequently, ESB is suitable for various bell-shaped distributions of weights and activation of DNNs, thus maintaining a high inference accuracy. Benefitting from fewer significant bits of quantized values, ESB can reduce the multiplication complexity. We implement ESB as an accelerator and quantitatively evaluate its efficiency on FPGAs. Extensive experimental results illustrate that ESB quantization consistently outperforms state-of-the-art methods and achieves average accuracy improvements of 4.78%, 1.92%, and 3.56% over AlexNet, ResNet18, and MobileNetV2, respectively. Furthermore, ESB as an accelerator can achieve 10.95 GOPS peak performance of 1k LUTs without DSPs on the Xilinx ZCU102 FPGA platform. Compared with CPU, GPU, and state-of-the-art accelerators on FPGAs, the ESB accelerator can improve the energy efficiency by up to 65x, 11x, and 26x, respectively.      
### 15.Temporal RoI Align for Video Object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03495.pdf)
>  Video object detection is challenging in the presence of appearance deterioration in certain video frames. Therefore, it is a natural choice to aggregate temporal information from other frames of the same video into the current frame. However, RoI Align, as one of the most core procedures of video detectors, still remains extracting features from a single-frame feature map for proposals, making the extracted RoI features lack temporal information from videos. In this work, considering the features of the same object instance are highly similar among frames in a video, a novel Temporal RoI Align operator is proposed to extract features from other frames feature maps for current frame proposals by utilizing feature similarity. The proposed Temporal RoI Align operator can extract temporal information from the entire video for proposals. We integrate it into single-frame video detectors and other state-of-the-art video detectors, and conduct quantitative experiments to demonstrate that the proposed Temporal RoI Align operator can consistently and significantly boost the performance. Besides, the proposed Temporal RoI Align can also be applied into video instance segmentation.      
### 16.FaceCook: Face Generation Based on Linear Scaling Factors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03492.pdf)
>  With the excellent disentanglement properties of state-of-the-art generative models, image editing has been the dominant approach to control the attributes of synthesised face images. However, these edited results often suffer from artifacts or incorrect feature rendering, especially when there is a large discrepancy between the image to be edited and the desired feature set. Therefore, we propose a new approach to mapping the latent vectors of the generative model to the scaling factors through solving a set of multivariate linear equations. The coefficients of the equations are the eigenvectors of the weight parameters of the pre-trained model, which form the basis of a hyper coordinate system. The qualitative and quantitative results both show that the proposed method outperforms the baseline in terms of image diversity. In addition, the method is much more time-efficient because you can obtain synthesised images with desirable features directly from the latent vectors, rather than the former process of editing randomly generated images requiring many processing steps.      
### 17.Shuffled Patch-Wise Supervision for Presentation Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03484.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing is essential to prevent false facial verification by using a photo, video, mask, or a different substitute for an authorized person's face. Most of the state-of-the-art presentation attack detection (PAD) systems suffer from overfitting, where they achieve near-perfect scores on a single dataset but fail on a different dataset with more realistic data. This problem drives researchers to develop models that perform well under real-world conditions. This is an especially challenging problem for frame-based presentation attack detection systems that use convolutional neural networks (CNN). To this end, we propose a new PAD approach, which combines pixel-wise binary supervision with patch-based CNN. We believe that training a CNN with face patches allows the model to distinguish spoofs without learning background or dataset-specific traces. We tested the proposed method both on the standard benchmark datasets -- Replay-Mobile, OULU-NPU -- and on a real-world dataset. The proposed approach shows its superiority on challenging experimental setups. Namely, it achieves higher performance on OULU-NPU protocol 3, 4 and on inter-dataset real-world experiments.      
### 18.Pose-guided Inter- and Intra-part Relational Transformer for Occluded Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03483.pdf)
>  Person Re-Identification (Re-Id) in occlusion scenarios is a challenging problem because a pedestrian can be partially occluded. The use of local information for feature extraction and matching is still necessary. Therefore, we propose a Pose-guided inter-and intra-part relational transformer (Pirt) for occluded person Re-Id, which builds part-aware long-term correlations by introducing transformers. In our framework, we firstly develop a pose-guided feature extraction module with regional grouping and mask construction for robust feature representations. The positions of a pedestrian in the image under surveillance scenarios are relatively fixed, hence we propose an intra-part and inter-part relational transformer. The intra-part module creates local relations with mask-guided features, while the inter-part relationship builds correlations with transformers, to develop cross relationships between part nodes. With the collaborative learning inter- and intra-part relationships, experiments reveal that our proposed Pirt model achieves a new state of the art on the public occluded dataset, and further extensions on standard non-occluded person Re-Id datasets also reveal our comparable performances.      
### 19.Level Set Binocular Stereo with Occlusions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03464.pdf)
>  Localizing stereo boundaries and predicting nearby disparities are difficult because stereo boundaries induce occluded regions where matching cues are absent. Most modern computer vision algorithms treat occlusions secondarily (e.g., via left-right consistency checks after matching) or rely on high-level cues to improve nearby disparities (e.g., via deep networks and large training sets). They ignore the geometry of stereo occlusions, which dictates that the spatial extent of occlusion must equal the amplitude of the disparity jump that causes it. This paper introduces an energy and level-set optimizer that improves boundaries by encoding occlusion geometry. Our model applies to two-layer, figure-ground scenes, and it can be implemented cooperatively using messages that pass predominantly between parents and children in an undecimated hierarchy of multi-scale image patches. In a small collection of figure-ground scenes curated from Middlebury and Falling Things stereo datasets, our model provides more accurate boundaries than previous occlusion-handling stereo techniques. This suggests new directions for creating cooperative stereo systems that incorporate occlusion cues in a human-like manner.      
### 20.Which and Where to Focus: A Simple yet Accurate Framework for Arbitrary-Shaped Nearby Text Detection in Scene Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03451.pdf)
>  Scene text detection has drawn the close attention of researchers. Though many methods have been proposed for horizontal and oriented texts, previous methods may not perform well when dealing with arbitrary-shaped texts such as curved texts. In particular, confusion problem arises in the case of nearby text instances. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective method for accurate arbitrary-shaped nearby scene text detection. Firstly, a One-to-Many Training Scheme (OMTS) is designed to eliminate confusion and enable the proposals to learn more appropriate groundtruths in the case of nearby text instances. Secondly, we propose a Proposal Feature Attention Module (PFAM) to exploit more effective features for each proposal, which can better adapt to arbitrary-shaped text instances. Finally, we propose a baseline that is based on Faster R-CNN and outputs the curve representation directly. Equipped with PFAM and OMTS, the detector can achieve state-of-the-art or competitive performance on several challenging benchmarks.      
### 21.Unfolding Taylor's Approximations for Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03442.pdf)
>  Deep learning provides a new avenue for image restoration, which demands a delicate balance between fine-grained details and high-level contextualized information during recovering the latent clear image. In practice, however, existing methods empirically construct encapsulated end-to-end mapping networks without deepening into the rationality, and neglect the intrinsic prior knowledge of restoration task. To solve the above problems, inspired by Taylor's Approximations, we unfold Taylor's Formula to construct a novel framework for image restoration. We find the main part and the derivative part of Taylor's Approximations take the same effect as the two competing goals of high-level contextualized information and spatial details of image restoration respectively. Specifically, our framework consists of two steps, correspondingly responsible for the mapping and derivative functions. The former first learns the high-level contextualized information and the later combines it with the degraded input to progressively recover local high-order spatial details. Our proposed framework is orthogonal to existing methods and thus can be easily integrated with them for further improvement, and extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and scalability of our proposed framework.      
### 22.Mask is All You Need: Rethinking Mask R-CNN for Dense and Arbitrary-Shaped Scene Text Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03426.pdf)
>  Due to the large success in object detection and instance segmentation, Mask R-CNN attracts great attention and is widely adopted as a strong baseline for arbitrary-shaped scene text detection and spotting. However, two issues remain to be settled. The first is dense text case, which is easy to be neglected but quite practical. There may exist multiple instances in one proposal, which makes it difficult for the mask head to distinguish different instances and degrades the performance. In this work, we argue that the performance degradation results from the learning confusion issue in the mask head. We propose to use an MLP decoder instead of the "deconv-conv" decoder in the mask head, which alleviates the issue and promotes robustness significantly. And we propose instance-aware mask learning in which the mask head learns to predict the shape of the whole instance rather than classify each pixel to text or non-text. With instance-aware mask learning, the mask branch can learn separated and compact masks. The second is that due to large variations in scale and aspect ratio, RPN needs complicated anchor settings, making it hard to maintain and transfer across different datasets. To settle this issue, we propose an adaptive label assignment in which all instances especially those with extreme aspect ratios are guaranteed to be associated with enough anchors. Equipped with these components, the proposed method named MAYOR achieves state-of-the-art performance on five benchmarks including DAST1500, MSRA-TD500, ICDAR2015, CTW1500, and Total-Text.      
### 23.RGB-D Salient Object Detection with Ubiquitous Target Awareness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03425.pdf)
>  Conventional RGB-D salient object detection methods aim to leverage depth as complementary information to find the salient regions in both modalities. However, the salient object detection results heavily rely on the quality of captured depth data which sometimes are unavailable. In this work, we make the first attempt to solve the RGB-D salient object detection problem with a novel depth-awareness framework. This framework only relies on RGB data in the testing phase, utilizing captured depth data as supervision for representation learning. To construct our framework as well as achieving accurate salient detection results, we propose a Ubiquitous Target Awareness (UTA) network to solve three important challenges in RGB-D SOD task: 1) a depth awareness module to excavate depth information and to mine ambiguous regions via adaptive depth-error weights, 2) a spatial-aware cross-modal interaction and a channel-aware cross-level interaction, exploiting the low-level boundary cues and amplifying high-level salient channels, and 3) a gated multi-scale predictor module to perceive the object saliency in different contextual scales. Besides its high performance, our proposed UTA network is depth-free for inference and runs in real-time with 43 FPS. Experimental evidence demonstrates that our proposed network not only surpasses the state-of-the-art methods on five public RGB-D SOD benchmarks by a large margin, but also verifies its extensibility on five public RGB SOD benchmarks.      
### 24.YouRefIt: Embodied Reference Understanding with Language and Gesture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03413.pdf)
>  We study the understanding of embodied reference: One agent uses both language and gesture to refer to an object to another agent in a shared physical environment. Of note, this new visual task requires understanding multimodal cues with perspective-taking to identify which object is being referred to. To tackle this problem, we introduce YouRefIt, a new crowd-sourced dataset of embodied reference collected in various physical scenes; the dataset contains 4,195 unique reference clips in 432 indoor scenes. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first embodied reference dataset that allows us to study referring expressions in daily physical scenes to understand referential behavior, human communication, and human-robot interaction. We further devise two benchmarks for image-based and video-based embodied reference understanding. Comprehensive baselines and extensive experiments provide the very first result of machine perception on how the referring expressions and gestures affect the embodied reference understanding. Our results provide essential evidence that gestural cues are as critical as language cues in understanding the embodied reference.      
### 25.GTT-Net: Learned Generalized Trajectory Triangulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03408.pdf)
>  We present GTT-Net, a supervised learning framework for the reconstruction of sparse dynamic 3D geometry. We build on a graph-theoretic formulation of the generalized trajectory triangulation problem, where non-concurrent multi-view imaging geometry is known but global image sequencing is not provided. GTT-Net learns pairwise affinities modeling the spatio-temporal relationships among our input observations and leverages them to determine 3D geometry estimates. Experiments reconstructing 3D motion-capture sequences show GTT-Net outperforms the state of the art in terms of accuracy and robustness. Within the context of articulated motion reconstruction, our proposed architecture is 1) able to learn and enforce semantic 3D motion priors for shared training and test domains, while being 2) able to generalize its performance across different training and test domains. Moreover, GTT-Net provides a computationally streamlined framework for trajectory triangulation with applications to multi-instance reconstruction and event segmentation.      
### 26.Master Face Attacks on Face Recognition Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03398.pdf)
>  Face authentication is now widely used, especially on mobile devices, rather than authentication using a personal identification number or an unlock pattern, due to its convenience. It has thus become a tempting target for attackers using a presentation attack. Traditional presentation attacks use facial images or videos of the victim. Previous work has proven the existence of master faces, i.e., faces that match multiple enrolled templates in face recognition systems, and their existence extends the ability of presentation attacks. In this paper, we perform an extensive study on latent variable evolution (LVE), a method commonly used to generate master faces. We run an LVE algorithm for various scenarios and with more than one database and/or face recognition system to study the properties of the master faces and to understand in which conditions strong master faces could be generated. Moreover, through analysis, we hypothesize that master faces come from some dense areas in the embedding spaces of the face recognition systems. Last but not least, simulated presentation attacks using generated master faces generally preserve the false-matching ability of their original digital forms, thus demonstrating that the existence of master faces poses an actual threat.      
### 27.Learning to Discriminate Information for Online Action Detection: Analysis and Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03393.pdf)
>  Online action detection, which aims to identify an ongoing action from a streaming video, is an important subject in real-world applications. For this task, previous methods use recurrent neural networks for modeling temporal relations in an input sequence. However, these methods overlook the fact that the input image sequence includes not only the action of interest but background and irrelevant actions. This would induce recurrent units to accumulate unnecessary information for encoding features on the action of interest. To overcome this problem, we propose a novel recurrent unit, named Information Discrimination Unit (IDU), which explicitly discriminates the information relevancy between an ongoing action and others to decide whether to accumulate the input information. This enables learning more discriminative representations for identifying an ongoing action. In this paper, we further present a new recurrent unit, called Information Integration Unit (IIU), for action anticipation. Our IIU exploits the outputs from IDU as pseudo action labels as well as RGB frames to learn enriched features of observed actions effectively. In experiments on TVSeries and THUMOS-14, the proposed methods outperform state-of-the-art methods by a significant margin in online action detection and action anticipation. Moreover, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed units by conducting comprehensive ablation studies.      
### 28.RoadAtlas: Intelligent Platform for Automated Road Defect Detection and Asset Management  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03385.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of intelligent detection algorithms based on deep learning, much progress has been made in automatic road defect recognition and road marking parsing. This can effectively address the issue of an expensive and time-consuming process for professional inspectors to review the street manually. Towards this goal, we present RoadAtlas, a novel end-to-end integrated system that can support 1) road defect detection, 2) road marking parsing, 3) a web-based dashboard for presenting and inputting data by users, and 4) a backend containing a well-structured database and developed APIs.      
### 29.Certifiable Outlier-Robust Geometric Perception: Exact Semidefinite Relaxations and Scalable Global Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03349.pdf)
>  We propose the first general and scalable framework to design certifiable algorithms for robust geometric perception in the presence of outliers. Our first contribution is to show that estimation using common robust costs, such as truncated least squares (TLS), maximum consensus, Geman-McClure, Tukey's biweight, among others, can be reformulated as polynomial optimization problems (POPs). By focusing on the TLS cost, our second contribution is to exploit sparsity in the POP and propose a sparse semidefinite programming (SDP) relaxation that is much smaller than the standard Lasserre's hierarchy while preserving exactness, i.e., the SDP recovers the optimizer of the nonconvex POP with an optimality certificate. Our third contribution is to solve the SDP relaxations at an unprecedented scale and accuracy by presenting STRIDE, a solver that blends global descent on the convex SDP with fast local search on the nonconvex POP. Our fourth contribution is an evaluation of the proposed framework on six geometric perception problems including single and multiple rotation averaging, point cloud and mesh registration, absolute pose estimation, and category-level object pose and shape estimation. Our experiments demonstrate that (i) our sparse SDP relaxation is exact with up to 60%-90% outliers across applications; (ii) while still being far from real-time, STRIDE is up to 100 times faster than existing SDP solvers on medium-scale problems, and is the only solver that can solve large-scale SDPs with hundreds of thousands of constraints to high accuracy; (iii) STRIDE provides a safeguard to existing fast heuristics for robust estimation (e.g., RANSAC or Graduated Non-Convexity), i.e., it certifies global optimality if the heuristic estimates are optimal, or detects and allows escaping local optima when the heuristic estimates are suboptimal.      
### 30.Multi-Branch Deep Radial Basis Function Networks for Facial Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03336.pdf)
>  Emotion recognition (ER) from facial images is one of the landmark tasks in affective computing with major developments in the last decade. Initial efforts on ER relied on handcrafted features that were used to characterize facial images and then feed to standard predictive models. Recent methodologies comprise end-to-end trainable deep learning methods that simultaneously learn both, features and predictive model. Perhaps the most successful models are based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs). While these models have excelled at this task, they still fail at capturing local patterns that could emerge in the learning process. We hypothesize these patterns could be captured by variants based on locally weighted learning. Specifically, in this paper we propose a CNN based architecture enhanced with multiple branches formed by radial basis function (RBF) units that aims at exploiting local information at the final stage of the learning process. Intuitively, these RBF units capture local patterns shared by similar instances using an intermediate representation, then the outputs of the RBFs are feed to a softmax layer that exploits this information to improve the predictive performance of the model. This feature could be particularly advantageous in ER as cultural / ethnicity differences may be identified by the local units. We evaluate the proposed method in several ER datasets and show the proposed methodology achieves state-of-the-art in some of them, even when we adopt a pre-trained VGG-Face model as backbone. We show it is the incorporation of local information what makes the proposed model competitive.      
### 31.Melatect: A Machine Learning Model Approach For Identifying Malignant Melanoma in Skin Growths  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03310.pdf)
>  Malignant melanoma is a common skin cancer that is mostly curable before metastasis, where melanoma growths spawn in organs away from the original site. Melanoma is the most dangerous type of skin cancer if left untreated due to the high chance of metastasis. This paper presents Melatect, a machine learning model that identifies potential malignant melanoma. A recursive computer image analysis algorithm was used to create a machine learning model which is capable of detecting likely melanoma. The comparison is performed using 20,000 raw images of benign and malignant lesions from the International Skin Imaging Collaboration (ISIC) archive that were augmented to 60,000 images. Tests of the algorithm using subsets of the ISIC images suggest it accurately classifies lesions as malignant or benign over 95% of the time with no apparent bias or overfitting. The Melatect iOS app was later created (unpublished), in which the machine learning model was embedded. With the app, users have the ability to take pictures of skin lesions (moles) using the app, which are then processed through the machine learning model, and users are notified whether their lesion could be abnormal or not. Melatect provides a convenient way to get free advice on lesions and track these lesions over time.      
### 32.Simple Video Generation using Neural ODEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03292.pdf)
>  Despite having been studied to a great extent, the task of conditional generation of sequences of frames, or videos, remains extremely challenging. It is a common belief that a key step towards solving this task resides in modelling accurately both spatial and temporal information in video signals. A promising direction to do so has been to learn latent variable models that predict the future in latent space and project back to pixels, as suggested in recent literature. Following this line of work and building on top of a family of models introduced in prior work, Neural ODE, we investigate an approach that models time-continuous dynamics over a continuous latent space with a differential equation with respect to time. The intuition behind this approach is that these trajectories in latent space could then be extrapolated to generate video frames beyond the time steps for which the model is trained. We show that our approach yields promising results in the task of future frame prediction on the Moving MNIST dataset with 1 and 2 digits.      
### 33.fastMRI+: Clinical Pathology Annotations for Knee and Brain Fully Sampled Multi-Coil MRI Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03812.pdf)
>  Improving speed and image quality of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) via novel reconstruction approaches remains one of the highest impact applications for deep learning in medical imaging. The fastMRI dataset, unique in that it contains large volumes of raw MRI data, has enabled significant advances in accelerating MRI using deep learning-based reconstruction methods. While the impact of the fastMRI dataset on the field of medical imaging is unquestioned, the dataset currently lacks clinical expert pathology annotations, critical to addressing clinically relevant reconstruction frameworks and exploring important questions regarding rendering of specific pathology using such novel approaches. This work introduces fastMRI+, which consists of 16154 subspecialist expert bounding box annotations and 13 study-level labels for 22 different pathology categories on the fastMRI knee dataset, and 7570 subspecialist expert bounding box annotations and 643 study-level labels for 30 different pathology categories for the fastMRI brain dataset. The fastMRI+ dataset is open access and aims to support further research and advancement of medical imaging in MRI reconstruction and beyond.      
### 34.Adaptive Few-Shot Learning PoC Ultrasound COVID-19 Diagnostic System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03793.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel ultrasound imaging point-of-care (PoC) COVID-19 diagnostic system. The adaptive visual diagnostics utilize few-shot learning (FSL) to generate encoded disease state models that are stored and classified using a dictionary of knowns. The novel vocabulary based feature processing of the pipeline adapts the knowledge of a pretrained deep neural network to compress the ultrasound images into discrimative descriptions. The computational efficiency of the FSL approach enables high diagnostic deep learning performance in PoC settings, where training data is limited and the annotation process is not strictly controlled. The algorithm performance is evaluated on the open source COVID-19 POCUS Dataset to validate the system's ability to distinguish COVID-19, pneumonia, and healthy disease states. The results of the empirical analyses demonstrate the appropriate efficiency and accuracy for scalable PoC use. The code for this work will be made publicly available on GitHub upon acceptance.      
### 35.Axial multi-layer perceptron architecture for automatic segmentation of choroid plexus in multiple sclerosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03778.pdf)
>  Choroid plexuses (CP) are structures of the ventricles of the brain which produce most of the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). Several postmortem and in vivo studies have pointed towards their role in the inflammatory process in multiple sclerosis (MS). Automatic segmentation of CP from MRI thus has high value for studying their characteristics in large cohorts of patients. To the best of our knowledge, the only freely available tool for CP segmentation is FreeSurfer but its accuracy for this specific structure is poor. In this paper, we propose to automatically segment CP from non-contrast enhanced T1-weighted MRI. To that end, we introduce a new model called "Axial-MLP" based on an assembly of Axial multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs). This is inspired by recent works which showed that the self-attention layers of Transformers can be replaced with MLPs. This approach is systematically compared with a standard 3D U-Net, nnU-Net, Freesurfer and FastSurfer. For our experiments, we make use of a dataset of 141 subjects (44 controls and 97 patients with MS). We show that all the tested deep learning (DL) methods outperform FreeSurfer (Dice around 0.7 for DL vs 0.33 for FreeSurfer). Axial-MLP is competitive with U-Nets even though it is slightly less accurate. The conclusions of our paper are two-fold: 1) the studied deep learning methods could be useful tools to study CP in large cohorts of MS patients; 2)~Axial-MLP is a potentially viable alternative to convolutional neural networks for such tasks, although it could benefit from further improvements.      
### 36.Disentangling Alzheimer's disease neurodegeneration from typical brain aging using machine learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03723.pdf)
>  Neuroimaging biomarkers that distinguish between typical brain aging and Alzheimer's disease (AD) are valuable for determining how much each contributes to cognitive decline. Machine learning models can derive multi-variate brain change patterns related to the two processes, including the SPARE-AD (Spatial Patterns of Atrophy for Recognition of Alzheimer's Disease) and SPARE-BA (of Brain Aging) investigated herein. However, substantial overlap between brain regions affected in the two processes confounds measuring them independently. We present a methodology toward disentangling the two. T1-weighted MRI images of 4,054 participants (48-95 years) with AD, mild cognitive impairment (MCI), or cognitively normal (CN) diagnoses from the iSTAGING (Imaging-based coordinate SysTem for AGIng and NeurodeGenerative diseases) consortium were analyzed. First, a subset of AD patients and CN adults were selected based purely on clinical diagnoses to train SPARE-BA1 (regression of age using CN individuals) and SPARE-AD1 (classification of CN versus AD). Second, analogous groups were selected based on clinical and molecular markers to train SPARE-BA2 and SPARE-AD2: amyloid-positive (A+) AD continuum group (consisting of A+AD, A+MCI, and A+ and tau-positive CN individuals) and amyloid-negative (A-) CN group. Finally, the combined group of the AD continuum and A-/CN individuals was used to train SPARE-BA3, with the intention to estimate brain age regardless of AD-related brain changes. Disentangled SPARE models derived brain patterns that were more specific to the two types of the brain changes. Correlation between the SPARE-BA and SPARE-AD was significantly reduced. Correlation of disentangled SPARE-AD was non-inferior to the molecular measurements and to the number of APOE4 alleles, but was less to AD-related psychometric test scores, suggesting contribution of advanced brain aging to these scores.      
### 37.Tactile Image-to-Image Disentanglement of Contact Geometry from Motion-Induced Shear  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03615.pdf)
>  Robotic touch, particularly when using soft optical tactile sensors, suffers from distortion caused by motion-dependent shear. The manner in which the sensor contacts a stimulus is entangled with the tactile information about the geometry of the stimulus. In this work, we propose a supervised convolutional deep neural network model that learns to disentangle, in the latent space, the components of sensor deformations caused by contact geometry from those due to sliding-induced shear. The approach is validated by reconstructing unsheared tactile images from sheared images and showing they match unsheared tactile images collected with no sliding motion. In addition, the unsheared tactile images give a faithful reconstruction of the contact geometry that is not possible from the sheared data, and robust estimation of the contact pose that can be used for servo control sliding around various 2D shapes. Finally, the contact geometry reconstruction in conjunction with servo control sliding were used for faithful full object reconstruction of various 2D shapes. The methods have broad applicability to deep learning models for robots with a shear-sensitive sense of touch.      
### 38.Time Alignment using Lip Images for Frame-based Electrolaryngeal Voice Conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03551.pdf)
>  Voice conversion (VC) is an effective approach to electrolaryngeal (EL) speech enhancement, a task that aims to improve the quality of the artificial voice from an electrolarynx device. In frame-based VC methods, time alignment needs to be performed prior to model training, and the dynamic time warping (DTW) algorithm is widely adopted to compute the best time alignment between each utterance pair. The validity is based on the assumption that the same phonemes of the speakers have similar features and can be mapped by measuring a pre-defined distance between speech frames of the source and the target. However, the special characteristics of the EL speech can break the assumption, resulting in a sub-optimal DTW alignment. In this work, we propose to use lip images for time alignment, as we assume that the lip movements of laryngectomee remain normal compared to healthy people. We investigate two naive lip representations and distance metrics, and experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method can significantly outperform the audio-only alignment in terms of objective and subjective evaluations.      
### 39.Cross-Site Severity Assessment of COVID-19 from CT Images via Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03478.pdf)
>  Early and accurate severity assessment of Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) based on computed tomography (CT) images offers a great help to the estimation of intensive care unit event and the clinical decision of treatment planning. To augment the labeled data and improve the generalization ability of the classification model, it is necessary to aggregate data from multiple sites. This task faces several challenges including class imbalance between mild and severe infections, domain distribution discrepancy between sites, and presence of heterogeneous features. In this paper, we propose a novel domain adaptation (DA) method with two components to address these problems. The first component is a stochastic class-balanced boosting sampling strategy that overcomes the imbalanced learning problem and improves the classification performance on poorly-predicted classes. The second component is a representation learning that guarantees three properties: 1) domain-transferability by prototype triplet loss, 2) discriminant by conditional maximum mean discrepancy loss, and 3) completeness by multi-view reconstruction loss. Particularly, we propose a domain translator and align the heterogeneous data to the estimated class prototypes (i.e., class centers) in a hyper-sphere manifold. Experiments on cross-site severity assessment of COVID-19 from CT images show that the proposed method can effectively tackle the imbalanced learning problem and outperform recent DA approaches.      
### 40.Recalibrating the KITTI Dataset Camera Setup for Improved Odometry Accuracy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03462.pdf)
>  Over the last decade, one of the most relevant public datasets for evaluating odometry accuracy is the KITTI dataset. Beside the quality and rich sensor setup, its success is also due to the online evaluation tool, which enables researchers to benchmark and compare algorithms. The results are evaluated on the test subset solely, without any knowledge about the ground truth, yielding unbiased, overfit free and therefore relevant validation for robot localization based on cameras, 3D laser or combination of both. However, as any sensor setup, it requires prior calibration and rectified stereo images are provided, introducing dependence on the default calibration parameters. Given that, a natural question arises if a better set of calibration parameters can be found that would yield higher odometry accuracy. In this paper, we propose a new approach for one shot calibration of the KITTI dataset multiple camera setup. The approach yields better calibration parameters, both in the sense of lower calibration reprojection errors and lower visual odometry error. We conducted experiments where we show for three different odometry algorithms, namely SOFT2, ORB-SLAM2 and VISO2, that odometry accuracy is significantly improved with the proposed calibration parameters. Moreover, our odometry, SOFT2, in conjunction with the proposed calibration method achieved the highest accuracy on the official KITTI scoreboard with 0.53% translational and 0.0009 deg/m rotational error, outperforming even 3D laser-based methods.      
### 41.Toward Real-World Super-Resolution via Adaptive Downsampling Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03444.pdf)
>  Most image super-resolution (SR) methods are developed on synthetic low-resolution (LR) and high-resolution (HR) image pairs that are constructed by a predetermined operation, e.g., bicubic downsampling. As existing methods typically learn an inverse mapping of the specific function, they produce blurry results when applied to real-world images whose exact formulation is different and unknown. Therefore, several methods attempt to synthesize much more diverse LR samples or learn a realistic downsampling model. However, due to restrictive assumptions on the downsampling process, they are still biased and less generalizable. This study proposes a novel method to simulate an unknown downsampling process without imposing restrictive prior knowledge. We propose a generalizable low-frequency loss (LFL) in the adversarial training framework to imitate the distribution of target LR images without using any paired examples. Furthermore, we design an adaptive data loss (ADL) for the downsampler, which can be adaptively learned and updated from the data during the training loops. Extensive experiments validate that our downsampling model can facilitate existing SR methods to perform more accurate reconstructions on various synthetic and real-world examples than the conventional approaches.      
### 42.SSEGEP: Small SEGment Emphasized Performance evaluation metric for medical image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03435.pdf)
>  Automatic image segmentation is a critical component of medical image analysis, and hence quantifying segmentation performance is crucial. Challenges in medical image segmentation are mainly due to spatial variations of regions to be segmented and imbalance in distribution of classes. Commonly used metrics treat all detected pixels, indiscriminately. However, pixels in smaller segments must be treated differently from pixels in larger segments, as detection of smaller ones aid in early treatment of associated disease and are also easier to miss. To address this, we propose a novel evaluation metric for segmentation performance, emphasizing smaller segments, by assigning higher weightage to smaller segment pixels. Weighted false positives are also considered in deriving the new metric named, "SSEGEP"(Small SEGment Emphasized Performance evaluation metric), (range : 0(Bad) to 1(Good)). The experiments were performed on diverse anatomies(eye, liver, pancreas and breast) from publicly available datasets to show applicability of the proposed metric across different imaging techniques. Mean opinion score (MOS) and statistical significance testing is used to quantify the relevance of proposed approach. Across 33 fundus images, where the largest exudate is 1.41%, and the smallest is 0.0002% of the image, the proposed metric is 30% closer to MOS, as compared to Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC). Statistical significance testing resulted in promising p-value of order 10^{-18} with SSEGEP for hepatic tumor compared to DSC. The proposed metric is found to perform better for the images having multiple segments for a single label.      
### 43.Capturing the objects of vision with neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03351.pdf)
>  Human visual perception carves a scene at its physical joints, decomposing the world into objects, which are selectively attended, tracked, and predicted as we engage our surroundings. Object representations emancipate perception from the sensory input, enabling us to keep in mind that which is out of sight and to use perceptual content as a basis for action and symbolic cognition. Human behavioral studies have documented how object representations emerge through grouping, amodal completion, proto-objects, and object files. Deep neural network (DNN) models of visual object recognition, by contrast, remain largely tethered to the sensory input, despite achieving human-level performance at labeling objects. Here, we review related work in both fields and examine how these fields can help each other. The cognitive literature provides a starting point for the development of new experimental tasks that reveal mechanisms of human object perception and serve as benchmarks driving development of deep neural network models that will put the object into object recognition.      
### 44.Real-World Adversarial Examples involving Makeup Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03329.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have developed rapidly and have achieved outstanding performance in several tasks, such as image classification and natural language processing. However, recent studies have indicated that both digital and physical adversarial examples can fool neural networks. Face-recognition systems are used in various applications that involve security threats from physical adversarial examples. Herein, we propose a physical adversarial attack with the use of full-face makeup. The presence of makeup on the human face is a reasonable possibility, which possibly increases the imperceptibility of attacks. In our attack framework, we combine the cycle-adversarial generative network (cycle-GAN) and a victimized classifier. The Cycle-GAN is used to generate adversarial makeup, and the architecture of the victimized classifier is VGG 16. Our experimental results show that our attack can effectively overcome manual errors in makeup application, such as color and position-related errors. We also demonstrate that the approaches used to train the models can influence physical attacks; the adversarial perturbations crafted from the pre-trained model are affected by the corresponding training data.      
### 45.Reconstructing High-resolution Turbulent Flows Using Physics-Guided Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03327.pdf)
>  Direct numerical simulation (DNS) of turbulent flows is computationally expensive and cannot be applied to flows with large Reynolds numbers. Large eddy simulation (LES) is an alternative that is computationally less demanding, but is unable to capture all of the scales of turbulent transport accurately. Our goal in this work is to build a new data-driven methodology based on super-resolution techniques to reconstruct DNS data from LES predictions. We leverage the underlying physical relationships to regularize the relationships amongst different physical variables. We also introduce a hierarchical generative process and a reverse degradation process to fully explore the correspondence between DNS and LES data. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method through a single-snapshot experiment and a cross-time experiment. The results confirm that our method can better reconstruct high-resolution DNS data over space and over time in terms of pixel-wise reconstruction error and structural similarity. Visual comparisons show that our method performs much better in capturing fine-level flow dynamics.      
### 46.Self-Supervised Representation Learning using Visual Field Expansion on Digital Pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03299.pdf)
>  The examination of histopathology images is considered to be the gold standard for the diagnosis and stratification of cancer patients. A key challenge in the analysis of such images is their size, which can run into the gigapixels and can require tedious screening by clinicians. With the recent advances in computational medicine, automatic tools have been proposed to assist clinicians in their everyday practice. Such tools typically process these large images by slicing them into tiles that can then be encoded and utilized for different clinical models. In this study, we propose a novel generative framework that can learn powerful representations for such tiles by learning to plausibly expand their visual field. In particular, we developed a progressively grown generative model with the objective of visual field expansion. Thus trained, our model learns to generate different tissue types with fine details, while simultaneously learning powerful representations that can be used for different clinical endpoints, all in a self-supervised way. To evaluate the performance of our model, we conducted classification experiments on CAMELYON17 and CRC benchmark datasets, comparing favorably to other self-supervised and pre-trained strategies that are commonly used in digital pathology. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jcboyd/cdpath21-gan" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.MRI Reconstruction Using Deep Energy-Based Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03237.pdf)
>  Purpose: Although recent deep energy-based generative models (EBMs) have shown encouraging results in many image generation tasks, how to take advantage of the self-adversarial cogitation in deep EBMs to boost the performance of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) reconstruction is still desired. <br>Methods: With the successful application of deep learning in a wide range of MRI reconstruction, a line of emerging research involves formulating an optimization-based reconstruction method in the space of a generative model. Leveraging this, a novel regularization strategy is introduced in this article which takes advantage of self-adversarial cogitation of the deep energy-based model. More precisely, we advocate for alternative learning a more powerful energy-based model with maximum likelihood estimation to obtain the deep energy-based information, represented as image prior. Simultaneously, implicit inference with Langevin dynamics is a unique property of re-construction. In contrast to other generative models for reconstruction, the proposed method utilizes deep energy-based information as the image prior in reconstruction to improve the quality of image. <br>Results: Experiment results that imply the proposed technique can obtain remarkable performance in terms of high reconstruction accuracy that is competitive with state-of-the-art methods, and does not suffer from mode collapse. <br>Conclusion: Algorithmically, an iterative approach was presented to strengthen EBM training with the gradient of energy network. The robustness and the reproducibility of the algorithm were also experimentally validated. More importantly, the proposed reconstruction framework can be generalized for most MRI reconstruction scenarios.      
### 48.Weakly supervised semantic segmentation of tomographic images in the diagnosis of stroke  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01887.pdf)
>  This paper presents an automatic algorithm for the segmentation of areas affected by an acute stroke on the non-contrast computed tomography brain images. The proposed algorithm is designed for learning in a weakly supervised scenario when some images are labeled accurately, and some images are labeled inaccurately. Wrong labels appear as a result of inaccuracy made by a radiologist in the process of manual annotation of computed tomography images. We propose methods for solving the segmentation problem in the case of inaccurately labeled training data. We use the U-Net neural network architecture with several modifications. Experiments on real computed tomography scans show that the proposed methods increase the segmentation accuracy.      
