# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 17 Sep 2021
### 1.An End-to-End Transformer Model for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08141.pdf)
>  We propose 3DETR, an end-to-end Transformer based object detection model for 3D point clouds. Compared to existing detection methods that employ a number of 3D-specific inductive biases, 3DETR requires minimal modifications to the vanilla Transformer block. Specifically, we find that a standard Transformer with non-parametric queries and Fourier positional embeddings is competitive with specialized architectures that employ libraries of 3D-specific operators with hand-tuned hyperparameters. Nevertheless, 3DETR is conceptually simple and easy to implement, enabling further improvements by incorporating 3D domain knowledge. Through extensive experiments, we show 3DETR outperforms the well-established and highly optimized VoteNet baselines on the challenging ScanNetV2 dataset by 9.5%. Furthermore, we show 3DETR is applicable to 3D tasks beyond detection, and can serve as a building block for future research.      
### 2.Aesthetics and neural network image representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08103.pdf)
>  We analyze the spaces of images encoded by generative networks of the BigGAN architecture. We find that generic multiplicative perturbations away from the photo-realistic point often lead to images which appear as "artistic renditions" of the corresponding objects. This demonstrates an emergence of aesthetic properties directly from the structure of the photo-realistic environment coupled with its neural network parametrization. Moreover, modifying a deep semantic part of the neural network encoding leads to the appearance of symbolic visual representations.      
### 3.Invertable Frowns: Video-to-Video Facial Emotion Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08061.pdf)
>  We present Wav2Lip-Emotion, a video-to-video translation architecture that modifies facial expressions of emotion in videos of speakers. Previous work modifies emotion in images, uses a single image to produce a video with animated emotion, or puppets facial expressions in videos with landmarks from a reference video. However, many use cases such as modifying an actor's performance in post-production, coaching individuals to be more animated speakers, or touching up emotion in a teleconference require a video-to-video translation approach. We explore a method to maintain speakers' lip movements, identity, and pose while translating their expressed emotion. Our approach extends an existing multi-modal lip synchronization architecture to modify the speaker's emotion using L1 reconstruction and pre-trained emotion objectives. We also propose a novel automated emotion evaluation approach and corroborate it with a user study. These find that we succeed in modifying emotion while maintaining lip synchronization. Visual quality is somewhat diminished, with a trade off between greater emotion modification and visual quality between model variants. Nevertheless, we demonstrate (1) that facial expressions of emotion can be modified with nothing other than L1 reconstruction and pre-trained emotion objectives and (2) that our automated emotion evaluation approach aligns with human judgements.      
### 4.Urdu text in natural scene images: a new dataset and preliminary text detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08060.pdf)
>  Text detection in natural scene images for content analysis is an interesting task. The research community has seen some great developments for English/Mandarin text detection. However, Urdu text extraction in natural scene images is a task not well addressed. In this work, firstly, a new dataset is introduced for Urdu text in natural scene images. The dataset comprises of 500 standalone images acquired from real scenes. Secondly, the channel enhanced Maximally Stable Extremal Region (MSER) method is applied to extract Urdu text regions as candidates in an image. Two-stage filtering mechanism is applied to eliminate non-candidate regions. In the first stage, text and noise are classified based on their geometric properties. In the second stage, a support vector machine classifier is trained to discard non-text candidate regions. After this, text candidate regions are linked using centroid-based vertical and horizontal distances. Text lines are further analyzed by a different classifier based on HOG features to remove non-text regions. Extensive experimentation is performed on the locally developed dataset to evaluate the performance. The experimental results show good performance on test set images. The dataset will be made available for research use. To the best of our knowledge, the work is the first of its kind for the Urdu language and would provide a good dataset for free research use and serve as a baseline performance on the task of Urdu text extraction.      
### 5.Semi-Supervised Visual Representation Learning for Fashion Compatibility  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08052.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of complementary fashion prediction. Existing approaches focus on learning an embedding space where fashion items from different categories that are visually compatible are closer to each other. However, creating such labeled outfits is intensive and also not feasible to generate all possible outfit combinations, especially with large fashion catalogs. In this work, we propose a semi-supervised learning approach where we leverage large unlabeled fashion corpus to create pseudo-positive and pseudo-negative outfits on the fly during training. For each labeled outfit in a training batch, we obtain a pseudo-outfit by matching each item in the labeled outfit with unlabeled items. Additionally, we introduce consistency regularization to ensure that representation of the original images and their transformations are consistent to implicitly incorporate colour and other important attributes through self-supervision. We conduct extensive experiments on Polyvore, Polyvore-D and our newly created large-scale Fashion Outfits datasets, and show that our approach with only a fraction of labeled examples performs on-par with completely supervised methods.      
### 6.Raising context awareness in motion forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08048.pdf)
>  Learning-based trajectory prediction models have encountered great success, with the promise of leveraging contextual information in addition to motion history. Yet, we find that state-of-the-art forecasting methods tend to overly rely on the agent's dynamics, failing to exploit the semantic cues provided at its input. To alleviate this issue, we introduce CAB, a motion forecasting model equipped with a training procedure designed to promote the use of semantic contextual information. We also introduce two novel metrics -- dispersion and convergence-to-range -- to measure the temporal consistency of successive forecasts, which we found missing in standard metrics. Our method is evaluated on the widely adopted nuScenes Prediction benchmark.      
### 7.Rotation Averaging in a Split Second: A Primal-Dual Method and a Closed-Form for Cycle Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08046.pdf)
>  A cornerstone of geometric reconstruction, rotation averaging seeks the set of absolute rotations that optimally explains a set of measured relative orientations between them. In spite of being an integral part of bundle adjustment and structure-from-motion, averaging rotations is both a non-convex and high-dimensional optimization problem. In this paper, we address it from a maximum likelihood estimation standpoint and make a twofold contribution. Firstly, we set forth a novel initialization-free primal-dual method which we show empirically to converge to the global optimum. Further, we derive what is to our knowledge, the first optimal closed-form solution for rotation averaging in cycle graphs and contextualize this result within spectral graph theory. Our proposed methods achieve a significant gain both in precision and performance.      
### 8.Generating Dataset For Large-scale 3D Facial Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08043.pdf)
>  The tremendous development in deep learning has led facial expression recognition (FER) to receive much attention in the past few years. Although 3D FER has an inherent edge over its 2D counterpart, work on 2D images has dominated the field. The main reason for the slow development of 3D FER is the unavailability of large training and large test datasets. Recognition accuracies have already saturated on existing 3D emotion recognition datasets due to their small gallery sizes. Unlike 2D photographs, 3D facial scans are not easy to collect, causing a bottleneck in the development of deep 3D FER networks and datasets. In this work, we propose a method for generating a large dataset of 3D faces with labeled emotions. We also develop a deep convolutional neural network(CNN) for 3D FER trained on 624,000 3D facial scans. The test data comprises 208,000 3D facial scans.      
### 9.A Survey on Temporal Sentence Grounding in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08039.pdf)
>  Temporal sentence grounding in videos~(TSGV), which aims to localize one target segment from an untrimmed video with respect to a given sentence query, has drawn increasing attentions in the research community over the past few years. Different from the task of temporal action localization, TSGV is more flexible since it can locate complicated activities via natural languages, without restrictions from predefined action categories. Meanwhile, TSGV is more challenging since it requires both textual and visual understanding for semantic alignment between two modalities~(i.e., text and video). In this survey, we give a comprehensive overview for TSGV, which i) summarizes the taxonomy of existing methods, ii) provides a detailed description of the evaluation protocols~(i.e., datasets and metrics) to be used in TSGV, and iii) in-depth discusses potential problems of current benchmarking designs and research directions for further investigations. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first systematic survey on temporal sentence grounding. More specifically, we first discuss existing TSGV approaches by grouping them into four categories, i.e., two-stage methods, end-to-end methods, reinforcement learning-based methods, and weakly supervised methods. Then we present the benchmark datasets and evaluation metrics to assess current research progress. Finally, we discuss some limitations in TSGV through pointing out potential problems improperly resolved in the current evaluation protocols, which may push forwards more cutting edge research in TSGV. Besides, we also share our insights on several promising directions, including three typical tasks with new and practical settings based on TSGV.      
### 10.Image Captioning for Effective Use of Language Models in Knowledge-Based Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08029.pdf)
>  Integrating outside knowledge for reasoning in visio-linguistic tasks such as visual question answering (VQA) is an open problem. Given that pretrained language models have been shown to include world knowledge, we propose to use a unimodal (text-only) train and inference procedure based on automatic off-the-shelf captioning of images and pretrained language models. Our results on a visual question answering task which requires external knowledge (OK-VQA) show that our text-only model outperforms pretrained multimodal (image-text) models of comparable number of parameters. In contrast, our model is less effective in a standard VQA task (VQA 2.0) confirming that our text-only method is specially effective for tasks requiring external knowledge. In addition, we show that our unimodal model is complementary to multimodal models in both OK-VQA and VQA 2.0, and yield the best result to date in OK-VQA among systems not using external knowledge graphs, and comparable to systems that do use them. Our qualitative analysis on OK-VQA reveals that automatic captions often fail to capture relevant information in the images, which seems to be balanced by the better inference ability of the text-only language models. Our work opens up possibilities to further improve inference in visio-linguistic tasks.      
### 11.Neural Architecture Search in operational context: a remote sensing case-study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08028.pdf)
>  Deep learning has become in recent years a cornerstone tool fueling key innovations in the industry, such as autonomous driving. To attain good performances, the neural network architecture used for a given application must be chosen with care. These architectures are often handcrafted and therefore prone to human biases and sub-optimal selection. Neural Architecture Search (NAS) is a framework introduced to mitigate such risks by jointly optimizing the network architectures and its weights. Albeit its novelty, it was applied on complex tasks with significant results - e.g. semantic image segmentation. In this technical paper, we aim to evaluate its ability to tackle a challenging operational task: semantic segmentation of objects of interest in satellite imagery. Designing a NAS framework is not trivial and has strong dependencies to hardware constraints. We therefore motivate our NAS approach selection and provide corresponding implementation details. We also present novel ideas to carry out other such use-case studies.      
### 12.Semi-Supervised Wide-Angle Portraits Correction by Multi-Scale Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08024.pdf)
>  We propose a semi-supervised network for wide-angle portraits correction. Wide-angle images often suffer from skew and distortion affected by perspective distortion, especially noticeable at the face regions. Previous deep learning based approaches require the ground-truth correction flow maps for the training guidance. However, such labels are expensive, which can only be obtained manually. In this work, we propose a semi-supervised scheme, which can consume unlabeled data in addition to the labeled data for improvements. Specifically, our semi-supervised scheme takes the advantages of the consistency mechanism, with several novel components such as direction and range consistency (DRC) and regression consistency (RC). Furthermore, our network, named as Multi-Scale Swin-Unet (MS-Unet), is built upon the multi-scale swin transformer block (MSTB), which can learn both local-scale and long-range semantic information effectively. In addition, we introduce a high-quality unlabeled dataset with rich scenarios for the training. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is superior over the state-of-the-art methods and other representative baselines.      
### 13.The pitfalls of using open data to develop deep learning solutions for COVID-19 detection in chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08020.pdf)
>  Since the emergence of COVID-19, deep learning models have been developed to identify COVID-19 from chest X-rays. With little to no direct access to hospital data, the AI community relies heavily on public data comprising numerous data sources. Model performance results have been exceptional when training and testing on open-source data, surpassing the reported capabilities of AI in pneumonia-detection prior to the COVID-19 outbreak. In this study impactful models are trained on a widely used open-source data and tested on an external test set and a hospital dataset, for the task of classifying chest X-rays into one of three classes: COVID-19, non-COVID pneumonia and no-pneumonia. Classification performance of the models investigated is evaluated through ROC curves, confusion matrices and standard classification metrics. Explainability modules are implemented to explore the image features most important to classification. Data analysis and model evaluations show that the popular open-source dataset COVIDx is not representative of the real clinical problem and that results from testing on this are inflated. Dependence on open-source data can leave models vulnerable to bias and confounding variables, requiring careful analysis to develop clinically useful/viable AI tools for COVID-19 detection in chest X-rays.      
### 14.Detecting Propaganda Techniques in Memes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08013.pdf)
>  Propaganda can be defined as a form of communication that aims to influence the opinions or the actions of people towards a specific goal; this is achieved by means of well-defined rhetorical and psychological devices. Propaganda, in the form we know it today, can be dated back to the beginning of the 17th century. However, it is with the advent of the Internet and the social media that it has started to spread on a much larger scale than before, thus becoming major societal and political issue. Nowadays, a large fraction of propaganda in social media is multimodal, mixing textual with visual content. With this in mind, here we propose a new multi-label multimodal task: detecting the type of propaganda techniques used in memes. We further create and release a new corpus of 950 memes, carefully annotated with 22 propaganda techniques, which can appear in the text, in the image, or in both. Our analysis of the corpus shows that understanding both modalities together is essential for detecting these techniques. This is further confirmed in our experiments with several state-of-the-art multimodal models.      
### 15.Harnessing Perceptual Adversarial Patches for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07986.pdf)
>  Crowd counting, which is significantly important for estimating the number of people in safety-critical scenes, has been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial examples in the physical world (e.g., adversarial patches). Though harmful, adversarial examples are also valuable for assessing and better understanding model robustness. However, existing adversarial example generation methods in crowd counting scenarios lack strong transferability among different black-box models. Motivated by the fact that transferability is positively correlated to the model-invariant characteristics, this paper proposes the Perceptual Adversarial Patch (PAP) generation framework to learn the shared perceptual features between models by exploiting both the model scale perception and position perception. Specifically, PAP exploits differentiable interpolation and density attention to help learn the invariance between models during training, leading to better transferability. In addition, we surprisingly found that our adversarial patches could also be utilized to benefit the performance of vanilla models for alleviating several challenges including cross datasets and complex backgrounds. Extensive experiments under both digital and physical world scenarios demonstrate the effectiveness of our PAP.      
### 16.Real Time Monocular Vehicle Velocity Estimation using Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07957.pdf)
>  Vision is one of the primary sensing modalities in autonomous driving. In this paper we look at the problem of estimating the velocity of road vehicles from a camera mounted on a moving car. Contrary to prior methods that train end-to-end deep networks that estimate the vehicles' velocity from the video pixels, we propose a two-step approach where first an off-the-shelf tracker is used to extract vehicle bounding boxes and then a small neural network is used to regress the vehicle velocity from the tracked bounding boxes. Surprisingly, we find that this still achieves state-of-the-art estimation performance with the significant benefit of separating perception from dynamics estimation via a clean, interpretable and verifiable interface which allows us distill the statistics which are crucial for velocity estimation. We show that the latter can be used to easily generate synthetic training data in the space of bounding boxes and use this to improve the performance of our method further.      
### 17.Overview of Tencent Multi-modal Ads Video Understanding Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07951.pdf)
>  Multi-modal Ads Video Understanding Challenge is the first grand challenge aiming to comprehensively understand ads videos. Our challenge includes two tasks: video structuring in the temporal dimension and multi-modal video classification. It asks the participants to accurately predict both the scene boundaries and the multi-label categories of each scene based on a fine-grained and ads-related category hierarchy. Therefore, our task has four distinguishing features from previous ones: ads domain, multi-modal information, temporal segmentation, and multi-label classification. It will advance the foundation of ads video understanding and have a significant impact on many ads applications like video recommendation. This paper presents an overview of our challenge, including the background of ads videos, an elaborate description of task and dataset, evaluation protocol, and our proposed baseline. By ablating the key components of our baseline, we would like to reveal the main challenges of this task and provide useful guidance for future research of this area. In this paper, we give an extended version of our challenge overview. The dataset will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://algo.qq.com/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Learnable Multi-level Frequency Decomposition and Hierarchical Attention Mechanism for Generalized Face Presentation Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07950.pdf)
>  With the increased deployment of face recognition systems in our daily lives, face presentation attack detection (PAD) is attracting a lot of attention and playing a key role in securing face recognition systems. Despite the great performance achieved by the hand-crafted and deep learning based methods in intra-dataset evaluations, the performance drops when dealing with unseen scenarios. In this work, we propose a dual-stream convolution neural networks (CNNs) framework. One stream adapts four learnable frequency filters to learn features in the frequency domain, which are less influenced variations in sensors/illuminations. The other stream leverage the RGB images to complement the features of the frequency domain. Moreover, we propose a hierarchical attention module integration to join the information from the two streams at different stages by considering the nature of deep features in different layers of the CNN. The proposed method is evaluated in the intra-dataset and cross-dataset setups and the results demonstrates that our proposed approach enhances the generalizability in most experimental setups in comparison to state-of-the-art, including the methods designed explicitly for domain adaption/shift problem. We successfully prove the design of our proposed PAD solution in a step-wise ablation study that involves our proposed learnable frequency decomposition, our hierarchical attention module design, and the used loss function. Training codes and pre-trained models are publicly released.      
### 19.Lifting 2D Object Locations to 3D by Discounting LiDAR Outliers across Objects and Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07945.pdf)
>  We present a system for automatic converting of 2D mask object predictions and raw LiDAR point clouds into full 3D bounding boxes of objects. Because the LiDAR point clouds are partial, directly fitting bounding boxes to the point clouds is meaningless. Instead, we suggest that obtaining good results requires sharing information between \emph{all} objects in the dataset jointly, over multiple frames. We then make three improvements to the baseline. First, we address ambiguities in predicting the object rotations via direct optimization in this space while still backpropagating rotation prediction through the model. Second, we explicitly model outliers and task the network with learning their typical patterns, thus better discounting them. Third, we enforce temporal consistency when video data is available. With these contributions, our method significantly outperforms previous work despite the fact that those methods use significantly more complex pipelines, 3D models and additional human-annotated external sources of prior information.      
### 20.M2RNet: Multi-modal and Multi-scale Refined Network for RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07922.pdf)
>  Salient object detection is a fundamental topic in computer vision. Previous methods based on RGB-D often suffer from the incompatibility of multi-modal feature fusion and the insufficiency of multi-scale feature aggregation. To tackle these two dilemmas, we propose a novel multi-modal and multi-scale refined network (M2RNet). Three essential components are presented in this network. The nested dual attention module (NDAM) explicitly exploits the combined features of RGB and depth flows. The adjacent interactive aggregation module (AIAM) gradually integrates the neighbor features of high, middle and low levels. The joint hybrid optimization loss (JHOL) makes the predictions have a prominent outline. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method outperforms other state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 21.Heterogeneous Relational Complement for Vehicle Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07894.pdf)
>  The crucial problem in vehicle re-identification is to find the same vehicle identity when reviewing this object from cross-view cameras, which sets a higher demand for learning viewpoint-invariant representations. In this paper, we propose to solve this problem from two aspects: constructing robust feature representations and proposing camera-sensitive evaluations. We first propose a novel Heterogeneous Relational Complement Network (HRCN) by incorporating region-specific features and cross-level features as complements for the original high-level output. Considering the distributional differences and semantic misalignment, we propose graph-based relation modules to embed these heterogeneous features into one unified high-dimensional space. On the other hand, considering the deficiencies of cross-camera evaluations in existing measures (i.e., CMC and AP), we then propose a Cross-camera Generalization Measure (CGM) to improve the evaluations by introducing position-sensitivity and cross-camera generalization penalties. We further construct a new benchmark of existing models with our proposed CGM and experimental results reveal that our proposed HRCN model achieves new state-of-the-art in VeRi-776, VehicleID, and VERI-Wild.      
### 22.A Medical Pre-Diagnosis System for Histopathological Image of Breast Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07878.pdf)
>  This paper constructs a novel intelligent medical diagnosis system, which can realize automatic communication and breast cancer pathological image recognition. This system contains two main parts, including a pre-training chatbot called M-Chatbot and an improved neural network model of EfficientNetV2-S named EfficientNetV2-SA, in which the activation function in top layers is replaced by ACON-C. Using information retrieval mechanism, M-Chatbot instructs patients to send breast pathological image to EfficientNetV2-SA network, and then the classifier trained by transfer learning will return the diagnosis results. We verify the performance of our chatbot and classification on the extrinsic metrics and BreaKHis dataset, respectively. The task completion rate of M-Chatbot reached 63.33\%. For the BreaKHis dataset, the highest accuracy of EfficientNetV2-SA network have achieved 84.71\%. All these experimental results illustrate that the proposed model can improve the accuracy performance of image recognition and our new intelligent medical diagnosis system is successful and efficient in providing automatic diagnosis of breast cancer.      
### 23.SketchHairSalon: Deep Sketch-based Hair Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07874.pdf)
>  Recent deep generative models allow real-time generation of hair images from sketch inputs. Existing solutions often require a user-provided binary mask to specify a target hair shape. This not only costs users extra labor but also fails to capture complicated hair boundaries. Those solutions usually encode hair structures via orientation maps, which, however, are not very effective to encode complex structures. We observe that colored hair sketches already implicitly define target hair shapes as well as hair appearance and are more flexible to depict hair structures than orientation maps. Based on these observations, we present SketchHairSalon, a two-stage framework for generating realistic hair images directly from freehand sketches depicting desired hair structure and appearance. At the first stage, we train a network to predict a hair matte from an input hair sketch, with an optional set of non-hair strokes. At the second stage, another network is trained to synthesize the structure and appearance of hair images from the input sketch and the generated matte. To make the networks in the two stages aware of long-term dependency of strokes, we apply self-attention modules to them. To train these networks, we present a new dataset containing thousands of annotated hair sketch-image pairs and corresponding hair mattes. Two efficient methods for sketch completion are proposed to automatically complete repetitive braided parts and hair strokes, respectively, thus reducing the workload of users. Based on the trained networks and the two sketch completion strategies, we build an intuitive interface to allow even novice users to design visually pleasing hair images exhibiting various hair structures and appearance via freehand sketches. The qualitative and quantitative evaluations show the advantages of the proposed system over the existing or alternative solutions.      
### 24.Resolution based Feature Distillation for Cross Resolution Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07871.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-id) aims to retrieve images of same identities across different camera views. Resolution mismatch occurs due to varying distances between person of interest and cameras, this significantly degrades the performance of re-id in real world scenarios. Most of the existing approaches resolve the re-id task as low resolution problem in which a low resolution query image is searched in a high resolution images gallery. Several approaches apply image super resolution techniques to produce high resolution images but ignore the multiple resolutions of gallery images which is a better realistic scenario. In this paper, we introduce channel correlations to improve the learning of features from the degraded data. In addition, to overcome the problem of multiple resolutions we propose a Resolution based Feature Distillation (RFD) approach. Such an approach learns resolution invariant features by filtering the resolution related features from the final feature vectors that are used to compute the distance matrix. We tested the proposed approach on two synthetically created datasets and on one original multi resolution dataset with real degradation. Our approach improves the performance when multiple resolutions occur in the gallery and have comparable results in case of single resolution (low resolution re-id).      
### 25.Evaluating Continual Learning Algorithms by Generating 3D Virtual Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07855.pdf)
>  Continual learning refers to the ability of humans and animals to incrementally learn over time in a given environment. Trying to simulate this learning process in machines is a challenging task, also due to the inherent difficulty in creating conditions for designing continuously evolving dynamics that are typical of the real-world. Many existing research works usually involve training and testing of virtual agents on datasets of static images or short videos, considering sequences of distinct learning tasks. However, in order to devise continual learning algorithms that operate in more realistic conditions, it is fundamental to gain access to rich, fully customizable and controlled experimental playgrounds. Focussing on the specific case of vision, we thus propose to leverage recent advances in 3D virtual environments in order to approach the automatic generation of potentially life-long dynamic scenes with photo-realistic appearance. Scenes are composed of objects that move along variable routes with different and fully customizable timings, and randomness can also be included in their evolution. A novel element of this paper is that scenes are described in a parametric way, thus allowing the user to fully control the visual complexity of the input stream the agent perceives. These general principles are concretely implemented exploiting a recently published 3D virtual environment. The user can generate scenes without the need of having strong skills in computer graphics, since all the generation facilities are exposed through a simple high-level Python interface. We publicly share the proposed generator.      
### 26.Context-aware Padding for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07854.pdf)
>  Zero padding is widely used in convolutional neural networks to prevent the size of feature maps diminishing too fast. However, it has been claimed to disturb the statistics at the border. As an alternative, we propose a context-aware (CA) padding approach to extend the image. We reformulate the padding problem as an image extrapolation problem and illustrate the effects on the semantic segmentation task. Using context-aware padding, the ResNet-based segmentation model achieves higher mean Intersection-Over-Union than the traditional zero padding on the Cityscapes and the dataset of DeepGlobe satellite imaging challenge. Furthermore, our padding does not bring noticeable overhead during training and testing.      
### 27.Label Assignment Distillation for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07843.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation methods are proved to be promising in improving the performance of neural networks and no additional computational expenses are required during the inference time. For the sake of boosting the accuracy of object detection, a great number of knowledge distillation methods have been proposed particularly designed for object detection. However, most of these methods only focus on feature-level distillation and label-level distillation, leaving the label assignment step, a unique and paramount procedure for object detection, by the wayside. In this work, we come up with a simple but effective knowledge distillation approach focusing on label assignment in object detection, in which the positive and negative samples of student network are selected in accordance with the predictions of teacher network. Our method shows encouraging results on the MSCOCO2017 benchmark, and can not only be applied to both one-stage detectors and two-stage detectors but also be utilized orthogonally with other knowledge distillation methods.      
### 28.Compact Binary Fingerprint for Image Copy Re-Ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07802.pdf)
>  Image copy detection is challenging and appealing topic in computer vision and signal processing. Recent advancements in multimedia have made distribution of image across the global easy and fast: that leads to many other issues such as forgery and image copy retrieval. <br>Local keypoint descriptors such as SIFT are used to represent the images, and based on those descriptors matching, images are matched and retrieved. Features are quantized so that searching/matching may be made feasible for large databases at the cost of accuracy loss. In this paper, we propose binary feature that is obtained by quantizing the SIFT into binary, and rank list is re-examined to remove the false positives. Experiments on challenging dataset shows the gain in accuracy and time.      
### 29.Label-Attention Transformer with Geometrically Coherent Objects for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07799.pdf)
>  Automatic transcription of scene understanding in images and videos is a step towards artificial general intelligence. Image captioning is a nomenclature for describing meaningful information in an image using computer vision techniques. Automated image captioning techniques utilize encoder and decoder architecture, where the encoder extracts features from an image and the decoder generates a transcript. In this work, we investigate two unexplored ideas for image captioning using transformers: First, we demonstrate the enforcement of using objects' relevance in the surrounding environment. Second, learning an explicit association between labels and language constructs. We propose label-attention Transformer with geometrically coherent objects (LATGeO). The proposed technique acquires a proposal of geometrically coherent objects using a deep neural network (DNN) and generates captions by investigating their relationships using a label-attention module. Object coherence is defined using the localized ratio of the geometrical properties of the proposals. The label-attention module associates the extracted objects classes to the available dictionary using self-attention layers. The experimentation results show that objects' relevance in surroundings and binding of their visual feature with their geometrically localized ratios combined with its associated labels help in defining meaningful captions. The proposed framework is tested on the MSCOCO dataset, and a thorough evaluation resulting in overall better quantitative scores pronounces its superiority.      
### 30.MHFC: Multi-Head Feature Collaboration for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07785.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning (FSL) aims to address the data-scarce problem. A standard FSL framework is composed of two components: (1) Pre-train. Employ the base data to generate a CNN-based feature extraction model (FEM). (2) Meta-test. Apply the trained FEM to acquire the novel data's features and recognize them. FSL relies heavily on the design of the FEM. However, various FEMs have distinct emphases. For example, several may focus more attention on the contour information, whereas others may lay particular emphasis on the texture information. The single-head feature is only a one-sided representation of the sample. Besides the negative influence of cross-domain (e.g., the trained FEM can not adapt to the novel class flawlessly), the distribution of novel data may have a certain degree of deviation compared with the ground truth distribution, which is dubbed as distribution-shift-problem (DSP). To address the DSP, we propose Multi-Head Feature Collaboration (MHFC) algorithm, which attempts to project the multi-head features (e.g., multiple features extracted from a variety of FEMs) to a unified space and fuse them to capture more discriminative information. Typically, first, we introduce a subspace learning method to transform the multi-head features to aligned low-dimensional representations. It corrects the DSP via learning the feature with more powerful discrimination and overcomes the problem of inconsistent measurement scales from different head features. Then, we design an attention block to update combination weights for each head feature automatically. It comprehensively considers the contribution of various perspectives and further improves the discrimination of features. We evaluate the proposed method on five benchmark datasets (including cross-domain experiments) and achieve significant improvements of 2.1%-7.8% compared with state-of-the-arts.      
### 31.Dense Semantic Contrast for Self-Supervised Visual Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07756.pdf)
>  Self-supervised representation learning for visual pre-training has achieved remarkable success with sample (instance or pixel) discrimination and semantics discovery of instance, whereas there still exists a non-negligible gap between pre-trained model and downstream dense prediction tasks. Concretely, these downstream tasks require more accurate representation, in other words, the pixels from the same object must belong to a shared semantic category, which is lacking in the previous methods. In this work, we present Dense Semantic Contrast (DSC) for modeling semantic category decision boundaries at a dense level to meet the requirement of these tasks. Furthermore, we propose a dense cross-image semantic contrastive learning framework for multi-granularity representation learning. Specially, we explicitly explore the semantic structure of the dataset by mining relations among pixels from different perspectives. For intra-image relation modeling, we discover pixel neighbors from multiple views. And for inter-image relations, we enforce pixel representation from the same semantic class to be more similar than the representation from different classes in one mini-batch. Experimental results show that our DSC model outperforms state-of-the-art methods when transferring to downstream dense prediction tasks, including object detection, semantic segmentation, and instance segmentation. Code will be made available.      
### 32.Mask-Guided Feature Extraction and Augmentation for Ultra-Fine-Grained Visual Categorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07755.pdf)
>  While the fine-grained visual categorization (FGVC) problems have been greatly developed in the past years, the Ultra-fine-grained visual categorization (Ultra-FGVC) problems have been understudied. FGVC aims at classifying objects from the same species (very similar categories), while the Ultra-FGVC targets at more challenging problems of classifying images at an ultra-fine granularity where even human experts may fail to identify the visual difference. The challenges for Ultra-FGVC mainly comes from two aspects: one is that the Ultra-FGVC often arises overfitting problems due to the lack of training samples; and another lies in that the inter-class variance among images is much smaller than normal FGVC tasks, which makes it difficult to learn discriminative features for each class. To solve these challenges, a mask-guided feature extraction and feature augmentation method is proposed in this paper to extract discriminative and informative regions of images which are then used to augment the original feature map. The advantage of the proposed method is that the feature detection and extraction model only requires a small amount of target region samples with bounding boxes for training, then it can automatically locate the target area for a large number of images in the dataset at a high detection accuracy. Experimental results on two public datasets and ten state-of-the-art benchmark methods consistently demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method both visually and quantitatively.      
### 33.Few-Shot Object Detection by Attending to Per-Sample-Prototype  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07734.pdf)
>  Few-shot object detection aims to detect instances of specific categories in a query image with only a handful of support samples. Although this takes less effort than obtaining enough annotated images for supervised object detection, it results in a far inferior performance compared to the conventional object detection methods. In this paper, we propose a meta-learning-based approach that considers the unique characteristics of each support sample. Rather than simply averaging the information of the support samples to generate a single prototype per category, our method can better utilize the information of each support sample by treating each support sample as an individual prototype. Specifically, we introduce two types of attention mechanisms for aggregating the query and support feature maps. The first is to refine the information of few-shot samples by extracting shared information between the support samples through attention. Second, each support sample is used as a class code to leverage the information by comparing similarities between each support feature and query features. Our proposed method is complementary to the previous methods, making it easy to plug and play for further improvement. We have evaluated our method on PASCAL VOC and COCO benchmarks, and the results verify the effectiveness of our method. In particular, the advantages of our method are maximized when there is more diversity among support data.      
### 34.Dense Pruning of Pointwise Convolutions in the Frequency Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07707.pdf)
>  Depthwise separable convolutions and frequency-domain convolutions are two recent ideas for building efficient convolutional neural networks. They are seemingly incompatible: the vast majority of operations in depthwise separable CNNs are in pointwise convolutional layers, but pointwise layers use 1x1 kernels, which do not benefit from frequency transformation. This paper unifies these two ideas by transforming the activations, not the kernels. Our key insights are that 1) pointwise convolutions commute with frequency transformation and thus can be computed in the frequency domain without modification, 2) each channel within a given layer has a different level of sensitivity to frequency domain pruning, and 3) each channel's sensitivity to frequency pruning is approximately monotonic with respect to frequency. We leverage this knowledge by proposing a new technique which wraps each pointwise layer in a discrete cosine transform (DCT) which is truncated to selectively prune coefficients above a given threshold as per the needs of each channel. To learn which frequencies should be pruned from which channels, we introduce a novel learned parameter which specifies each channel's pruning threshold. We add a new regularization term which incentivizes the model to decrease the number of retained frequencies while still maintaining task accuracy. Unlike weight pruning techniques which rely on sparse operators, our contiguous frequency band pruning results in fully dense computation. We apply our technique to MobileNetV2 and in the process reduce computation time by 22% and incur &lt;1% accuracy degradation.      
### 35.SPIN Road Mapper: Extracting Roads from Aerial Images via Spatial and Interaction Space Graph Reasoning for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07701.pdf)
>  Road extraction is an essential step in building autonomous navigation systems. Detecting road segments is challenging as they are of varying widths, bifurcated throughout the image, and are often occluded by terrain, cloud, or other weather conditions. Using just convolution neural networks (ConvNets) for this problem is not effective as it is inefficient at capturing distant dependencies between road segments in the image which is essential to extract road connectivity. To this end, we propose a Spatial and Interaction Space Graph Reasoning (SPIN) module which when plugged into a ConvNet performs reasoning over graphs constructed on spatial and interaction spaces projected from the feature maps. Reasoning over spatial space extracts dependencies between different spatial regions and other contextual information. Reasoning over a projected interaction space helps in appropriate delineation of roads from other topographies present in the image. Thus, SPIN extracts long-range dependencies between road segments and effectively delineates roads from other semantics. We also introduce a SPIN pyramid which performs SPIN graph reasoning across multiple scales to extract multi-scale features. We propose a network based on stacked hourglass modules and SPIN pyramid for road segmentation which achieves better performance compared to existing methods. Moreover, our method is computationally efficient and significantly boosts the convergence speed during training, making it feasible for applying on large-scale high-resolution aerial images. Code available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wgcban/SPIN_RoadMapper.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.Dynamic Fusion Network for RGBT Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07662.pdf)
>  For both visible and infrared images have their own advantages and disadvantages, RGBT tracking has attracted more and more attention. The key points of RGBT tracking lie in feature extraction and feature fusion of visible and infrared images. Current RGBT tracking methods mostly pay attention to both individual features (features extracted from images of a single camera) and common features (features extracted and fused from an RGB camera and a thermal camera), while pay less attention to the different and dynamic contributions of individual features and common features for different sequences of registered image pairs. This paper proposes a novel RGBT tracking method, called Dynamic Fusion Network (DFNet), which adopts a two-stream structure, in which two non-shared convolution kernels are employed in each layer to extract individual features. Besides, DFNet has shared convolution kernels for each layer to extract common features. Non-shared convolution kernels and shared convolution kernels are adaptively weighted and summed according to different image pairs, so that DFNet can deal with different contributions for different sequences. DFNet has a fast speed, which is 28.658 FPS. The experimental results show that when DFNet only increases the Mult-Adds of 0.02% than the non-shared-convolution-kernel-based fusion method, Precision Rate (PR) and Success Rate (SR) reach 88.1% and 71.9% respectively.      
### 37.METEOR: A Massive Dense &amp; Heterogeneous Behavior Dataset for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07648.pdf)
>  We present a new and complex traffic dataset, METEOR, which captures traffic patterns in unstructured scenarios in India. METEOR consists of more than 1000 one-minute video clips, over 2 million annotated frames with ego-vehicle trajectories, and more than 13 million bounding boxes for surrounding vehicles or traffic agents. METEOR is a unique dataset in terms of capturing the heterogeneity of microscopic and macroscopic traffic characteristics. Furthermore, we provide annotations for rare and interesting driving behaviors such as cut-ins, yielding, overtaking, overspeeding, zigzagging, sudden lane changing, running traffic signals, driving in the wrong lanes, taking wrong turns, lack of right-of-way rules at intersections, etc. We also present diverse traffic scenarios corresponding to rainy weather, nighttime driving, driving in rural areas with unmarked roads, and high-density traffic scenarios. We use our novel dataset to evaluate the performance of object detection and behavior prediction algorithms. We show that state-of-the-art object detectors fail in these challenging conditions and also propose a new benchmark test: action-behavior prediction with a baseline mAP score of 70.74.      
### 38.OPV2V: An Open Benchmark Dataset and Fusion Pipeline for Perception with Vehicle-to-Vehicle Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07644.pdf)
>  Employing Vehicle-to-Vehicle communication to enhance perception performance in self-driving technology has attracted considerable attention recently; however, the absence of a suitable open dataset for benchmarking algorithms has made it difficult to develop and assess cooperative perception technologies. To this end, we present the first large-scale open simulated dataset for Vehicle-to-Vehicle perception. It contains over 70 interesting scenes, 111,464 frames, and 232,913 annotated 3D vehicle bounding boxes, collected from 8 towns in CARLA and a digital town of Culver City, Los Angeles. We then construct a comprehensive benchmark with a total of 16 implemented models to evaluate several information fusion strategies~(i.e. early, late, and intermediate fusion) with state-of-the-art LiDAR detection algorithms. Moreover, we propose a new Attentive Intermediate Fusion pipeline to aggregate information from multiple connected vehicles. Our experiments show that the proposed pipeline can be easily integrated with existing 3D LiDAR detectors and achieve outstanding performance even with large compression rates. To encourage more researchers to investigate Vehicle-to-Vehicle perception, we will release the dataset, benchmark methods, and all related codes in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://mobility-lab.seas.ucla.edu/opv2v/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Partner-Assisted Learning for Few-Shot Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07607.pdf)
>  Few-shot Learning has been studied to mimic human visual capabilities and learn effective models without the need of exhaustive human annotation. Even though the idea of meta-learning for adaptation has dominated the few-shot learning methods, how to train a feature extractor is still a challenge. In this paper, we focus on the design of training strategy to obtain an elemental representation such that the prototype of each novel class can be estimated from a few labeled samples. We propose a two-stage training scheme, Partner-Assisted Learning (PAL), which first trains a partner encoder to model pair-wise similarities and extract features serving as soft-anchors, and then trains a main encoder by aligning its outputs with soft-anchors while attempting to maximize classification performance. Two alignment constraints from logit-level and feature-level are designed individually. For each few-shot task, we perform prototype classification. Our method consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art method on four benchmarks. Detailed ablation studies of PAL are provided to justify the selection of each component involved in training.      
### 40.UCP-Net: Unstructured Contour Points for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07592.pdf)
>  The goal of interactive segmentation is to assist users in producing segmentation masks as fast and as accurately as possible. Interactions have to be simple and intuitive and the number of interactions required to produce a satisfactory segmentation mask should be as low as possible. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to interactive segmentation based on unconstrained contour clicks for initial segmentation and segmentation refinement. Our method is class-agnostic and produces accurate segmentation masks (IoU &gt; 85%) for a lower number of user interactions than state-of-the-art methods on popular segmentation datasets (COCO MVal, SBD and Berkeley).      
### 41.Predicting 3D shapes, masks, and properties of materials, liquids, and objects inside transparent containers, using the TransProteus CGI dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07577.pdf)
>  We present TransProteus, a dataset, and methods for predicting the 3D structure, masks, and properties of materials, liquids, and objects inside transparent vessels from a single image without prior knowledge of the image source and camera parameters. Manipulating materials in transparent containers is essential in many fields and depends heavily on vision. This work supplies a new procedurally generated dataset consisting of 50k images of liquids and solid objects inside transparent containers. The image annotations include 3D models, material properties (color/transparency/roughness...), and segmentation masks for the vessel and its content. The synthetic (CGI) part of the dataset was procedurally generated using 13k different objects, 500 different environments (HDRI), and 1450 material textures (PBR) combined with simulated liquids and procedurally generated vessels. In addition, we supply 104 real-world images of objects inside transparent vessels with depth maps of both the vessel and its content. We propose a camera agnostic method that predicts 3D models from an image as an XYZ map. This allows the trained net to predict the 3D model as a map with XYZ coordinates per pixel without prior knowledge of the image source. To calculate the training loss, we use the distance between pairs of points inside the 3D model instead of the absolute XYZ coordinates. This makes the loss function translation invariant. We use this to predict 3D models of vessels and their content from a single image. Finally, we demonstrate a net that uses a single image to predict the material properties of the vessel content and surface.      
### 42.Hybrid ICP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07559.pdf)
>  ICP algorithms typically involve a fixed choice of data association method and a fixed choice of error metric. In this paper, we propose Hybrid ICP, a novel and flexible ICP variant which dynamically optimises both the data association method and error metric based on the live image of an object and the current ICP estimate. We show that when used for object pose estimation, Hybrid ICP is more accurate and more robust to noise than other commonly used ICP variants. We also consider the setting where ICP is applied sequentially with a moving camera, and we study the trade-off between the accuracy of each ICP estimate and the number of ICP estimates available within a fixed amount of time.      
### 43.RAFT-Stereo: Multilevel Recurrent Field Transforms for Stereo Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07547.pdf)
>  We introduce RAFT-Stereo, a new deep architecture for rectified stereo based on the optical flow network RAFT. We introduce multi-level convolutional GRUs, which more efficiently propagate information across the image. A modified version of RAFT-Stereo can perform accurate real-time inference. RAFT-stereo ranks first on the Middlebury leaderboard, outperforming the next best method on 1px error by 29% and outperforms all published work on the ETH3D two-view stereo benchmark. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/princeton-vl/RAFT-Stereo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.Pose Transformers (POTR): Human Motion Prediction with Non-Autoregressive Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07531.pdf)
>  We propose to leverage Transformer architectures for non-autoregressive human motion prediction. Our approach decodes elements in parallel from a query sequence, instead of conditioning on previous predictions such as instate-of-the-art RNN-based approaches. In such a way our approach is less computational intensive and potentially avoids error accumulation to long term elements in the sequence. In that context, our contributions are fourfold: (i) we frame human motion prediction as a sequence-to-sequence problem and propose a non-autoregressive Transformer to infer the sequences of poses in parallel; (ii) we propose to decode sequences of 3D poses from a query sequence generated in advance with elements from the input sequence;(iii) we propose to perform skeleton-based activity classification from the encoder memory, in the hope that identifying the activity can improve predictions;(iv) we show that despite its simplicity, our approach achieves competitive results in two public datasets, although surprisingly more for short term predictions rather than for long term ones.      
### 45.Learning to Aggregate and Refine Noisy Labels for Visual Sentiment Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07509.pdf)
>  Visual sentiment analysis has received increasing attention in recent years. However, the quality of the dataset is a concern because the sentiment labels are crowd-sourcing, subjective, and prone to mistakes. This poses a severe threat to the data-driven models including the deep neural networks which would generalize poorly on the testing cases if they are trained to over-fit the samples with noisy sentiment labels. Inspired by the recent progress on learning with noisy labels, we propose a robust learning method to perform robust visual sentiment analysis. Our method relies on an external memory to aggregate and filter noisy labels during training and thus can prevent the model from overfitting the noisy cases. The memory is composed of the prototypes with corresponding labels, both of which can be updated online. We establish a benchmark for visual sentiment analysis with label noise using publicly available datasets. The experiment results of the proposed benchmark settings comprehensively show the effectiveness of our method.      
### 46.Neural tendue Expander for Ultra-Wide-Angle High-Fidelity Holographic Display  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08123.pdf)
>  Holographic displays can generate light fields by dynamically modulating the wavefront of a coherent beam of light using a spatial light modulator, promising rich virtual and augmented reality applications. However, the limited spatial resolution of existing dynamic spatial light modulators imposes a tight bound on the diffraction angle. As a result, today's holographic displays possess low tendue, which is the product of the display area and the maximum solid angle of diffracted light. The low tendue forces a sacrifice of either the field of view (FOV) or the display size. In this work, we lift this limitation by presenting neural tendue expanders. This new breed of optical elements, which is learned from a natural image dataset, enables higher diffraction angles for ultra-wide FOV while maintaining both a compact form factor and the fidelity of displayed contents to human viewers. With neural tendue expanders, we achieve 64$\times$ tendue expansion of natural images with reconstruction quality (measured in PSNR) over 29dB on simulated retinal-resolution images. As a result, the proposed approach with expansion factor 64$\times$ enables high-fidelity ultra-wide-angle holographic projection of natural images using an 8K-pixel SLM, resulting in a 18.5 mm eyebox size and 2.18 steradians FOV, covering 85\% of the human stereo FOV.      
### 47.DisUnknown: Distilling Unknown Factors for Disentanglement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08090.pdf)
>  Disentangling data into interpretable and independent factors is critical for controllable generation tasks. With the availability of labeled data, supervision can help enforce the separation of specific factors as expected. However, it is often expensive or even impossible to label every single factor to achieve fully-supervised disentanglement. In this paper, we adopt a general setting where all factors that are hard to label or identify are encapsulated as a single unknown factor. Under this setting, we propose a flexible weakly-supervised multi-factor disentanglement framework DisUnknown, which Distills Unknown factors for enabling multi-conditional generation regarding both labeled and unknown factors. Specifically, a two-stage training approach is adopted to first disentangle the unknown factor with an effective and robust training method, and then train the final generator with the proper disentanglement of all labeled factors utilizing the unknown distillation. To demonstrate the generalization capacity and scalability of our method, we evaluate it on multiple benchmark datasets qualitatively and quantitatively and further apply it to various real-world applications on complicated datasets.      
### 48.A Machine Learning Framework for Automatic Prediction of Human Semen Motility  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08049.pdf)
>  In the field of reproductive health, a vital aspect for the detection of male fertility issues is the analysis of human semen quality. Two factors of importance are the morphology and motility of the sperm cells. While the former describes defects in different parts of a spermatozoon, the latter measures the efficient movement of cells. For many non-human species, so-called Computer-Aided Sperm Analysis systems work well for assessing these characteristics from microscopic video recordings but struggle with human sperm samples which generally show higher degrees of debris and dead spermatozoa, as well as lower overall sperm motility. Here, machine learning methods that harness large amounts of training data to extract salient features could support physicians with the detection of fertility issues or in vitro fertilisation procedures. In this work, the overall motility of given sperm samples is predicted with the help of a machine learning framework integrating unsupervised methods for feature extraction with downstream regression models. The models evaluated herein improve on the state-of-the-art for video-based sperm-motility prediction.      
### 49.Eformer: Edge Enhancement based Transformer for Medical Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.08044.pdf)
>  In this work, we present Eformer - Edge enhancement based transformer, a novel architecture that builds an encoder-decoder network using transformer blocks for medical image denoising. Non-overlapping window-based self-attention is used in the transformer block that reduces computational requirements. This work further incorporates learnable Sobel-Feldman operators to enhance edges in the image and propose an effective way to concatenate them in the intermediate layers of our architecture. The experimental analysis is conducted by comparing deterministic learning and residual learning for the task of medical image denoising. To defend the effectiveness of our approach, our model is evaluated on the AAPM-Mayo Clinic Low-Dose CT Grand Challenge Dataset and achieves state-of-the-art performance, $i.e.$, 43.487 PSNR, 0.0067 RMSE, and 0.9861 SSIM. We believe that our work will encourage more research in transformer-based architectures for medical image denoising using residual learning.      
### 50.ObjectFolder: A Dataset of Objects with Implicit Visual, Auditory, and Tactile Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07991.pdf)
>  Multisensory object-centric perception, reasoning, and interaction have been a key research topic in recent years. However, the progress in these directions is limited by the small set of objects available -- synthetic objects are not realistic enough and are mostly centered around geometry, while real object datasets such as YCB are often practically challenging and unstable to acquire due to international shipping, inventory, and financial cost. We present ObjectFolder, a dataset of 100 virtualized objects that addresses both challenges with two key innovations. First, ObjectFolder encodes the visual, auditory, and tactile sensory data for all objects, enabling a number of multisensory object recognition tasks, beyond existing datasets that focus purely on object geometry. Second, ObjectFolder employs a uniform, object-centric, and implicit representation for each object's visual textures, acoustic simulations, and tactile readings, making the dataset flexible to use and easy to share. We demonstrate the usefulness of our dataset as a testbed for multisensory perception and control by evaluating it on a variety of benchmark tasks, including instance recognition, cross-sensory retrieval, 3D reconstruction, and robotic grasping.      
### 51.R3LIVE: A Robust, Real-time, RGB-colored, LiDAR-Inertial-Visual tightly-coupled state Estimation and mapping package  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07982.pdf)
>  In this letter, we propose a novel LiDAR-Inertial-Visual sensor fusion framework termed R3LIVE, which takes advantage of measurement of LiDAR, inertial, and visual sensors to achieve robust and accurate state estimation. R3LIVE is contained of two subsystems, the LiDAR-inertial odometry (LIO) and visual-inertial odometry (VIO). The LIO subsystem (FAST-LIO) takes advantage of the measurement from LiDAR and inertial sensors and builds the geometry structure of (i.e. the position of 3D points) global maps. The VIO subsystem utilizes the data of visual-inertial sensors and renders the map's texture (i.e. the color of 3D points). More specifically, the VIO subsystem fuses the visual data directly and effectively by minimizing the frame-to-map photometric error. The developed system R3LIVE is developed based on our previous work R2LIVE, with careful architecture design and implementation. Experiment results show that the resultant system achieves more robustness and higher accuracy in state estimation than current counterparts (see our attached video). <br>R3LIVE is a versatile and well-engineered system toward various possible applications, which can not only serve as a SLAM system for real-time robotic applications, but can also reconstruct the dense, precise, RGB-colored 3D maps for applications like surveying and mapping. Moreover, to make R3LIVE more extensible, we develop a series of offline utilities for reconstructing and texturing meshes, which further minimizes the gap between R3LIVE and various of 3D applications such as simulators, video games and etc (see our demos video). To share our findings and make contributions to the community, we open source R3LIVE on our Github, including all of our codes, software utilities, and the mechanical design of our device.      
### 52.Quality-aware Cine Cardiac MRI Reconstruction and Analysis from Undersampled k-space Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07955.pdf)
>  Cine cardiac MRI is routinely acquired for the assessment of cardiac health, but the imaging process is slow and typically requires several breath-holds to acquire sufficient k-space profiles to ensure good image quality. Several undersampling-based reconstruction techniques have been proposed during the last decades to speed up cine cardiac MRI acquisition. However, the undersampling factor is commonly fixed to conservative values before acquisition to ensure diagnostic image quality, potentially leading to unnecessarily long scan times. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end quality-aware cine short-axis cardiac MRI framework that combines image acquisition and reconstruction with downstream tasks such as segmentation, volume curve analysis and estimation of cardiac functional parameters. The goal is to reduce scan time by acquiring only a fraction of k-space data to enable the reconstruction of images that can pass quality control checks and produce reliable estimates of cardiac functional parameters. The framework consists of a deep learning model for the reconstruction of 2D+t cardiac cine MRI images from undersampled data, an image quality-control step to detect good quality reconstructions, followed by a deep learning model for bi-ventricular segmentation, a quality-control step to detect good quality segmentations and automated calculation of cardiac functional parameters. To demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed approach, we perform simulations using a cohort of selected participants from the UK Biobank (n=270), 200 healthy subjects and 70 patients with cardiomyopathies. Our results show that we can produce quality-controlled images in a scan time reduced from 12 to 4 seconds per slice, enabling reliable estimates of cardiac functional parameters such as ejection fraction within 5% mean absolute error.      
### 53.FSER: Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Speech Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07916.pdf)
>  Using mel-spectrograms over conventional MFCCs features, we assess the abilities of convolutional neural networks to accurately recognize and classify emotions from speech data. We introduce FSER, a speech emotion recognition model trained on four valid speech databases, achieving a high-classification accuracy of 95,05\%, over 8 different emotion classes: anger, anxiety, calm, disgust, happiness, neutral, sadness, surprise. On each benchmark dataset, FSER outperforms the best models introduced so far, achieving a state-of-the-art performance. We show that FSER stays reliable, independently of the language, sex identity, and any other external factor. Additionally, we describe how FSER could potentially be used to improve mental and emotional health care and how our analysis and findings serve as guidelines and benchmarks for further works in the same direction.      
### 54.How Computer Science Can Aid Forest Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07898.pdf)
>  The world faces two interlinked crises: climate change and loss of biodiversity. Forest restoration on degraded lands and surplus croplands can play a significant role both in sequestering carbon and re-establishing bio-diversity. There is a considerable body of research and practice that addresses forest restoration. However, there has been little work by computer scientists to bring powerful computational techniques to bear on this important area of work, perhaps due to a lack of awareness. In an attempt to bridge this gap, we present our vision of how techniques from computer science, broadly speaking, can aid current practice in forest restoration.      
### 55.Automated risk classification of colon biopsies based on semantic segmentation of histopathology images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07892.pdf)
>  Artificial Intelligence (AI) can potentially support histopathologists in the diagnosis of a broad spectrum of cancer types. In colorectal cancer (CRC), AI can alleviate the laborious task of characterization and reporting on resected biopsies, including polyps, the numbers of which are increasing as a result of CRC population screening programs, ongoing in many countries all around the globe. Here, we present an approach to address two major challenges in automated assessment of CRC histopathology whole-slide images. First, we present an AI-based method to segment multiple tissue compartments in the H\&amp;E-stained whole-slide image, which provides a different, more perceptible picture of tissue morphology and composition. We test and compare a panel of state-of-the-art loss functions available for segmentation models, and provide indications about their use in histopathology image segmentation, based on the analysis of a) a multi-centric cohort of CRC cases from five medical centers in the Netherlands and Germany, and b) two publicly available datasets on segmentation in CRC. Second, we use the best performing AI model as the basis for a computer-aided diagnosis system (CAD) that classifies colon biopsies into four main categories that are relevant pathologically. We report the performance of this system on an independent cohort of more than 1,000 patients. The results show the potential of such an AI-based system to assist pathologists in diagnosis of CRC in the context of population screening. We have made the segmentation model available for research use on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://grand-challenge.org/algorithms/colon-tissue-segmentation/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.Explainability Requires Interactivity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07869.pdf)
>  When explaining the decisions of deep neural networks, simple stories are tempting but dangerous. Especially in computer vision, the most popular explanation approaches give a false sense of comprehension to its users and provide an overly simplistic picture. We introduce an interactive framework to understand the highly complex decision boundaries of modern vision models. It allows the user to exhaustively inspect, probe, and test a network's decisions. Across a range of case studies, we compare the power of our interactive approach to static explanation methods, showing how these can lead a user astray, with potentially severe consequences.      
### 57.Humanly Certifying Superhuman Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07867.pdf)
>  Estimating the performance of a machine learning system is a longstanding challenge in artificial intelligence research. Today, this challenge is especially relevant given the emergence of systems which appear to increasingly outperform human beings. In some cases, this "superhuman" performance is readily demonstrated; for example by defeating legendary human players in traditional two player games. On the other hand, it can be challenging to evaluate classification models that potentially surpass human performance. Indeed, human annotations are often treated as a ground truth, which implicitly assumes the superiority of the human over any models trained on human annotations. In reality, human annotators can make mistakes and be subjective. Evaluating the performance with respect to a genuine oracle may be more objective and reliable, even when querying the oracle is expensive or impossible. In this paper, we first raise the challenge of evaluating the performance of both humans and models with respect to an oracle which is unobserved. We develop a theory for estimating the accuracy compared to the oracle, using only imperfect human annotations for reference. Our analysis provides a simple recipe for detecting and certifying superhuman performance in this setting, which we believe will assist in understanding the stage of current research on classification. We validate the convergence of the bounds and the assumptions of our theory on carefully designed toy experiments with known oracles. Moreover, we demonstrate the utility of our theory by meta-analyzing large-scale natural language processing tasks, for which an oracle does not exist, and show that under our assumptions a number of models from recent years are with high probability superhuman.      
### 58.Detection Accuracy for Evaluating Compositional Explanations of Units  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07804.pdf)
>  The recent success of deep learning models in solving complex problems and in different domains has increased interest in understanding what they learn. Therefore, different approaches have been employed to explain these models, one of which uses human-understandable concepts as explanations. Two examples of methods that use this approach are Network Dissection and Compositional explanations. The former explains units using atomic concepts, while the latter makes explanations more expressive, replacing atomic concepts with logical forms. While intuitively, logical forms are more informative than atomic concepts, it is not clear how to quantify this improvement, and their evaluation is often based on the same metric that is optimized during the search-process and on the usage of hyper-parameters to be tuned. In this paper, we propose to use as evaluation metric the Detection Accuracy, which measures units' consistency of detection of their assigned explanations. We show that this metric (1) evaluates explanations of different lengths effectively, (2) can be used as a stopping criterion for the compositional explanation search, eliminating the explanation length hyper-parameter, and (3) exposes new specialized units whose length 1 explanations are the perceptual abstractions of their longer explanations.      
### 59.Marginal MAP Estimation for Inverse RL under Occlusion with Observer Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07788.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of learning the behavioral preferences of an expert engaged in a task from noisy and partially-observable demonstrations. This is motivated by real-world applications such as a line robot learning from observing a human worker, where some observations are occluded by environmental objects that cannot be removed. Furthermore, robotic perception tends to be imperfect and noisy. Previous techniques for inverse reinforcement learning (IRL) take the approach of either omitting the missing portions or inferring it as part of expectation-maximization, which tends to be slow and prone to local optima. We present a new method that generalizes the well-known Bayesian maximum-a-posteriori (MAP) IRL method by marginalizing the occluded portions of the trajectory. This is additionally extended with an observation model to account for perception noise. We show that the marginal MAP (MMAP) approach significantly improves on the previous IRL technique under occlusion in both formative evaluations on a toy problem and in a summative evaluation on an onion sorting line task by a robot.      
### 60.Towards Non-Line-of-Sight Photography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07783.pdf)
>  Non-line-of-sight (NLOS) imaging is based on capturing the multi-bounce indirect reflections from the hidden objects. Active NLOS imaging systems rely on the capture of the time of flight of light through the scene, and have shown great promise for the accurate and robust reconstruction of hidden scenes without the need for specialized scene setups and prior assumptions. Despite that existing methods can reconstruct 3D geometries of the hidden scene with excellent depth resolution, accurately recovering object textures and appearance with high lateral resolution remains an challenging problem. In this work, we propose a new problem formulation, called NLOS photography, to specifically address this deficiency. Rather than performing an intermediate estimate of the 3D scene geometry, our method follows a data-driven approach and directly reconstructs 2D images of a NLOS scene that closely resemble the pictures taken with a conventional camera from the location of the relay wall. This formulation largely simplifies the challenging reconstruction problem by bypassing the explicit modeling of 3D geometry, and enables the learning of a deep model with a relatively small training dataset. The results are NLOS reconstructions of unprecedented lateral resolution and image quality.      
### 61.End-to-End Partially Observable Visual Navigation in a Diverse Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07752.pdf)
>  How can a robot navigate successfully in a rich and diverse environment, indoors or outdoors, along an office corridor or a trail in the park, on the flat ground, the staircase, or the elevator, etc.? To this end, this work aims at three challenges: (i) complex visual observations, (ii) partial observability of local sensing, and (iii) multimodal navigation behaviors that depend on both the local environment and the high-level goal. We propose a novel neural network (NN) architecture to represent a local controller and leverage the flexibility of the end-to-end approach to learn a powerful policy. To tackle complex visual observations, we extract multiscale spatial information through convolution layers. To deal with partial observability, we encode rich history information in LSTM-like modules. Importantly, we integrate the two into a single unified architecture that exploits convolutional memory cells to track the observation history at multiple spatial scales, which can capture the complex spatiotemporal dependencies between observations and controls. We additionally condition the network on the high-level goal in order to generate different navigation behavior modes. Specifically, we propose to use independent memory cells for different modes to prevent mode collapse in the learned policy. We implemented the NN controller on the SPOT robot and evaluate it on three challenging tasks with partial observations: adversarial pedestrian avoidance, blind-spot obstacle avoidance, and elevator riding. Our model significantly outperforms CNNs, conventional LSTMs, or the ablated versions of our model. A demo video will be publicly available, showing our SPOT robot traversing many different locations on our university campus.      
### 62.A Comparative Study of Machine Learning Methods for Predicting the Evolution of Brain Connectivity from a Baseline Timepoint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07739.pdf)
>  Predicting the evolution of the brain network, also called connectome, by foreseeing changes in the connectivity weights linking pairs of anatomical regions makes it possible to spot connectivity-related neurological disorders in earlier stages and detect the development of potential connectomic anomalies. Remarkably, such a challenging prediction problem remains least explored in the predictive connectomics literature. It is a known fact that machine learning (ML) methods have proven their predictive abilities in a wide variety of computer vision problems. However, ML techniques specifically tailored for the prediction of brain connectivity evolution trajectory from a single timepoint are almost absent. To fill this gap, we organized a Kaggle competition where 20 competing teams designed advanced machine learning pipelines for predicting the brain connectivity evolution from a single timepoint. The competing teams developed their ML pipelines with a combination of data pre-processing, dimensionality reduction, and learning methods. Utilizing an inclusive evaluation approach, we ranked the methods based on two complementary evaluation metrics (mean absolute error (MAE) and Pearson Correlation Coefficient (PCC)) and their performances using different training and testing data perturbation strategies (single random split and cross-validation). The final rank was calculated using the rank product for each competing team across all evaluation measures and validation strategies. In support of open science, the developed 20 ML pipelines along with the connectomic dataset are made available on GitHub. The outcomes of this competition are anticipated to lead to the further development of predictive models that can foresee the evolution of brain connectivity over time, as well as other types of networks (e.g., genetic networks).      
### 63.DeepMTS: Deep Multi-task Learning for Survival Prediction in Patients with Advanced Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma using Pretreatment PET/CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07711.pdf)
>  Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma (NPC) is a worldwide malignant epithelial cancer. Survival prediction is a major concern for NPC patients, as it provides early prognostic information that is needed to guide treatments. Recently, deep learning, which leverages Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) to learn deep representations of image patterns, has been introduced to the survival prediction in various cancers including NPC. It has been reported that image-derived end-to-end deep survival models have the potential to outperform clinical prognostic indicators and traditional radiomics-based survival models in prognostic performance. However, deep survival models, especially 3D models, require large image training data to avoid overfitting. Unfortunately, medical image data is usually scarce, especially for Positron Emission Tomography/Computed Tomography (PET/CT) due to the high cost of PET/CT scanning. Compared to Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) or Computed Tomography (CT) providing only anatomical information of tumors, PET/CT that provides both anatomical (from CT) and metabolic (from PET) information is promising to achieve more accurate survival prediction. However, we have not identified any 3D end-to-end deep survival model that applies to small PET/CT data of NPC patients. In this study, we introduced the concept of multi-task leaning into deep survival models to address the overfitting problem resulted from small data. Tumor segmentation was incorporated as an auxiliary task to enhance the model's efficiency of learning from scarce PET/CT data. Based on this idea, we proposed a 3D end-to-end Deep Multi-Task Survival model (DeepMTS) for joint survival prediction and tumor segmentation. Our DeepMTS can jointly learn survival prediction and tumor segmentation using PET/CT data of only 170 patients with advanced NPC.      
### 64.Exploiting Activation based Gradient Output Sparsity to Accelerate Backpropagation in CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07710.pdf)
>  Machine/deep-learning (ML/DL) based techniques are emerging as a driving force behind many cutting-edge technologies, achieving high accuracy on computer vision workloads such as image classification and object detection. However, training these models involving large parameters is both time-consuming and energy-hogging. In this regard, several prior works have advocated for sparsity to speed up the of DL training and more so, the inference phase. This work begins with the observation that during training, sparsity in the forward and backward passes are correlated. In that context, we investigate two types of sparsity (input and output type) inherent in gradient descent-based optimization algorithms and propose a hardware micro-architecture to leverage the same. Our experimental results use five state-of-the-art CNN models on the Imagenet dataset, and show back propagation speedups in the range of 1.69$\times$ to 5.43$\times$, compared to the dense baseline execution. By exploiting sparsity in both the forward and backward passes, speedup improvements range from 1.68$\times$ to 3.30$\times$ over the sparsity-agnostic baseline execution. Our work also achieves significant reduction in training iteration time over several previously proposed dense as well as sparse accelerator based platforms, in addition to achieving order of magnitude energy efficiency improvements over GPU based execution.      
### 65.ROS-X-Habitat: Bridging the ROS Ecosystem with Embodied AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07703.pdf)
>  We introduce ROS-X-Habitat, a software interface that bridges the AI Habitat platform for embodied reinforcement learning agents with other robotics resources via ROS. This interface not only offers standardized communication protocols between embodied agents and simulators, but also enables physics-based simulation. With this interface, roboticists are able to train their own Habitat RL agents in another simulation environment or to develop their own robotic algorithms inside Habitat Sim. Through in silico experiments, we demonstrate that ROS-X-Habitat has minimal impact on the navigation performance and simulation speed of Habitat agents; that a standard set of ROS mapping, planning and navigation tools can run in the Habitat simulator, and that a Habitat agent can run in the standard ROS simulator Gazebo.      
### 66.A Multi-Task Cross-Task Learning Architecture for Ad-hoc Uncertainty Estimation in 3D Cardiac MRI Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07702.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation has significantly benefitted thanks to deep learning architectures. Furthermore, semi-supervised learning (SSL) has recently been a growing trend for improving a model's overall performance by leveraging abundant unlabeled data. Moreover, learning multiple tasks within the same model further improves model generalizability. To generate smoother and accurate segmentation masks from 3D cardiac MR images, we present a Multi-task Cross-task learning consistency approach to enforce the correlation between the pixel-level (segmentation) and the geometric-level (distance map) tasks. Our extensive experimentation with varied quantities of labeled data in the training sets justifies the effectiveness of our model for the segmentation of the left atrial cavity from Gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance (GE-MR) images. With the incorporation of uncertainty estimates to detect failures in the segmentation masks generated by CNNs, our study further showcases the potential of our model to flag low-quality segmentation from a given model.      
### 67.A Framework for Multisensory Foresight for Embodied Agents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07561.pdf)
>  Predicting future sensory states is crucial for learning agents such as robots, drones, and autonomous vehicles. In this paper, we couple multiple sensory modalities with exploratory actions and propose a predictive neural network architecture to address this problem. Most existing approaches rely on large, manually annotated datasets, or only use visual data as a single modality. In contrast, the unsupervised method presented here uses multi-modal perceptions for predicting future visual frames. As a result, the proposed model is more comprehensive and can better capture the spatio-temporal dynamics of the environment, leading to more accurate visual frame prediction. The other novelty of our framework is the use of sub-networks dedicated to anticipating future haptic, audio, and tactile signals. The framework was tested and validated with a dataset containing 4 sensory modalities (vision, haptic, audio, and tactile) on a humanoid robot performing 9 behaviors multiple times on a large set of objects. While the visual information is the dominant modality, utilizing the additional non-visual modalities improves the accuracy of predictions.      
### 68.A Pathology Deep Learning System Capable of Triage of Melanoma Specimens Utilizing Dermatopathologist Consensus as Ground Truth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07554.pdf)
>  Although melanoma occurs more rarely than several other skin cancers, patients' long term survival rate is extremely low if the diagnosis is missed. Diagnosis is complicated by a high discordance rate among pathologists when distinguishing between melanoma and benign melanocytic lesions. A tool that allows pathology labs to sort and prioritize melanoma cases in their workflow could improve turnaround time by prioritizing challenging cases and routing them directly to the appropriate subspecialist. We present a pathology deep learning system (PDLS) that performs hierarchical classification of digitized whole slide image (WSI) specimens into six classes defined by their morphological characteristics, including classification of "Melanocytic Suspect" specimens likely representing melanoma or severe dysplastic nevi. We trained the system on 7,685 images from a single lab (the reference lab), including the the largest set of triple-concordant melanocytic specimens compiled to date, and tested the system on 5,099 images from two distinct validation labs. We achieved Area Underneath the ROC Curve (AUC) values of 0.93 classifying Melanocytic Suspect specimens on the reference lab, 0.95 on the first validation lab, and 0.82 on the second validation lab. We demonstrate that the PDLS is capable of automatically sorting and triaging skin specimens with high sensitivity to Melanocytic Suspect cases and that a pathologist would only need between 30% and 60% of the caseload to address all melanoma specimens.      
### 69.Learning the Regularization in DCE-MR Image Reconstruction for Functional Imaging of Kidneys  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07548.pdf)
>  Kidney DCE-MRI aims at both qualitative assessment of kidney anatomy and quantitative assessment of kidney function by estimating the tracer kinetic (TK) model parameters. Accurate estimation of TK model parameters requires an accurate measurement of the arterial input function (AIF) with high temporal resolution. Accelerated imaging is used to achieve high temporal resolution, which yields under-sampling artifacts in the reconstructed images. Compressed sensing (CS) methods offer a variety of reconstruction options. Most commonly, sparsity of temporal differences is encouraged for regularization to reduce artifacts. Increasing regularization in CS methods removes the ambient artifacts but also over-smooths the signal temporally which reduces the parameter estimation accuracy. In this work, we propose a single image trained deep neural network to reduce MRI under-sampling artifacts without reducing the accuracy of functional imaging markers. Instead of regularizing with a penalty term in optimization, we promote regularization by generating images from a lower dimensional representation. In this manuscript we motivate and explain the lower dimensional input design. We compare our approach to CS reconstructions with multiple regularization weights. Proposed approach results in kidney biomarkers that are highly correlated with the ground truth markers estimated using the CS reconstruction which was optimized for functional analysis. At the same time, the proposed approach reduces the artifacts in the reconstructed images.      
### 70.Federated Contrastive Learning for Decentralized Unlabeled Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07504.pdf)
>  A label-efficient paradigm in computer vision is based on self-supervised contrastive pre-training on unlabeled data followed by fine-tuning with a small number of labels. Making practical use of a federated computing environment in the clinical domain and learning on medical images poses specific challenges. In this work, we propose FedMoCo, a robust federated contrastive learning (FCL) framework, which makes efficient use of decentralized unlabeled medical data. FedMoCo has two novel modules: metadata transfer, an inter-node statistical data augmentation module, and self-adaptive aggregation, an aggregation module based on representational similarity analysis. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first FCL work on medical images. Our experiments show that FedMoCo can consistently outperform FedAvg, a seminal federated learning framework, in extracting meaningful representations for downstream tasks. We further show that FedMoCo can substantially reduce the amount of labeled data required in a downstream task, such as COVID-19 detection, to achieve a reasonable performance.      
