# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 30 Sep 2021
### 1.Robust Temporal Ensembling for Learning with Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14563.pdf)
>  Successful training of deep neural networks with noisy labels is an essential capability as most real-world datasets contain some amount of mislabeled data. Left unmitigated, label noise can sharply degrade typical supervised learning approaches. In this paper, we present robust temporal ensembling (RTE), which combines robust loss with semi-supervised regularization methods to achieve noise-robust learning. We demonstrate that RTE achieves state-of-the-art performance across the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, ImageNet, WebVision, and Food-101N datasets, while forgoing the recent trend of label filtering and/or fixing. Finally, we show that RTE also retains competitive corruption robustness to unforeseen input noise using CIFAR-10-C, obtaining a mean corruption error (mCE) of 13.50% even in the presence of an 80% noise ratio, versus 26.9% mCE with standard methods on clean data.      
### 2.Detailed Region-Adaptive Normalization for Heavy Makeup Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14525.pdf)
>  In recent years, facial makeup transfer has attracted growing attention due to its efficiency and flexibility in transferring makeup styles between different faces. Although recent works have achieved realistic results, most of them fail to handle heavy makeup styles with multiple colors and subtle details. Hence we propose a novel GAN model to handle heavy makeup transfer, while maintaining the robustness to different poses and expressions. Firstly, a Makeup Multi-Extraction Network is introduced to learn region-wise makeup features from multiple layers. Then, a key transferring module called Detailed Region-Adaptive Normalization is proposed to fuse different levels of makeup styles in an adaptive way, making great improvement to the quality of heavy makeup transfer. With the outputs from the two components, Makeup Transfer Network is used to perform makeup transfer. To evaluate the efficacy of our proposed method, we collected a new makeup dataset containing a wide range of heavy styles. Experiments show that our method achieves state-of-the-art results both on light and heavy makeup styles, and is robust to different poses and expressions.      
### 3.Generative Probabilistic Image Colorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14518.pdf)
>  We propose Generative Probabilistic Image Colorization, a diffusion-based generative process that trains a sequence of probabilistic models to reverse each step of noise corruption. Given a line-drawing image as input, our method suggests multiple candidate colorized images. Therefore, our method accounts for the ill-posed nature of the colorization problem. We conducted comprehensive experiments investigating the colorization of line-drawing images, report the influence of a score-based MCMC approach that corrects the marginal distribution of estimated samples, and further compare different combinations of models and the similarity of their generated images. Despite using only a relatively small training dataset, we experimentally develop a method to generate multiple diverse colorization candidates which avoids mode collapse and does not require any additional constraints, losses, or re-training with alternative training conditions. Our proposed approach performed well not only on color-conditional image generation tasks using biased initial values, but also on some practical image completion and inpainting tasks.      
### 4.CCTrans: Simplifying and Improving Crowd Counting with Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14483.pdf)
>  Most recent methods used for crowd counting are based on the convolutional neural network (CNN), which has a strong ability to extract local features. But CNN inherently fails in modeling the global context due to the limited receptive fields. However, the transformer can model the global context easily. In this paper, we propose a simple approach called CCTrans to simplify the design pipeline. Specifically, we utilize a pyramid vision transformer backbone to capture the global crowd information, a pyramid feature aggregation (PFA) model to combine low-level and high-level features, an efficient regression head with multi-scale dilated convolution (MDC) to predict density maps. Besides, we tailor the loss functions for our pipeline. Without bells and whistles, extensive experiments demonstrate that our method achieves new state-of-the-art results on several benchmarks both in weakly and fully-supervised crowd counting. Moreover, we currently rank No.1 on the leaderboard of NWPU-Crowd. Our code will be made available.      
### 5.Programmable Spectral Filter Arrays for Hyperspectral Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14450.pdf)
>  Modulating the spectral dimension of light has numerous applications in computational imaging. While there are many techniques for achieving this, there are few, if any, for implementing a spatially-varying and programmable spectral filter. This paper provides an optical design for implementing such a capability. Our key insight is that spatially-varying spectral modulation can be implemented using a liquid crystal spatial light modulator since it provides an array of liquid crystal cells, each of which can be purposed to act as a programmable spectral filter array. Relying on this insight, we provide an optical schematic and an associated lab prototype for realizing the capability, as well as address the associated challenges at implementation using optical and computational innovations. We show a number of unique operating points with our prototype including single- and multi-image hyperspectral imaging, as well as its application in material identification.      
### 6.One Loss for All: Deep Hashing with a Single Cosine Similarity based Learning Objective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14449.pdf)
>  A deep hashing model typically has two main learning objectives: to make the learned binary hash codes discriminative and to minimize a quantization error. With further constraints such as bit balance and code orthogonality, it is not uncommon for existing models to employ a large number (&gt;4) of losses. This leads to difficulties in model training and subsequently impedes their effectiveness. In this work, we propose a novel deep hashing model with only a single learning objective. Specifically, we show that maximizing the cosine similarity between the continuous codes and their corresponding binary orthogonal codes can ensure both hash code discriminativeness and quantization error minimization. Further, with this learning objective, code balancing can be achieved by simply using a Batch Normalization (BN) layer and multi-label classification is also straightforward with label smoothing. The result is an one-loss deep hashing model that removes all the hassles of tuning the weights of various losses. Importantly, extensive experiments show that our model is highly effective, outperforming the state-of-the-art multi-loss hashing models on three large-scale instance retrieval benchmarks, often by significant margins. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kamwoh/orthohash" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 7.Neural Knitworks: Patched Neural Implicit Representation Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14406.pdf)
>  Coordinate-based Multilayer Perceptron (MLP) networks, despite being capable of learning neural implicit representations, are not performant for internal image synthesis applications. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are typically used instead for a variety of internal generative tasks, at the cost of a larger model. We propose Neural Knitwork, an architecture for neural implicit representation learning of natural images that achieves image synthesis by optimizing the distribution of image patches in an adversarial manner and by enforcing consistency between the patch predictions. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first implementation of a coordinate-based MLP tailored for synthesis tasks such as image inpainting, super-resolution, and denoising. We demonstrate the utility of the proposed technique by training on these three tasks. The results show that modeling natural images using patches, rather than pixels, produces results of higher fidelity. The resulting model requires 80% fewer parameters than alternative CNN-based solutions while achieving comparable performance and training time.      
### 8.UFO-ViT: High Performance Linear Vision Transformer without Softmax  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14382.pdf)
>  Vision transformers have become one of the most important models for computer vision tasks. While they outperform earlier convolutional networks, the complexity quadratic to $N$ is one of the major drawbacks when using traditional self-attention algorithms. Here we propose the UFO-ViT(Unit Force Operated Vision Trnasformer), novel method to reduce the computations of self-attention by eliminating some non-linearity. Modifying few of lines from self-attention, UFO-ViT achieves linear complexity without the degradation of performance. The proposed models outperform most transformer-based models on image classification and dense prediction tasks through most capacity regime.      
### 9.Infrared Small-Dim Target Detection with Transformer under Complex Backgrounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14379.pdf)
>  The infrared small-dim target detection is one of the key techniques in the infrared search and tracking system. Since the local regions which similar to infrared small-dim targets spread over the whole background, exploring the interaction information amongst image features in large-range dependencies to mine the difference between the target and background is crucial for robust detection. However, existing deep learning-based methods are limited by the locality of convolutional neural networks, which impairs the ability to capture large-range dependencies. To this end, we propose a new infrared small-dim target detection method with the transformer. We adopt the self-attention mechanism of the transformer to learn the interaction information of image features in a larger range. Additionally, we design a feature enhancement module to learn more features of small-dim targets. After that, we adopt a decoder with the U-Net-like skip connection operation to get the detection result. Extensive experiments on two public datasets show the obvious superiority of the proposed method over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 10.Three-Stream 3D/1D CNN for Fine-Grained Action Classification and Segmentation in Table Tennis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14306.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a fusion method of modalities extracted from video through a three-stream network with spatio-temporal and temporal convolutions for fine-grained action classification in sport. It is applied to TTStroke-21 dataset which consists of untrimmed videos of table tennis games. The goal is to detect and classify table tennis strokes in the videos, the first step of a bigger scheme aiming at giving feedback to the players for improving their performance. The three modalities are raw RGB data, the computed optical flow and the estimated pose of the player. The network consists of three branches with attention blocks. Features are fused at the latest stage of the network using bilinear layers. Compared to previous approaches, the use of three modalities allows faster convergence and better performances on both tasks: classification of strokes with known temporal boundaries and joint segmentation and classification. The pose is also further investigated in order to offer richer feedback to the athletes.      
### 11.Localizing Objects with Self-Supervised Transformers and no Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14279.pdf)
>  Localizing objects in image collections without supervision can help to avoid expensive annotation campaigns. We propose a simple approach to this problem, that leverages the activation features of a vision transformer pre-trained in a self-supervised manner. Our method, LOST, does not require any external object proposal nor any exploration of the image collection; it operates on a single image. Yet, we outperform state-of-the-art object discovery methods by up to 8 CorLoc points on PASCAL VOC 2012. We also show that training a class-agnostic detector on the discovered objects boosts results by another 7 points. Moreover, we show promising results on the unsupervised object discovery task. The code to reproduce our results can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/valeoai/LOST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation Based on Pixel Alignment and Self-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14219.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an unsupervised cross-modality domain adaptation approach based on pixel alignment and self-training. Pixel alignment transfers ceT1 scans to hrT2 modality, helping to reduce domain shift in the training segmentation model. Self-training adapts the decision boundary of the segmentation network to fit the distribution of hrT2 scans. Experiment results show that PAST has outperformed the non-UDA baseline significantly, and it received rank-2 on CrossMoDA validation phase Leaderboard with a mean Dice score of 0.8395.      
### 13.On Brightness Agnostic Adversarial Examples Against Face Recognition Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14205.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel adversarial example generation method against face recognition systems (FRSs). An adversarial example (AX) is an image with deliberately crafted noise to cause incorrect predictions by a target system. The AXs generated from our method remain robust under real-world brightness changes. Our method performs non-linear brightness transformations while leveraging the concept of curriculum learning during the attack generation procedure. We demonstrate that our method outperforms conventional techniques from comprehensive experimental investigations in the digital and physical world. Furthermore, this method enables practical risk assessment of FRSs against brightness agnostic AXs.      
### 14.Identity-Expression Ambiguity in 3D Morphable Face Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14203.pdf)
>  3D Morphable Models are a class of generative models commonly used to model faces. They are typically applied to ill-posed problems such as 3D reconstruction from 2D data. Several ambiguities in this problem's image formation process have been studied explicitly. We demonstrate that non-orthogonality of the variation in identity and expression can cause identity-expression ambiguity in 3D Morphable Models, and that in practice expression and identity are far from orthogonal and can explain each other surprisingly well. Whilst previously reported ambiguities only arise in an inverse rendering setting, identity-expression ambiguity emerges in the 3D shape generation process itself. We demonstrate this effect with 3D shapes directly as well as through an inverse rendering task, and use two popular models built from high quality 3D scans as well as a model built from a large collection of 2D images and videos. We explore this issue's implications for inverse rendering and observe that it cannot be resolved by a purely statistical prior on identity and expression deformations.      
### 15.WEDGE: Web-Image Assisted Domain Generalization for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14196.pdf)
>  Domain generalization for semantic segmentation is highly demanded in real applications, where a trained model is expected to work well in previously unseen domains. One challenge lies in the lack of data which could cover the diverse distributions of the possible unseen domains for training. In this paper, we propose a WEb-image assisted Domain GEneralization (WEDGE) scheme, which is the first to exploit the diversity of web-crawled images for generalizable semantic segmentation. To explore and exploit the real-world data distributions, we collect a web-crawled dataset which presents large diversity in terms of weather conditions, sites, lighting, camera styles, etc. We also present a method which injects the style representation of the web-crawled data into the source domain on-the-fly during training, which enables the network to experience images of diverse styles with reliable labels for effective training. Moreover, we use the web-crawled dataset with predicted pseudo labels for training to further enhance the capability of the network. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method clearly outperforms existing domain generalization techniques.      
### 16.REFLACX, a dataset of reports and eye-tracking data for localization of abnormalities in chest x-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14187.pdf)
>  Deep learning has shown recent success in classifying anomalies in chest x-rays, but datasets are still small compared to natural image datasets. Supervision of abnormality localization has been shown to improve trained models, partially compensating for dataset sizes. However, explicitly labeling these anomalies requires an expert and is very time-consuming. We propose a method for collecting implicit localization data using an eye tracker to capture gaze locations and a microphone to capture a dictation of a report, imitating the setup of a reading room, and potentially scalable for large datasets. The resulting REFLACX (Reports and Eye-Tracking Data for Localization of Abnormalities in Chest X-rays) dataset was labeled by five radiologists and contains 3,032 synchronized sets of eye-tracking data and timestamped report transcriptions. We also provide bounding boxes around lungs and heart and validation labels consisting of ellipses localizing abnormalities and image-level labels. Furthermore, a small subset of the data contains readings from all radiologists, allowing for the calculation of inter-rater scores.      
### 17.TSAMT: Time-Series-Analysis-based Motion Transfer among Multiple Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14174.pdf)
>  Along with advances in optical sensors is the common practice of building an imaging system with heterogeneous cameras. While high-resolution (HR) videos acquisition and analysis are benefited from hybrid sensors, the intrinsic characteristics of multiple cameras lead to an interesting motion transfer problem. Unfortunately, most of the existing methods provide no theoretical analysis and require intensive training data. In this paper, we propose an algorithm using time series analysis for motion transfer among multiple cameras. Specifically, we firstly identify seasonality in motion data and then build an addictive time series model to extract patterns that could be transferred across cameras. Our approach has a complete and clear mathematical formulation, thus being efficient and interpretable. Through quantitative evaluations on real-world data, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. Furthermore, our motion transfer algorithm could combine with and facilitate downstream tasks, e.g., enhancing pose estimation on LR videos with inherent patterns extracted from HR ones. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IndigoPurple/TSAMT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Semantic Communications With AI Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14170.pdf)
>  A radical paradigm shift of wireless networks from ``connected things'' to ``connected intelligence'' undergoes, which coincides with the Shanno and Weaver's envisions: Communications will transform from the technical level to the semantic level. This article proposes a semantic communication method with artificial intelligence tasks (SC-AIT). First, the architecture of SC-AIT is elaborated. Then, based on the proposed architecture, we implement SC-AIT for a image classifications task. A prototype of SC-AIT is also established for surface defect detection, is conducted. Experimental results show that SC-AIT has much lower bandwidth requirements, and can achieve more than $40\%$ classification accuracy gains compared with the communications at the technical level. Future trends and key challenges for semantic communications are also identified.      
### 19.Hybrid Dynamic Contrast and Probability Distillation for Unsupervised Person Re-Id  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14157.pdf)
>  Unsupervised person re-identification (Re-Id) has attracted increasing attention due to its practical application in the read-world video surveillance system. The traditional unsupervised Re-Id are mostly based on the method alternating between clustering and fine-tuning with the classification or metric learning objectives on the grouped clusters. However, since person Re-Id is an open-set problem, the clustering based methods often leave out lots of outlier instances or group the instances into the wrong clusters, thus they can not make full use of the training samples as a whole. To solve these problems, we present the hybrid dynamic cluster contrast and probability distillation algorithm. It formulates the unsupervised Re-Id problem into an unified local-to-global dynamic contrastive learning and self-supervised probability distillation framework. Specifically, the proposed method can make the utmost of the self-supervised signals of all the clustered and un-clustered instances, from both the instances' self-contrastive level and the probability distillation respective, in the memory-based non-parametric manner. Besides, the proposed hybrid local-to-global contrastive learning can take full advantage of the informative and valuable training examples for effective and robust training. Extensive experiment results show that the proposed method achieves superior performances to state-of-the-art methods, under both the purely unsupervised and unsupervised domain adaptation experiment settings.      
### 20.Geometry-Entangled Visual Semantic Transformer for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14137.pdf)
>  Recent advancements of image captioning have featured Visual-Semantic Fusion or Geometry-Aid attention refinement. However, those fusion-based models, they are still criticized for the lack of geometry information for inter and intra attention refinement. On the other side, models based on Geometry-Aid attention still suffer from the modality gap between visual and semantic information. In this paper, we introduce a novel Geometry-Entangled Visual Semantic Transformer (GEVST) network to realize the complementary advantages of Visual-Semantic Fusion and Geometry-Aid attention refinement. Concretely, a Dense-Cap model proposes some dense captions with corresponding geometry information at first. Then, to empower GEVST with the ability to bridge the modality gap among visual and semantic information, we build four parallel transformer encoders VV(Pure Visual), VS(Semantic fused to Visual), SV(Visual fused to Semantic), SS(Pure Semantic) for final caption generation. Both visual and semantic geometry features are used in the Fusion module and also the Self-Attention module for better attention measurement. To validate our model, we conduct extensive experiments on the MS-COCO dataset, the experimental results show that our GEVST model can obtain promising performance gains.      
### 21.Improved Xception with Dual Attention Mechanism and Feature Fusion for Face Forgery Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14136.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of deep learning technology, more and more face forgeries by deepfake are widely spread on social media, causing serious social concern. Face forgery detection has become a research hotspot in recent years, and many related methods have been proposed until now. For those images with low quality and/or diverse sources, however, the detection performances of existing methods are still far from satisfactory. In this paper, we propose an improved Xception with dual attention mechanism and feature fusion for face forgery detection. Different from the middle flow in original Xception model, we try to catch different high-semantic features of the face images using different levels of convolution, and introduce the convolutional block attention module and feature fusion to refine and reorganize those high-semantic features. In the exit flow, we employ the self-attention mechanism and depthwise separable convolution to learn the global information and local information of the fused features separately to improve the classification the ability of the proposed model. Experimental results evaluated on three Deepfake datasets demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms Xception as well as other related methods both in effectiveness and generalization ability.      
### 22.Fine-Grained Zero-Shot Learning with DNA as Side Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14133.pdf)
>  Fine-grained zero-shot learning task requires some form of side-information to transfer discriminative information from seen to unseen classes. As manually annotated visual attributes are extremely costly and often impractical to obtain for a large number of classes, in this study we use DNA as side information for the first time for fine-grained zero-shot classification of species. Mitochondrial DNA plays an important role as a genetic marker in evolutionary biology and has been used to achieve near-perfect accuracy in the species classification of living organisms. We implement a simple hierarchical Bayesian model that uses DNA information to establish the hierarchy in the image space and employs local priors to define surrogate classes for unseen ones. On the benchmark CUB dataset, we show that DNA can be equally promising yet in general a more accessible alternative than word vectors as a side information. This is especially important as obtaining robust word representations for fine-grained species names is not a practicable goal when information about these species in free-form text is limited. On a newly compiled fine-grained insect dataset that uses DNA information from over a thousand species, we show that the Bayesian approach outperforms state-of-the-art by a wide margin.      
### 23.Contrastive Video-Language Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14131.pdf)
>  We focus on the problem of segmenting a certain object referred by a natural language sentence in video content, at the core of formulating a pinpoint vision-language relation. While existing attempts mainly construct such relation in an implicit way, i.e., grid-level multi-modal feature fusion, it has been proven problematic to distinguish semantically similar objects under this paradigm. In this work, we propose to interwind the visual and linguistic modalities in an explicit way via the contrastive learning objective, which directly aligns the referred object and the language description and separates the unreferred content apart across frames. Moreover, to remedy for the degradation problem, we present two complementary hard instance mining strategies, i.e., Language-relevant Channel Filter and Relative Hard Instance Construction. They encourage the network to exclude visual-distinguishable feature and to focus on easy-confused objects during the contrastive training. Extensive experiments on two benchmarks, i.e., A2D Sentences and J-HMDB Sentences, quantitatively demonstrate the state-of-the-arts performance of our method and qualitatively show the more accurate distinguishment between semantically similar objects over baselines.      
### 24.Grouptron: Dynamic Multi-Scale Graph Convolutional Networks for Group-Aware Dense Crowd Trajectory Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14128.pdf)
>  Accurate, long-term forecasting of human pedestrian trajectories in highly dynamic and interactive scenes is a long-standing challenge. Recent advances in using data-driven approaches have achieved significant improvements in terms of prediction accuracy. However, the lack of group-aware analysis has limited the performance of forecasting models. This is especially apparent in highly populated scenes, where pedestrians are moving in groups and the interactions between groups are extremely complex and dynamic. In this paper, we present Grouptron, a multi-scale dynamic forecasting framework that leverages pedestrian group detection and utilizes individual-level, group-level, and scene-level information for better understanding and representation of the scenes. Our approach employs spatio-temporal clustering algorithms to identify pedestrian groups, creates spatio-temporal graphs at the individual, group, and scene levels. It then uses graph neural networks to encode dynamics at different scales and incorporates encoding across different scales for trajectory prediction. We carried out extensive comparisons and ablation experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. Our method achieves 9.3% decrease in final displacement error (FDE) compared with state-of-the-art methods on ETH/UCY benchmark datasets, and 16.1% decrease in FDE in more crowded scenes where extensive human group interactions are more frequently present.      
### 25.Visually Grounded Concept Composition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14115.pdf)
>  We investigate ways to compose complex concepts in texts from primitive ones while grounding them in images. We propose Concept and Relation Graph (CRG), which builds on top of constituency analysis and consists of recursively combined concepts with predicate functions. Meanwhile, we propose a concept composition neural network called Composer to leverage the CRG for visually grounded concept learning. Specifically, we learn the grounding of both primitive and all composed concepts by aligning them to images and show that learning to compose leads to more robust grounding results, measured in text-to-image matching accuracy. Notably, our model can model grounded concepts forming at both the finer-grained sentence level and the coarser-grained intermediate level (or word-level). Composer leads to pronounced improvement in matching accuracy when the evaluation data has significant compound divergence from the training data.      
### 26.VideoCLIP: Contrastive Pre-training for Zero-shot Video-Text Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14084.pdf)
>  We present VideoCLIP, a contrastive approach to pre-train a unified model for zero-shot video and text understanding, without using any labels on downstream tasks. VideoCLIP trains a transformer for video and text by contrasting temporally overlapping positive video-text pairs with hard negatives from nearest neighbor retrieval. Our experiments on a diverse series of downstream tasks, including sequence-level text-video retrieval, VideoQA, token-level action localization, and action segmentation reveal state-of-the-art performance, surpassing prior work, and in some cases even outperforming supervised approaches. Code is made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq/examples/MMPT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Deep Unrolled Recovery in Sparse Biological Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14025.pdf)
>  Deep algorithm unrolling has emerged as a powerful model-based approach to develop deep architectures that combine the interpretability of iterative algorithms with the performance gains of supervised deep learning, especially in cases of sparse optimization. This framework is well-suited to applications in biological imaging, where physics-based models exist to describe the measurement process and the information to be recovered is often highly structured. Here, we review the method of deep unrolling, and show how it improves source localization in several biological imaging settings.      
### 28.Y-GAN: Learning Dual Data Representations for Efficient Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14020.pdf)
>  We propose a novel reconstruction-based model for anomaly detection, called Y-GAN. The model consists of a Y-shaped auto-encoder and represents images in two separate latent spaces. The first captures meaningful image semantics, key for representing (normal) training data, whereas the second encodes low-level residual image characteristics. To ensure the dual representations encode mutually exclusive information, a disentanglement procedure is designed around a latent (proxy) classifier. Additionally, a novel consistency loss is proposed to prevent information leakage between the latent spaces. The model is trained in a one-class learning setting using normal training data only. Due to the separation of semantically-relevant and residual information, Y-GAN is able to derive informative data representations that allow for efficient anomaly detection across a diverse set of anomaly detection tasks. The model is evaluated in comprehensive experiments with several recent anomaly detection models using four popular datasets, i.e., MNIST, FMNIST and CIFAR10, and PlantVillage.      
### 29.One-shot Key Information Extraction from Document with Deep Partial Graph Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13967.pdf)
>  Automating the Key Information Extraction (KIE) from documents improves efficiency, productivity, and security in many industrial scenarios such as rapid indexing and archiving. Many existing supervised learning methods for the KIE task need to feed a large number of labeled samples and learn separate models for different types of documents. However, collecting and labeling a large dataset is time-consuming and is not a user-friendly requirement for many cloud platforms. To overcome these challenges, we propose a deep end-to-end trainable network for one-shot KIE using partial graph matching. Contrary to previous methods that the learning of similarity and solving are optimized separately, our method enables the learning of the two processes in an end-to-end framework. Existing one-shot KIE methods are either template or simple attention-based learning approach that struggle to handle texts that are shifted beyond their desired positions caused by printers, as illustrated in Fig.1. To solve this problem, we add one-to-(at most)-one constraint such that we will find the globally optimized solution even if some texts are drifted. Further, we design a multimodal context ensemble block to boost the performance through fusing features of spatial, textual, and aspect representations. To promote research of KIE, we collected and annotated a one-shot document KIE dataset named DKIE with diverse types of images. The DKIE dataset consists of 2.5K document images captured by mobile phones in natural scenes, and it is the largest available one-shot KIE dataset up to now. The results of experiments on DKIE show that our method achieved state-of-the-art performance compared with recent one-shot and supervised learning approaches. The dataset and proposed one-shot KIE model will be released soo      
### 30.Fine-tuning Vision Transformers for the Prediction of State Variables in Ising Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13925.pdf)
>  Transformers are state-of-the-art deep learning models that are composed of stacked attention and point-wise, fully connected layers designed for handling sequential data. Transformers are not only ubiquitous throughout Natural Language Processing (NLP), but, recently, they have inspired a new wave of Computer Vision (CV) applications research. In this work, a Vision Transformer (ViT) is applied to predict the state variables of 2-dimensional Ising model simulations. Our experiments show that ViT outperform state-of-the-art Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) when using a small number of microstate images from the Ising model corresponding to various boundary conditions and temperatures. This work opens the possibility of applying ViT to other simulations, and raises interesting research directions on how attention maps can learn about the underlying physics governing different phenomena.      
### 31.Towards Flexible Blind JPEG Artifacts Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14573.pdf)
>  Training a single deep blind model to handle different quality factors for JPEG image artifacts removal has been attracting considerable attention due to its convenience for practical usage. However, existing deep blind methods usually directly reconstruct the image without predicting the quality factor, thus lacking the flexibility to control the output as the non-blind methods. To remedy this problem, in this paper, we propose a flexible blind convolutional neural network, namely FBCNN, that can predict the adjustable quality factor to control the trade-off between artifacts removal and details preservation. Specifically, FBCNN decouples the quality factor from the JPEG image via a decoupler module and then embeds the predicted quality factor into the subsequent reconstructor module through a quality factor attention block for flexible control. Besides, we find existing methods are prone to fail on non-aligned double JPEG images even with only a one-pixel shift, and we thus propose a double JPEG degradation model to augment the training data. Extensive experiments on single JPEG images, more general double JPEG images, and real-world JPEG images demonstrate that our proposed FBCNN achieves favorable performance against state-of-the-art methods in terms of both quantitative metrics and visual quality.      
### 32.Vision-Guided Quadrupedal Locomotion in the Wild with Multi-Modal Delay Randomization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14549.pdf)
>  Developing robust vision-guided controllers for quadrupedal robots in complex environments, with various obstacles, dynamical surroundings and uneven terrains, is very challenging. While Reinforcement Learning (RL) provides a promising paradigm for agile locomotion skills with vision inputs in simulation, it is still very challenging to deploy the RL policy in the real world. Our key insight is that aside from the discrepancy in the domain gap, in visual appearance between the simulation and the real world, the latency from the control pipeline is also a major cause of difficulty. In this paper, we propose Multi-Modal Delay Randomization (MMDR) to address this issue when training RL agents. Specifically, we simulate the latency of real hardware by using past observations, sampled with randomized periods, for both proprioception and vision. We train the RL policy for end-to-end control in a physical simulator without any predefined controller or reference motion, and directly deploy it on the real A1 quadruped robot running in the wild. We evaluate our method in different outdoor environments with complex terrains and obstacles. We demonstrate the robot can smoothly maneuver at a high speed, avoid the obstacles, and show significant improvement over the baselines. Our project page with videos is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://mehooz.github.io/mmdr-wild/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Multi-loss ensemble deep learning for chest X-ray classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14433.pdf)
>  Class imbalance is common in medical image classification tasks, where the number of abnormal samples is fewer than the number of normal samples. The difficulty of imbalanced classification is compounded by other issues such as the size and distribution of the dataset. Reliable training of deep neural networks continues to be a major challenge in such class-imbalanced conditions. The loss function used to train the deep neural networks highly impact the performance of both balanced and imbalanced tasks. Currently, the cross-entropy loss remains the de-facto loss function for balanced and imbalanced classification tasks. This loss, however, asserts equal learning to all classes, leading to the classification of most samples as the majority normal class. To provide a critical analysis of different loss functions and identify those suitable for class-imbalanced classification, we benchmark various state-of-the-art loss functions and propose novel loss functions to train a DL model and analyze its performance in a multiclass classification setting that classifies pediatric chest X-rays as showing normal lungs, bacterial pneumonia, or viral pneumonia manifestations. We also construct prediction-level and model-level ensembles of the models that are trained with various loss functions to improve classification performance. We performed localization studies to interpret model behavior to ensure that the individual models and their ensembles precisely learned the regions of interest showing disease manifestations to classify the chest X-rays to their respective categories.      
### 34.From Beginner to Master: A Survey for Deep Learning-based Single-Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14335.pdf)
>  Single-image super-resolution (SISR) is an important task in image processing, which aims to enhance the resolution of imaging systems. Recently, SISR has made a huge leap and has achieved promising results with the help of deep learning (DL). In this survey, we give an overview of DL-based SISR methods and group them according to their targets, such as reconstruction efficiency, reconstruction accuracy, and perceptual accuracy. Specifically, we first introduce the problem definition, research background, and the significance of SISR. Secondly, we introduce some related works, including benchmark datasets, upsampling methods, optimization objectives, and image quality assessment methods. Thirdly, we provide a detailed investigation of SISR and give some domain-specific applications of it. Fourthly, we present the reconstruction results of some classic SISR methods to intuitively know their performance. Finally, we discuss some issues that still exist in SISR and summarize some new trends and future directions. This is an exhaustive survey of SISR, which can help researchers better understand SISR and inspire more exciting research in this field. An investigation project for SISR is provided in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CV-JunchengLi/SISR-Survey" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.Self-Supervised Learning for 3D Medical Image Analysis using 3D SimCLR and Monte Carlo Dropout  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14288.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning methods can be used to learn meaningful representations from unlabeled data that can be transferred to supervised downstream tasks to reduce the need for labeled data. In this paper, we propose a 3D self-supervised method that is based on the contrastive (SimCLR) method. Additionally, we show that employing Bayesian neural networks (with Monte-Carlo Dropout) during the inference phase can further enhance the results on the downstream tasks. We showcase our models on two medical imaging segmentation tasks: i) Brain Tumor Segmentation from 3D MRI, ii) Pancreas Tumor Segmentation from 3D CT. Our experimental results demonstrate the benefits of our proposed methods in both downstream data-efficiency and performance.      
### 36.Designing Counterfactual Generators using Deep Model Inversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14274.pdf)
>  Explanation techniques that synthesize small, interpretable changes to a given image while producing desired changes in the model prediction have become popular for introspecting black-box models. Commonly referred to as counterfactuals, the synthesized explanations are required to contain discernible changes (for easy interpretability) while also being realistic (consistency to the data manifold). In this paper, we focus on the case where we have access only to the trained deep classifier and not the actual training data. While the problem of inverting deep models to synthesize images from the training distribution has been explored, our goal is to develop a deep inversion approach to generate counterfactual explanations for a given query image. Despite their effectiveness in conditional image synthesis, we show that existing deep inversion methods are insufficient for producing meaningful counterfactuals. We propose DISC (Deep Inversion for Synthesizing Counterfactuals) that improves upon deep inversion by utilizing (a) stronger image priors, (b) incorporating a novel manifold consistency objective and (c) adopting a progressive optimization strategy. We find that, in addition to producing visually meaningful explanations, the counterfactuals from DISC are effective at learning classifier decision boundaries and are robust to unknown test-time corruptions.      
### 37.Road Network Guided Fine-Grained Urban Traffic Flow Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14251.pdf)
>  Accurate inference of fine-grained traffic flow from coarse-grained one is an emerging yet crucial problem, which can help greatly reduce the number of traffic monitoring sensors for cost savings. In this work, we notice that traffic flow has a high correlation with road network, which was either completely ignored or simply treated as an external factor in previous works. To facilitate this problem, we propose a novel Road-Aware Traffic Flow Magnifier (RATFM) that explicitly exploits the prior knowledge of road networks to fully learn the road-aware spatial distribution of fine-grained traffic flow. Specifically, a multi-directional 1D convolutional layer is first introduced to extract the semantic feature of the road network. Subsequently, we incorporate the road network feature and coarse-grained flow feature to regularize the short-range spatial distribution modeling of road-relative traffic flow. Furthermore, we take the road network feature as a query to capture the long-range spatial distribution of traffic flow with a transformer architecture. Benefiting from the road-aware inference mechanism, our method can generate high-quality fine-grained traffic flow maps. Extensive experiments on three real-world datasets show that the proposed RATFM outperforms state-of-the-art models under various scenarios.      
### 38.Multipath CNN with alpha matte inference for knee tissue segmentation from MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14249.pdf)
>  Precise segmentation of knee tissues from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is critical in quantitative imaging and diagnosis. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs), which are state of the art, have limitations owing to the lack of image-specific adaptation, such as low tissue contrasts and structural inhomogeneities, thereby leading to incomplete segmentation results. This paper presents a deep learning based automatic segmentation framework for knee tissue segmentation. A novel multipath CNN-based method is proposed, which consists of an encoder decoder-based segmentation network in combination with a low rank tensor-reconstructed segmentation network. Low rank reconstruction in MRI tensor sub-blocks is introduced to exploit the structural and morphological variations in knee tissues. To further improve the segmentation from CNNs, trimap generation, which effectively utilizes superimposed regions, is proposed for defining high, medium and low confidence regions from the multipath CNNs. The secondary path with low rank reconstructed input mitigates the conditions in which the primary segmentation network can potentially fail and overlook the boundary regions. The outcome of the segmentation is solved as an alpha matting problem by blending the trimap with the source input. Experiments on Osteoarthritis Initiative (OAI) datasets and a self prepared scan validate the effectiveness of the proposed method. We specifically demonstrate the application of the proposed method in a cartilage segmentation based thickness map for diagnosis purposes.      
### 39.Can phones, syllables, and words emerge as side-products of cross-situational audiovisual learning? -- A computational investigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14200.pdf)
>  Decades of research has studied how language learning infants learn to discriminate speech sounds, segment words, and associate words with their meanings. While gradual development of such capabilities is unquestionable, the exact nature of these skills and the underlying mental representations yet remains unclear. In parallel, computational studies have shown that basic comprehension of speech can be achieved by statistical learning between speech and concurrent referentially ambiguous visual input. These models can operate without prior linguistic knowledge such as representations of linguistic units, and without learning mechanisms specifically targeted at such units. This has raised the question of to what extent knowledge of linguistic units, such as phone(me)s, syllables, and words, could actually emerge as latent representations supporting the translation between speech and representations in other modalities, and without the units being proximal learning targets for the learner. In this study, we formulate this idea as the so-called latent language hypothesis (LLH), connecting linguistic representation learning to general predictive processing within and across sensory modalities. We review the extent that the audiovisual aspect of LLH is supported by the existing computational studies. We then explore LLH further in extensive learning simulations with different neural network models for audiovisual cross-situational learning, and comparing learning from both synthetic and real speech data. We investigate whether the latent representations learned by the networks reflect phonetic, syllabic, or lexical structure of input speech by utilizing an array of complementary evaluation metrics related to linguistic selectivity and temporal characteristics of the representations. As a result, we find that representations associated...      
### 40.Semi-Supervised Segmentation of Radiation-Induced Pulmonary Fibrosis from Lung CT Scans with Multi-Scale Guided Dense Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14172.pdf)
>  Computed Tomography (CT) plays an important role in monitoring radiation-induced Pulmonary Fibrosis (PF), where accurate segmentation of the PF lesions is highly desired for diagnosis and treatment follow-up. However, the task is challenged by ambiguous boundary, irregular shape, various position and size of the lesions, as well as the difficulty in acquiring a large set of annotated volumetric images for training. To overcome these problems, we propose a novel convolutional neural network called PF-Net and incorporate it into a semi-supervised learning framework based on Iterative Confidence-based Refinement And Weighting of pseudo Labels (I-CRAWL). Our PF-Net combines 2D and 3D convolutions to deal with CT volumes with large inter-slice spacing, and uses multi-scale guided dense attention to segment complex PF lesions. For semi-supervised learning, our I-CRAWL employs pixel-level uncertainty-based confidence-aware refinement to improve the accuracy of pseudo labels of unannotated images, and uses image-level uncertainty for confidence-based image weighting to suppress low-quality pseudo labels in an iterative training process. Extensive experiments with CT scans of Rhesus Macaques with radiation-induced PF showed that: 1) PF-Net achieved higher segmentation accuracy than existing 2D, 3D and 2.5D neural networks, and 2) I-CRAWL outperformed state-of-the-art semi-supervised learning methods for the PF lesion segmentation task. Our method has a potential to improve the diagnosis of PF and clinical assessment of side effects of radiotherapy for lung cancers.      
### 41.Multi-frame Joint Enhancement for Early Interlaced Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14151.pdf)
>  Early interlaced videos usually contain multiple and interlacing and complex compression artifacts, which significantly reduce the visual quality. Although the high-definition reconstruction technology for early videos has made great progress in recent years, related research on deinterlacing is still lacking. Traditional methods mainly focus on simple interlacing mechanism, and cannot deal with the complex artifacts in real-world early videos. Recent interlaced video reconstruction deep deinterlacing models only focus on single frame, while neglecting important temporal information. Therefore, this paper proposes a multiframe deinterlacing network joint enhancement network for early interlaced videos that consists of three modules, i.e., spatial vertical interpolation module, temporal alignment and fusion module, and final refinement module. The proposed method can effectively remove the complex artifacts in early videos by using temporal redundancy of multi-fields. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method can recover high quality results for both synthetic dataset and real-world early interlaced videos.      
### 42.Meta Learning on a Sequence of Imbalanced Domains with Difficulty Awareness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14120.pdf)
>  Recognizing new objects by learning from a few labeled examples in an evolving environment is crucial to obtain excellent generalization ability for real-world machine learning systems. A typical setting across current meta learning algorithms assumes a stationary task distribution during meta training. In this paper, we explore a more practical and challenging setting where task distribution changes over time with domain shift. Particularly, we consider realistic scenarios where task distribution is highly imbalanced with domain labels unavailable in nature. We propose a kernel-based method for domain change detection and a difficulty-aware memory management mechanism that jointly considers the imbalanced domain size and domain importance to learn across domains continuously. Furthermore, we introduce an efficient adaptive task sampling method during meta training, which significantly reduces task gradient variance with theoretical guarantees. Finally, we propose a challenging benchmark with imbalanced domain sequences and varied domain difficulty. We have performed extensive evaluations on the proposed benchmark, demonstrating the effectiveness of our method. We made our code publicly available.      
### 43.Comparison of atlas-based and neural-network-based semantic segmentation for DENSE MRI images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14116.pdf)
>  Two segmentation methods, one atlas-based and one neural-network-based, were compared to see how well they can each automatically segment the brain stem and cerebellum in Displacement Encoding with Stimulated Echoes Magnetic Resonance Imaging (DENSE-MRI) data. The segmentation is a pre-requisite for estimating the average displacements in these regions, which have recently been proposed as biomarkers in the diagnosis of Chiari Malformation type I (CMI). In numerical experiments, the segmentations of both methods were similar to manual segmentations provided by trained experts. It was found that, overall, the neural-network-based method alone produced more accurate segmentations than the atlas-based method did alone, but that a combination of the two methods -- in which the atlas-based method is used for the segmentation of the brain stem and the neural-network is used for the segmentation of the cerebellum -- may be the most successful.      
### 44.AutoPhaseNN: Unsupervised Physics-aware Deep Learning of 3D Nanoscale Coherent Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.14053.pdf)
>  The problem of phase retrieval, or the algorithmic recovery of lost phase information from measured intensity alone, underlies various imaging methods from astronomy to nanoscale imaging. Traditional methods of phase retrieval are iterative in nature, and are therefore computationally expensive and time consuming. More recently, deep learning (DL) models have been developed to either provide learned priors to iterative phase retrieval or in some cases completely replace phase retrieval with networks that learn to recover the lost phase information from measured intensity alone. However, such models require vast amounts of labeled data, which can only be obtained through simulation or performing computationally prohibitive phase retrieval on hundreds of or even thousands of experimental datasets. Using a 3D nanoscale X-ray imaging modality (Bragg Coherent Diffraction Imaging or BCDI) as a representative technique, we demonstrate AutoPhaseNN, a DL-based approach which learns to solve the phase problem without labeled data. By incorporating the physics of the imaging technique into the DL model during training, AutoPhaseNN learns to invert 3D BCDI data from reciprocal space to real space in a single shot without ever being shown real space images. Once trained, AutoPhaseNN is about one hundred times faster than traditional iterative phase retrieval methods while providing comparable image quality.      
### 45.Competence-Aware Path Planning via Introspective Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13974.pdf)
>  Robots deployed in the real world over extended periods of time need to reason about unexpected failures, learn to predict them, and to proactively take actions to avoid future failures. Existing approaches for competence-aware planning are either model-based, requiring explicit enumeration of known failure modes, or purely statistical, using state- and location-specific failure statistics to infer competence. We instead propose a structured model-free approach to competence-aware planning by reasoning about plan execution failures due to errors in perception, without requiring a-priori enumeration of failure modes or requiring location-specific failure statistics. We introduce competence-aware path planning via introspective perception (CPIP), a Bayesian framework to iteratively learn and exploit task-level competence in novel deployment environments. CPIP factorizes the competence-aware planning problem into two components. First, perception errors are learned in a model-free and location-agnostic setting via introspective perception prior to deployment in novel environments. Second, during actual deployments, the prediction of task-level failures is learned in a context-aware setting. Experiments in a simulation show that the proposed CPIP approach outperforms the frequentist baseline in multiple mobile robot tasks, and is further validated via real robot experiments in an environment with perceptually challenging obstacles and terrain.      
### 46.A framework for quantitative analysis of Computed Tomography images of viral pneumonitis: radiomic features in COVID and non-COVID patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13931.pdf)
>  Purpose: to optimize a pipeline of clinical data gathering and CT images processing implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic crisis and to develop artificial intelligence model for different of viral pneumonia. Methods: 1028 chest CT image of patients with positive swab were segmented automatically for lung extraction. A Gaussian model developed in Python language was applied to calculate quantitative metrics (QM) describing well-aerated and ill portions of the lungs from the histogram distribution of lung CT numbers in both lungs of each image and in four geometrical subdivision. Furthermore, radiomic features (RF) of first and second order were extracted from bilateral lungs using PyRadiomic tools. QM and RF were used to develop 4 different Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) classifier to discriminate images of patients with COVID (n=646) and non-COVID (n=382) viral pneumonia. Results: The Gaussian model applied to lung CT histogram correctly described healthy parenchyma 94% of the patients. The resulting accuracy of the models for COVID diagnosis were in the range 0.76-0.87, as the integral of the receiver operating curve. The best diagnostic performances were associated to the model based on RF of first and second order, with 21 relevant features after LASSO regression and an accuracy of 0.81$\pm$0.02 after 4-fold cross validation Conclusions: Despite these results were obtained with CT images from a single center, a platform for extracting useful quantitative metrics from CT images was developed and optimized. Four artificial intelligence-based models for classifying patients with COVID and non-COVID viral pneumonia were developed and compared showing overall good diagnostic performances      
### 47.All-Around Real Label Supervision: Cyclic Prototype Consistency Learning for Semi-supervised Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.13930.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning has substantially advanced medical image segmentation since it alleviates the heavy burden of acquiring the costly expert-examined annotations. Especially, the consistency-based approaches have attracted more attention for their superior performance, wherein the real labels are only utilized to supervise their paired images via supervised loss while the unlabeled images are exploited by enforcing the perturbation-based \textit{"unsupervised"} consistency without explicit guidance from those real labels. However, intuitively, the expert-examined real labels contain more reliable supervision signals. Observing this, we ask an unexplored but interesting question: can we exploit the unlabeled data via explicit real label supervision for semi-supervised training? To this end, we discard the previous perturbation-based consistency but absorb the essence of non-parametric prototype learning. Based on the prototypical network, we then propose a novel cyclic prototype consistency learning (CPCL) framework, which is constructed by a labeled-to-unlabeled (L2U) prototypical forward process and an unlabeled-to-labeled (U2L) backward process. Such two processes synergistically enhance the segmentation network by encouraging more discriminative and compact features. In this way, our framework turns previous \textit{"unsupervised"} consistency into new \textit{"supervised"} consistency, obtaining the \textit{"all-around real label supervision"} property of our method. Extensive experiments on brain tumor segmentation from MRI and kidney segmentation from CT images show that our CPCL can effectively exploit the unlabeled data and outperform other state-of-the-art semi-supervised medical image segmentation methods.      
