# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 15 Sep 2021
### 1.One-Class Meta-Learning: Towards Generalizable Few-Shot Open-Set Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06859.pdf)
>  Real-world classification tasks are frequently required to work in an open-set setting. This is especially challenging for few-shot learning problems due to the small sample size for each known category, which prevents existing open-set methods from working effectively; however, most multiclass few-shot methods are limited to closed-set scenarios. In this work, we address the problem of few-shot open-set classification by first proposing methods for few-shot one-class classification and then extending them to few-shot multiclass open-set classification. We introduce two independent few-shot one-class classification methods: Meta Binary Cross-Entropy (Meta-BCE), which learns a separate feature representation for one-class classification, and One-Class Meta-Learning (OCML), which learns to generate one-class classifiers given standard multiclass feature representation. Both methods can augment any existing few-shot learning method without requiring retraining to work in a few-shot multiclass open-set setting without degrading its closed-set performance. We demonstrate the benefits and drawbacks of both methods in different problem settings and evaluate them on three standard benchmark datasets, miniImageNet, tieredImageNet, and Caltech-UCSD-Birds-200-2011, where they surpass the state-of-the-art methods in the few-shot multiclass open-set and few-shot one-class tasks.      
### 2.A Deep Learning Approach for Masking Fetal Gender in Ultrasound Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06790.pdf)
>  Ultrasound (US) imaging is highly effective with regards to both cost and versatility in real-time diagnosis; however, determination of fetal gender by US scan in the early stages of pregnancy is also a cause of sex-selective abortion. This work proposes a deep learning object detection approach to accurately mask fetal gender in US images in order to increase the accessibility of the technology. We demonstrate how the YOLOv5L architecture exhibits superior performance relative to other object detection models on this task. Our model achieves 45.8% AP[0.5:0.95], 92% F1-score and 0.006 False Positive Per Image rate on our test set. Furthermore, we introduce a bounding box delay rule based on frame-to-frame structural similarity to reduce the false negative rate by 85%, further improving masking reliability.      
### 3.MotionHint: Self-Supervised Monocular Visual Odometry with Motion Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06768.pdf)
>  We present a novel self-supervised algorithm named MotionHint for monocular visual odometry (VO) that takes motion constraints into account. A key aspect of our approach is to use an appropriate motion model that can help existing self-supervised monocular VO (SSM-VO) algorithms to overcome issues related to the local minima within their self-supervised loss functions. The motion model is expressed with a neural network named PPnet. It is trained to coarsely predict the next pose of the camera and the uncertainty of this prediction. Our self-supervised approach combines the original loss and the motion loss, which is the weighted difference between the prediction and the generated ego-motion. Taking two existing SSM-VO systems as our baseline, we evaluate our MotionHint algorithm on the standard KITTI benchmark. Experimental results show that our MotionHint algorithm can be easily applied to existing open-sourced state-of-the-art SSM-VO systems to greatly improve the performance by reducing the resulting ATE by up to 28.73%.      
### 4.LRWR: Large-Scale Benchmark for Lip Reading in Russian language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06692.pdf)
>  Lipreading, also known as visual speech recognition, aims to identify the speech content from videos by analyzing the visual deformations of lips and nearby areas. One of the significant obstacles for research in this field is the lack of proper datasets for a wide variety of languages: so far, these methods have been focused only on English or Chinese. In this paper, we introduce a naturally distributed large-scale benchmark for lipreading in Russian language, named LRWR, which contains 235 classes and 135 speakers. We provide a detailed description of the dataset collection pipeline and dataset statistics. We also present a comprehensive comparison of the current popular lipreading methods on LRWR and conduct a detailed analysis of their performance. The results demonstrate the differences between the benchmarked languages and provide several promising directions for lipreading models finetuning. Thanks to our findings, we also achieved new state-of-the-art results on the LRW benchmark.      
### 5.Luminance Attentive Networks for HDR Image and Panorama Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06688.pdf)
>  It is very challenging to reconstruct a high dynamic range (HDR) from a low dynamic range (LDR) image as an ill-posed problem. This paper proposes a luminance attentive network named LANet for HDR reconstruction from a single LDR image. Our method is based on two fundamental observations: (1) HDR images stored in relative luminance are scale-invariant, which means the HDR images will hold the same information when multiplied by any positive real number. Based on this observation, we propose a novel normalization method called " HDR calibration " for HDR images stored in relative luminance, calibrating HDR images into a similar luminance scale according to the LDR images. (2) The main difference between HDR images and LDR images is in under-/over-exposed areas, especially those highlighted. Following this observation, we propose a luminance attention module with a two-stream structure for LANet to pay more attention to the under-/over-exposed areas. In addition, we propose an extended network called panoLANet for HDR panorama reconstruction from an LDR panorama and build a dualnet structure for panoLANet to solve the distortion problem caused by the equirectangular panorama. Extensive experiments show that our proposed approach LANet can reconstruct visually convincing HDR images and demonstrate its superiority over state-of-the-art approaches in terms of all metrics in inverse tone mapping. The image-based lighting application with our proposed panoLANet also demonstrates that our method can simulate natural scene lighting using only LDR panorama. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LWT3437/LANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.High-Resolution Image Harmonization via Collaborative Dual Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06671.pdf)
>  Given a composite image, image harmonization aims to adjust the foreground to make it compatible with the background. High-resolution image harmonization is in high demand, but still remains unexplored. Conventional image harmonization methods learn global RGB-to-RGB transformation which could effortlessly scale to high resolution, but ignore diverse local context. Recent deep learning methods learn the dense pixel-to-pixel transformation which could generate harmonious outputs, but are highly constrained in low resolution. In this work, we propose a high-resolution image harmonization network with Collaborative Dual Transformation (CDTNet) to combine pixel-to-pixel transformation and RGB-to-RGB transformation coherently in an end-to-end framework. Our CDTNet consists of a low-resolution generator for pixel-to-pixel transformation, a color mapping module for RGB-to-RGB transformation, and a refinement module to take advantage of both. Extensive experiments on high-resolution image harmonization dataset demonstrate that our CDTNet strikes a good balance between efficiency and effectiveness.      
### 7.An Insect-Inspired Randomly, Weighted Neural Network with Random Fourier Features For Neuro-Symbolic Relational Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06663.pdf)
>  Insects, such as fruit flies and honey bees, can solve simple associative learning tasks and learn abstract concepts such as "sameness" and "difference", which is viewed as a higher-order cognitive function and typically thought to depend on top-down neocortical processing. Empirical research with fruit flies strongly supports that a randomized representational architecture is used in olfactory processing in insect brains. Based on these results, we propose a Randomly Weighted Feature Network (RWFN) that incorporates randomly drawn, untrained weights in an encoder that uses an adapted linear model as a decoder. The randomized projections between input neurons and higher-order processing centers in the input brain is mimicked in RWFN by a single-hidden-layer neural network that specially structures latent representations in the hidden layer using random Fourier features that better represent complex relationships between inputs using kernel approximation. Because of this special representation, RWFNs can effectively learn the degree of relationship among inputs by training only a linear decoder model. We compare the performance of RWFNs to LTNs for Semantic Image Interpretation (SII) tasks that have been used as a representative example of how LTNs utilize reasoning over first-order logic to surpass the performance of solely data-driven methods. We demonstrate that compared to LTNs, RWFNs can achieve better or similar performance for both object classification and detection of the part-of relations between objects in SII tasks while using much far fewer learnable parameters (1:62 ratio) and a faster learning process (1:2 ratio of running speed). Furthermore, we show that because the randomized weights do not depend on the data, several decoders can share a single randomized encoder, giving RWFNs a unique economy of spatial scale for simultaneous classification tasks.      
### 8.Identifying partial mouse brain microscopy images from Allen reference atlas using a contrastively learned semantic space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06662.pdf)
>  Precise identification of mouse brain microscopy images is a crucial first step when anatomical structures in the mouse brain are to be registered to a reference atlas. Practitioners usually rely on manual comparison of images or tools that assume the presence of complete images. This work explores Siamese Networks as the method for finding corresponding 2D reference atlas plates for given partial 2D mouse brain images. Siamese networks are a class of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) that use weight-shared paths to obtain low dimensional embeddings of pairs of input images. The correspondence between the partial mouse brain image and reference atlas plate is determined based on the distance between low dimensional embeddings of brain slices and atlas plates that are obtained from Siamese networks using contrastive learning. Experiments showed that Siamese CNNs can precisely identify brain slices using the Allen mouse brain atlas when training and testing images come from the same source. They achieved TOP-1 and TOP-5 accuracy of 25% and 100%, respectively, taking only 7.2 seconds to identify 29 images.      
### 9.Domain Adaptation by Maximizing Population Correlation with Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06652.pdf)
>  In Domain Adaptation (DA), where the feature distributions of the source and target domains are different, various distance-based methods have been proposed to minimize the discrepancy between the source and target domains to handle the domain shift. In this paper, we propose a new similarity function, which is called Population Correlation (PC), to measure the domain discrepancy for DA. Base on the PC function, we propose a new method called Domain Adaptation by Maximizing Population Correlation (DAMPC) to learn a domain-invariant feature representation for DA. Moreover, most existing DA methods use hand-crafted bottleneck networks, which may limit the capacity and flexibility of the corresponding model. Therefore, we further propose a method called DAMPC with Neural Architecture Search (DAMPC-NAS) to search the optimal network architecture for DAMPC. Experiments on several benchmark datasets, including Office-31, Office-Home, and VisDA-2017, show that the proposed DAMPC-NAS method achieves better results than state-of-the-art DA methods.      
### 10.CropDefender: deep watermark which is more convenient to train and more robust against cropping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06651.pdf)
>  Digital image watermarking, which is a technique for invisibly embedding information into an image, is used in fields such as property rights protection. In recent years, some research has proposed the use of neural networks to add watermarks to natural images. We take StegaStamp as an example for our research. Whether facing traditional image editing methods, such as brightness, contrast, saturation adjustment, or style change like 1-bit conversion, GAN, StegaStamp has robustness far beyond traditional watermarking techniques, but it still has two drawbacks: it is vulnerable to cropping and is hard to train. We found that the causes of vulnerability to cropping is not the loss of information on the edge, but the movement of watermark position. By explicitly introducing the perturbation of cropping into the training, the cropping resistance is significantly improved. For the problem of difficult training, we introduce instance normalization to solve the vanishing gradient, set losses' weights as learnable parameters to reduce the number of hyperparameters, and use sigmoid to restrict pixel values of the generated image.      
### 11.Learnable Discrete Wavelet Pooling (LDW-Pooling) For Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06638.pdf)
>  Pooling is a simple but essential layer in modern deep CNN architectures for feature aggregation and extraction. Typical CNN design focuses on the conv layers and activation functions, while leaving the pooling layers with fewer options. We introduce the Learning Discrete Wavelet Pooling (LDW-Pooling) that can be applied universally to replace standard pooling operations to better extract features with improved accuracy and efficiency. Motivated from the wavelet theory, we adopt the low-pass (L) and high-pass (H) filters horizontally and vertically for pooling on a 2D feature map. Feature signals are decomposed into four (LL, LH, HL, HH) subbands to retain features better and avoid information dropping. The wavelet transform ensures features after pooling can be fully preserved and recovered. We next adopt an energy-based attention learning to fine-select crucial and representative features. LDW-Pooling is effective and efficient when compared with other state-of-the-art pooling techniques such as WaveletPooling and LiftPooling. Extensive experimental validation shows that LDW-Pooling can be applied to a wide range of standard CNN architectures and consistently outperform standard (max, mean, mixed, and stochastic) pooling operations.      
### 12.Multi-modal Representation Learning for Video Advertisement Content Structuring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06637.pdf)
>  Video advertisement content structuring aims to segment a given video advertisement and label each segment on various dimensions, such as presentation form, scene, and style. Different from real-life videos, video advertisements contain sufficient and useful multi-modal content like caption and speech, which provides crucial video semantics and would enhance the structuring process. In this paper, we propose a multi-modal encoder to learn multi-modal representation from video advertisements by interacting between video-audio and text. Based on multi-modal representation, we then apply Boundary-Matching Network to generate temporal proposals. To make the proposals more accurate, we refine generated proposals by scene-guided alignment and re-ranking. Finally, we incorporate proposal located embeddings into the introduced multi-modal encoder to capture temporal relationships between local features of each proposal and global features of the whole video for classification. Experimental results show that our method achieves significantly improvement compared with several baselines and Rank 1 on the task of Multi-modal Ads Video Understanding in ACM Multimedia 2021 Grand Challenge. Ablation study further shows that leveraging multi-modal content like caption and speech in video advertisements significantly improve the performance.      
### 13.Investigation of condominium building collapse in Surfside, Florida: a video feature tracking approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06629.pdf)
>  On June 24, 2021, a 12-story condominium building (Champlain Towers South) in Surfside, Florida partially collapsed, resulting in one of the deadliest building collapses in United States history with 98 people are confirmed dead. We analyze this collapse event using a video clip that is publicly available from social media. We apply computer vision algorithms to corroborate new information from the video clip that may not be readily interpreted by human eyes. By comparing the differential features against different video frames, our method can quantify the falling structural components by intuitively showing the directions and magnitudes of their movements. We demonstrate the potential of this video processing methodology in investigations of catastrophic structural failures and hope our results would serve as the basis for further investigations of this and other structure collapse events.      
### 14.Open-World Active Learning with Stacking Ensemble for Self-Driving Cars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06628.pdf)
>  The environments, in which autonomous cars act, are high-risky, dynamic, and full of uncertainty, demanding a continuous update of their sensory information and knowledge bases. The frequency of facing an unknown object is too high making hard the usage of Artificial Intelligence (AI) classical classification models that usually rely on the close-world assumption. This problem of classifying objects in this domain is better faced with and open-world AI approach. We propose an algorithm to identify not only all the known entities that may appear in front of the car, but also to detect and learn the classes of those unknown objects that may be rare to stand on an highway (e.g., a lost box from a truck). Our approach relies on the DOC algorithm from Lei Shu et. al. as well as on the Query-by-Committee algorithm.      
### 15.Scalable Font Reconstruction with Dual Latent Manifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06627.pdf)
>  We propose a deep generative model that performs typography analysis and font reconstruction by learning disentangled manifolds of both font style and character shape. Our approach enables us to massively scale up the number of character types we can effectively model compared to previous methods. Specifically, we infer separate latent variables representing character and font via a pair of inference networks which take as input sets of glyphs that either all share a character type, or belong to the same font. This design allows our model to generalize to characters that were not observed during training time, an important task in light of the relative sparsity of most fonts. We also put forward a new loss, adapted from prior work that measures likelihood using an adaptive distribution in a projected space, resulting in more natural images without requiring a discriminator. We evaluate on the task of font reconstruction over various datasets representing character types of many languages, and compare favorably to modern style transfer systems according to both automatic and manually-evaluated metrics.      
### 16.Dynamic Attentive Graph Learning for Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06620.pdf)
>  Non-local self-similarity in natural images has been verified to be an effective prior for image restoration. However, most existing deep non-local methods assign a fixed number of neighbors for each query item, neglecting the dynamics of non-local correlations. Moreover, the non-local correlations are usually based on pixels, prone to be biased due to image degradation. To rectify these weaknesses, in this paper, we propose a dynamic attentive graph learning model (DAGL) to explore the dynamic non-local property on patch level for image restoration. Specifically, we propose an improved graph model to perform patch-wise graph convolution with a dynamic and adaptive number of neighbors for each node. In this way, image content can adaptively balance over-smooth and over-sharp artifacts through the number of its connected neighbors, and the patch-wise non-local correlations can enhance the message passing process. Experimental results on various image restoration tasks: synthetic image denoising, real image denoising, image demosaicing, and compression artifact reduction show that our DAGL can produce state-of-the-art results with superior accuracy and visual quality. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jianzhangcs/DAGL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.Sampling Network Guided Cross-Entropy Method for Unsupervised Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06619.pdf)
>  In this paper, by modeling the point cloud registration task as a Markov decision process, we propose an end-to-end deep model embedded with the cross-entropy method (CEM) for unsupervised 3D registration. Our model consists of a sampling network module and a differentiable CEM module. In our sampling network module, given a pair of point clouds, the sampling network learns a prior sampling distribution over the transformation space. The learned sampling distribution can be used as a "good" initialization of the differentiable CEM module. In our differentiable CEM module, we first propose a maximum consensus criterion based alignment metric as the reward function for the point cloud registration task. Based on the reward function, for each state, we then construct a fused score function to evaluate the sampled transformations, where we weight the current and future rewards of the transformations. Particularly, the future rewards of the sampled transforms are obtained by performing the iterative closest point (ICP) algorithm on the transformed state. By selecting the top-k transformations with the highest scores, we iteratively update the sampling distribution. Furthermore, in order to make the CEM differentiable, we use the sparsemax function to replace the hard top-$k$ selection. Finally, we formulate a Geman-McClure estimator based loss to train our end-to-end registration model. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the good registration performance of our method on benchmark datasets.      
### 18.High-Fidelity GAN Inversion for Image Attribute Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06590.pdf)
>  We present a novel high-fidelity generative adversarial network (GAN) inversion framework that enables attribute editing with image-specific details well-preserved (e.g., background, appearance and illumination). We first formulate GAN inversion as a lossy data compression problem and carefully discuss the Rate-Distortion-Edit trade-off. Due to this trade-off, previous works fail to achieve high-fidelity reconstruction while keeping compelling editing ability with a low bit-rate latent code only. In this work, we propose a distortion consultation approach that employs the distortion map as a reference for reconstruction. In the distortion consultation inversion (DCI), the distortion map is first projected to a high-rate latent map, which then complements the basic low-rate latent code with (lost) details via consultation fusion. To achieve high-fidelity editing, we propose an adaptive distortion alignment (ADA) module with a self-supervised training scheme. Extensive experiments in the face and car domains show a clear improvement in terms of both inversion and editing quality.      
### 19.A Semantic Indexing Structure for Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06583.pdf)
>  In large-scale image retrieval, many indexing methods have been proposed to narrow down the searching scope of retrieval. The features extracted from images usually are of high dimensions or unfixed sizes due to the existence of key points. Most of existing index structures suffer from the dimension curse, the unfixed feature size and/or the loss of semantic similarity. In this paper a new classification-based indexing structure, called Semantic Indexing Structure (SIS), is proposed, in which we utilize the semantic categories rather than clustering centers to create database partitions, such that the proposed index SIS can be combined with feature extractors without the restriction of dimensions. Besides, it is observed that the size of each semantic partition is positively correlated with the semantic distribution of database. Along this way, we found that when the partition number is normalized to five, the proposed algorithm performed very well in all the tests. Compared with state-of-the-art models, SIS achieves outstanding performance.      
### 20.Multi-Level Features Contrastive Networks for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06543.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation aims to train a model from the labeled source domain to make predictions on the unlabeled target domain when the data distribution of the two domains is different. As a result, it needs to reduce the data distribution difference between the two domains to improve the model's generalization ability. Existing methods tend to align the two domains directly at the domain-level, or perform class-level domain alignment based on deep feature. The former ignores the relationship between the various classes in the two domains, which may cause serious negative transfer, the latter alleviates it by introducing pseudo-labels of the target domain, but it does not consider the importance of performing class-level alignment on shallow feature representations. In this paper, we develop this work on the method of class-level alignment. The proposed method reduces the difference between two domains dramaticlly by aligning multi-level features. In the case that the two domains share the label space, the class-level alignment is implemented by introducing Multi-Level Feature Contrastive Networks (MLFCNet). In practice, since the categories of samples in target domain are unavailable, we iteratively use clustering algorithm to obtain the pseudo-labels, and then minimize Multi-Level Contrastive Discrepancy (MLCD) loss to achieve more accurate class-level alignment. Experiments on three real-world benchmarks ImageCLEF-DA, Office-31 and Office-Home demonstrate that MLFCNet compares favorably against the existing state-of-the-art domain adaptation methods.      
### 21.Image-Based Alignment of 3D Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06526.pdf)
>  Full 3D scanning can efficiently be obtained using structured light scanning combined with a rotation stage. In this setting it is, however, necessary to reposition the object and scan it in different poses in order to cover the entire object. In this case, correspondence between the scans is lost, since the object was moved. In this paper, we propose a fully automatic method for aligning the scans of an object in two different poses. This is done by matching 2D features between images from two poses and utilizing correspondence between the images and the scanned point clouds. To demonstrate the approach, we present the results of scanning three dissimilar objects.      
### 22.Space Time Recurrent Memory Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06474.pdf)
>  We propose a novel visual memory network architecture for the learning and inference problem in the spatial-temporal domain. Different from the popular transformers, we maintain a fixed set of memory slots in our memory network and explore designs to input new information into the memory, combine the information in different memory slots and decide when to discard old memory slots. Finally, this architecture is benchmarked on the video object segmentation and video prediction problems. Through the experiments, we show that our memory architecture can achieve competitive results with state-of-the-art while maintaining constant memory capacity.      
### 23.Dodging Attack Using Carefully Crafted Natural Makeup  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06467.pdf)
>  Deep learning face recognition models are used by state-of-the-art surveillance systems to identify individuals passing through public areas (e.g., airports). Previous studies have demonstrated the use of adversarial machine learning (AML) attacks to successfully evade identification by such systems, both in the digital and physical domains. Attacks in the physical domain, however, require significant manipulation to the human participant's face, which can raise suspicion by human observers (e.g. airport security officers). In this study, we present a novel black-box AML attack which carefully crafts natural makeup, which, when applied on a human participant, prevents the participant from being identified by facial recognition models. We evaluated our proposed attack against the ArcFace face recognition model, with 20 participants in a real-world setup that includes two cameras, different shooting angles, and different lighting conditions. The evaluation results show that in the digital domain, the face recognition system was unable to identify all of the participants, while in the physical domain, the face recognition system was able to identify the participants in only 1.22% of the frames (compared to 47.57% without makeup and 33.73% with random natural makeup), which is below a reasonable threshold of a realistic operational environment.      
### 24.Spiking Neural Networks for Visual Place Recognition via Weighted Neuronal Assignments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06452.pdf)
>  Spiking neural networks (SNNs) offer both compelling potential advantages, including energy efficiency and low latencies, and challenges including the non-differentiable nature of event spikes. Much of the initial research in this area has converted deep neural networks to equivalent SNNs, but this conversion approach potentially negates some of the potential advantages of SNN-based approaches developed from scratch. One promising area for high performance SNNs is template matching and image recognition. This research introduces the first high performance SNN for the Visual Place Recognition (VPR) task: given a query image, the SNN has to find the closest match out of a list of reference images. At the core of this new system is a novel assignment scheme that implements a form of ambiguity-informed salience, by up-weighting single-place-encoding neurons and down-weighting "ambiguous" neurons that respond to multiple different reference places. In a range of experiments on the challenging Oxford RobotCar and Nordland datasets, we show that our SNN achieves comparable VPR performance to state-of-the-art and classical techniques, and degrades gracefully in performance with an increasing number of reference places. Our results provide a significant milestone towards SNNs that can provide robust, energy-efficient and low latency robot localization.      
### 25.Tesla-Rapture: A Lightweight Gesture Recognition System from mmWave Radar Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06448.pdf)
>  We present Tesla-Rapture, a gesture recognition interface for point clouds generated by mmWave Radars. State of the art gesture recognition models are either too resource consuming or not sufficiently accurate for integration into real-life scenarios using wearable or constrained equipment such as IoT devices (e.g. Raspberry PI), XR hardware (e.g. HoloLens), or smart-phones. To tackle this issue, we developed Tesla, a Message Passing Neural Network (MPNN) graph convolution approach for mmWave radar point clouds. The model outperforms the state of the art on two datasets in terms of accuracy while reducing the computational complexity and, hence, the execution time. In particular, the approach, is able to predict a gesture almost 8 times faster than the most accurate competitor. Our performance evaluation in different scenarios (environments, angles, distances) shows that Tesla generalizes well and improves the accuracy up to 20% in challenging scenarios like a through-wall setting and sensing at extreme angles. Utilizing Tesla, we develop Tesla-Rapture, a real-time implementation using a mmWave Radar on a Raspberry PI 4 and evaluate its accuracy and time-complexity. We also publish the source code, the trained models, and the implementation of the model for embedded devices.      
### 26.Improved Few-shot Segmentation by Redefinition of the Roles of Multi-level CNN Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06432.pdf)
>  This study is concerned with few-shot segmentation, i.e., segmenting the region of an unseen object class in a query image, given support image(s) of its instances. The current methods rely on the pretrained CNN features of the support and query images. The key to good performance depends on the proper fusion of their mid-level and high-level features; the former contains shape-oriented information, while the latter has class-oriented information. Current state-of-the-art methods follow the approach of Tian et al., which gives the mid-level features the primary role and the high-level features the secondary role. In this paper, we reinterpret this widely employed approach by redifining the roles of the multi-level features; we swap the primary and secondary roles. Specifically, we regard that the current methods improve the initial estimate generated from the high-level features using the mid-level features. This reinterpretation suggests a new application of the current methods: to apply the same network multiple times to iteratively update the estimate of the object's region, starting from its initial estimate. Our experiments show that this method is effective and has updated the previous state-of-the-art on COCO-20$^i$ in the 1-shot and 5-shot settings and on PASCAL-5$^i$ in the 1-shot setting.      
### 27.Cross-Region Domain Adaptation for Class-level Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06422.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation requires a lot of training data, which necessitates costly annotation. There have been many studies on unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) from one domain to another, e.g., from computer graphics to real images. However, there is still a gap in accuracy between UDA and supervised training on native domain data. It is arguably attributable to class-level misalignment between the source and target domain data. To cope with this, we propose a method that applies adversarial training to align two feature distributions in the target domain. It uses a self-training framework to split the image into two regions (i.e., trusted and untrusted), which form two distributions to align in the feature space. We term this approach cross-region adaptation (CRA) to distinguish from the previous methods of aligning different domain distributions, which we call cross-domain adaptation (CDA). CRA can be applied after any CDA method. Experimental results show that this always improves the accuracy of the combined CDA method, having updated the state-of-the-art.      
### 28.Camera-Tracklet-Aware Contrastive Learning for Unsupervised Vehicle Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06401.pdf)
>  Recently, vehicle re-identification methods based on deep learning constitute remarkable achievement. However, this achievement requires large-scale and well-annotated datasets. In constructing the dataset, assigning globally available identities (Ids) to vehicles captured from a great number of cameras is labour-intensive, because it needs to consider their subtle appearance differences or viewpoint variations. In this paper, we propose camera-tracklet-aware contrastive learning (CTACL) using the multi-camera tracklet information without vehicle identity labels. The proposed CTACL divides an unlabelled domain, i.e., entire vehicle images, into multiple camera-level subdomains and conducts contrastive learning within and beyond the subdomains. The positive and negative samples for contrastive learning are defined using tracklet Ids of each camera. Additionally, the domain adaptation across camera networks is introduced to improve the generalisation performance of learnt representations and alleviate the performance degradation resulted from the domain gap between the subdomains. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on video-based and image-based vehicle Re-ID datasets. Experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms the recent state-of-the-art unsupervised vehicle Re-ID methods. The source code for this paper is publicly available on `<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/andreYoo/CTAM-CTACL-VVReID.git'" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Progressively Guide to Attend: An Iterative Alignment Framework for Temporal Sentence Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06400.pdf)
>  A key solution to temporal sentence grounding (TSG) exists in how to learn effective alignment between vision and language features extracted from an untrimmed video and a sentence description. Existing methods mainly leverage vanilla soft attention to perform the alignment in a single-step process. However, such single-step attention is insufficient in practice, since complicated relations between inter- and intra-modality are usually obtained through multi-step reasoning. In this paper, we propose an Iterative Alignment Network (IA-Net) for TSG task, which iteratively interacts inter- and intra-modal features within multiple steps for more accurate grounding. Specifically, during the iterative reasoning process, we pad multi-modal features with learnable parameters to alleviate the nowhere-to-attend problem of non-matched frame-word pairs, and enhance the basic co-attention mechanism in a parallel manner. To further calibrate the misaligned attention caused by each reasoning step, we also devise a calibration module following each attention module to refine the alignment knowledge. With such iterative alignment scheme, our IA-Net can robustly capture the fine-grained relations between vision and language domains step-by-step for progressively reasoning the temporal boundaries. Extensive experiments conducted on three challenging benchmarks demonstrate that our proposed model performs better than the state-of-the-arts.      
### 30.Adaptive Proposal Generation Network for Temporal Sentence Localization in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06398.pdf)
>  We address the problem of temporal sentence localization in videos (TSLV). Traditional methods follow a top-down framework which localizes the target segment with pre-defined segment proposals. Although they have achieved decent performance, the proposals are handcrafted and redundant. Recently, bottom-up framework attracts increasing attention due to its superior efficiency. It directly predicts the probabilities for each frame as a boundary. However, the performance of bottom-up model is inferior to the top-down counterpart as it fails to exploit the segment-level interaction. In this paper, we propose an Adaptive Proposal Generation Network (APGN) to maintain the segment-level interaction while speeding up the efficiency. Specifically, we first perform a foreground-background classification upon the video and regress on the foreground frames to adaptively generate proposals. In this way, the handcrafted proposal design is discarded and the redundant proposals are decreased. Then, a proposal consolidation module is further developed to enhance the semantic of the generated proposals. Finally, we locate the target moments with these generated proposals following the top-down framework. Extensive experiments on three challenging benchmarks show that our proposed APGN significantly outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods.      
### 31.AdaPruner: Adaptive Channel Pruning and Effective Weights Inheritance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06397.pdf)
>  Channel pruning is one of the major compression approaches for deep neural networks. While previous pruning methods have mostly focused on identifying unimportant channels, channel pruning is considered as a special case of neural architecture search in recent years. However, existing methods are either complicated or prone to sub-optimal pruning. In this paper, we propose a pruning framework that adaptively determines the number of each layer's channels as well as the wights inheritance criteria for sub-network. Firstly, evaluate the importance of each block in the network based on the mean of the scaling parameters of the BN layers. Secondly, use the bisection method to quickly find the compact sub-network satisfying the budget. Finally, adaptively and efficiently choose the weight inheritance criterion that fits the current architecture and fine-tune the pruned network to recover performance. AdaPruner allows to obtain pruned network quickly, accurately and efficiently, taking into account both the structure and initialization weights. We prune the currently popular CNN models (VGG, ResNet, MobileNetV2) on different image classification datasets, and the experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method. On ImageNet, we reduce 32.8% FLOPs of MobileNetV2 with only 0.62% decrease for top-1 accuracy, which exceeds all previous state-of-the-art channel pruning methods. The code will be released.      
### 32.From Heatmaps to Structural Explanations of Image Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06365.pdf)
>  This paper summarizes our endeavors in the past few years in terms of explaining image classifiers, with the aim of including negative results and insights we have gained. The paper starts with describing the explainable neural network (XNN), which attempts to extract and visualize several high-level concepts purely from the deep network, without relying on human linguistic concepts. This helps users understand network classifications that are less intuitive and substantially improves user performance on a difficult fine-grained classification task of discriminating among different species of seagulls. <br>Realizing that an important missing piece is a reliable heatmap visualization tool, we have developed I-GOS and iGOS++ utilizing integrated gradients to avoid local optima in heatmap generation, which improved the performance across all resolutions. During the development of those visualizations, we realized that for a significant number of images, the classifier has multiple different paths to reach a confident prediction. This has lead to our recent development of structured attention graphs (SAGs), an approach that utilizes beam search to locate multiple coarse heatmaps for a single image, and compactly visualizes a set of heatmaps by capturing how different combinations of image regions impact the confidence of a classifier. <br>Through the research process, we have learned much about insights in building deep network explanations, the existence and frequency of multiple explanations, and various tricks of the trade that make explanations work. In this paper, we attempt to share those insights and opinions with the readers with the hope that some of them will be informative for future researchers on explainable deep learning.      
### 33.Sensor Adversarial Traits: Analyzing Robustness of 3D Object Detection Sensor Fusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06363.pdf)
>  A critical aspect of autonomous vehicles (AVs) is the object detection stage, which is increasingly being performed with sensor fusion models: multimodal 3D object detection models which utilize both 2D RGB image data and 3D data from a LIDAR sensor as inputs. In this work, we perform the first study to analyze the robustness of a high-performance, open source sensor fusion model architecture towards adversarial attacks and challenge the popular belief that the use of additional sensors automatically mitigate the risk of adversarial attacks. We find that despite the use of a LIDAR sensor, the model is vulnerable to our purposefully crafted image-based adversarial attacks including disappearance, universal patch, and spoofing. After identifying the underlying reason, we explore some potential defenses and provide some recommendations for improved sensor fusion models.      
### 34.POPCORN: Progressive Pseudo-labeling with Consistency Regularization and Neighboring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06361.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning (SSL) uses unlabeled data to compensate for the scarcity of annotated images and the lack of method generalization to unseen domains, two usual problems in medical segmentation tasks. In this work, we propose POPCORN, a novel method combining consistency regularization and pseudo-labeling designed for image segmentation. The proposed framework uses high-level regularization to constrain our segmentation model to use similar latent features for images with similar segmentations. POPCORN estimates a proximity graph to select data from easiest ones to more difficult ones, in order to ensure accurate pseudo-labeling and to limit confirmation bias. Applied to multiple sclerosis lesion segmentation, our method demonstrates competitive results compared to other state-of-the-art SSL strategies.      
### 35.Monocular Camera Localization for Automated Vehicles Using Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06296.pdf)
>  We address the problem of finding the current position and heading angle of an autonomous vehicle in real-time using a single camera. Compared to methods which require LiDARs and high definition (HD) 3D maps in real-time, the proposed approach is easily scalable and computationally efficient, at the price of lower precision. <br>The new method combines and adapts existing algorithms in three different fields: image retrieval, mapping database, and particle filtering. The result is a simple, real-time localization method using an image retrieval method whose performance is comparable to other monocular camera localization methods which use a map built with LiDARs. <br>We evaluate the proposed method using the KITTI odometry dataset and via closed-loop experiments with an indoor 1:10 autonomous vehicle. The tests demonstrate real-time capability and a 10cm level accuracy. Also, experimental results of the closed-loop indoor tests show the presence of a positive feedback loop between the localization error and the control error. Such phenomena is analysed in details at the end of the article.      
### 36.Incremental Abstraction in Distributed Probabilistic SLAM Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06241.pdf)
>  Scene graphs represent the key components of a scene in a compact and semantically rich way, but are difficult to build during incremental SLAM operation because of the challenges of robustly identifying abstract scene elements and optimising continually changing, complex graphs. We present a distributed, graph-based SLAM framework for incrementally building scene graphs based on two novel components. First, we propose an incremental abstraction framework in which a neural network proposes abstract scene elements that are incorporated into the factor graph of a feature-based monocular SLAM system. Scene elements are confirmed or rejected through optimisation and incrementally replace the points yielding a more dense, semantic and compact representation. Second, enabled by our novel routing procedure, we use Gaussian Belief Propagation (GBP) for distributed inference on a graph processor. The time per iteration of GBP is structure-agnostic and we demonstrate the speed advantages over direct methods for inference of heterogeneous factor graphs. We run our system on real indoor datasets using planar abstractions and recover the major planes with significant compression.      
### 37.Generatively Augmented Neural Network Watchdog for Image Classification Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06168.pdf)
>  The identification of out-of-distribution data is vital to the deployment of classification networks. For example, a generic neural network that has been trained to differentiate between images of dogs and cats can only classify an input as either a dog or a cat. If a picture of a car or a kumquat were to be supplied to this classifier, the result would still be either a dog or a cat. In order to mitigate this, techniques such as the neural network watchdog have been developed. The compression of the image input into the latent layer of the autoencoder defines the region of in-distribution in the image space. This in-distribution set of input data has a corresponding boundary in the image space. The watchdog assesses whether inputs are in inside or outside this boundary. This paper demonstrates how to sharpen this boundary using generative network training data augmentation thereby bettering the discrimination and overall performance of the watchdog.      
### 38.Broaden the Vision: Geo-Diverse Visual Commonsense Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06860.pdf)
>  Commonsense is defined as the knowledge that is shared by everyone. However, certain types of commonsense knowledge are correlated with culture and geographic locations and they are only shared locally. For example, the scenarios of wedding ceremonies vary across regions due to different customs influenced by historical and religious factors. Such regional characteristics, however, are generally omitted in prior work. In this paper, we construct a Geo-Diverse Visual Commonsense Reasoning dataset (GD-VCR) to test vision-and-language models' ability to understand cultural and geo-location-specific commonsense. In particular, we study two state-of-the-art Vision-and-Language models, VisualBERT and ViLBERT trained on VCR, a standard multimodal commonsense benchmark with images primarily from Western regions. We then evaluate how well the trained models can generalize to answering the questions in GD-VCR. We find that the performance of both models for non-Western regions including East Asia, South Asia, and Africa is significantly lower than that for Western region. We analyze the reasons behind the performance disparity and find that the performance gap is larger on QA pairs that: 1) are concerned with culture-related scenarios, e.g., weddings, religious activities, and festivals; 2) require high-level geo-diverse commonsense reasoning rather than low-order perception and recognition. Dataset and code are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/WadeYin9712/GD-VCR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Automatic hippocampal surface generation via 3D U-net and active shape modeling with hybrid particle swarm optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06817.pdf)
>  In this paper, we proposed and validated a fully automatic pipeline for hippocampal surface generation via 3D U-net coupled with active shape modeling (ASM). Principally, the proposed pipeline consisted of three steps. In the beginning, for each magnetic resonance image, a 3D U-net was employed to obtain the automatic hippocampus segmentation at each hemisphere. Secondly, ASM was performed on a group of pre-obtained template surfaces to generate mean shape and shape variation parameters through principal component analysis. Ultimately, hybrid particle swarm optimization was utilized to search for the optimal shape variation parameters that best match the segmentation. The hippocampal surface was then generated from the mean shape and the shape variation parameters. The proposed pipeline was observed to provide hippocampal surfaces at both hemispheres with high accuracy, correct anatomical topology, and sufficient smoothness.      
### 40.ImUnity: a generalizable VAE-GAN solution for multicenter MR image harmonization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06756.pdf)
>  ImUnity is an original deep-learning model designed for efficient and flexible MR image harmonization. A VAE-GAN network, coupled with a confusion module and an optional biological preservation module, uses multiple 2D-slices taken from different anatomical locations in each subject of the training database, as well as image contrast transformations for its self-supervised training. It eventually generates 'corrected' MR images that can be used for various multi-center population studies. Using 3 open source databases (ABIDE, OASIS and SRPBS), which contain MR images from multiple acquisition scanner types or vendors and a large range of subjects ages, we show that ImUnity: (1) outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of quality of images generated using traveling subjects; (2) removes sites or scanner biases while improving patients classification; (3) harmonizes data coming from new sites or scanners without the need for an additional fine-tuning and (4) allows the selection of multiple MR reconstructed images according to the desired applications. Tested here on T1-weighted images, ImUnity could be used to harmonize other types of medical images.      
### 41.Deep Convolutional Generative Modeling for Artificial Microstructure Development of Aluminum-Silicon Alloy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06635.pdf)
>  Machine learning which is a sub-domain of an Artificial Intelligence which is finding various applications in manufacturing and material science sectors. In the present study, Deep Generative Modeling which a type of unsupervised machine learning technique has been adapted for the constructing the artificial microstructure of Aluminium-Silicon alloy. Deep Generative Adversarial Networks has been used for developing the artificial microstructure of the given microstructure image dataset. The results obtained showed that the developed models had learnt to replicate the lining near the certain images of the microstructures.      
### 42.Anomaly Attribution of Multivariate Time Series using Counterfactual Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06562.pdf)
>  There are numerous methods for detecting anomalies in time series, but that is only the first step to understanding them. We strive to exceed this by explaining those anomalies. Thus we develop a novel attribution scheme for multivariate time series relying on counterfactual reasoning. We aim to answer the counterfactual question of would the anomalous event have occurred if the subset of the involved variables had been more similarly distributed to the data outside of the anomalous interval. Specifically, we detect anomalous intervals using the Maximally Divergent Interval (MDI) algorithm, replace a subset of variables with their in-distribution values within the detected interval and observe if the interval has become less anomalous, by re-scoring it with MDI. We evaluate our method on multivariate temporal and spatio-temporal data and confirm the accuracy of our anomaly attribution of multiple well-understood extreme climate events such as heatwaves and hurricanes.      
### 43.Dense Deep Unfolding Network with 3D-CNN Prior for Snapshot Compressive Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06548.pdf)
>  Snapshot compressive imaging (SCI) aims to record three-dimensional signals via a two-dimensional camera. For the sake of building a fast and accurate SCI recovery algorithm, we incorporate the interpretability of model-based methods and the speed of learning-based ones and present a novel dense deep unfolding network (DUN) with 3D-CNN prior for SCI, where each phase is unrolled from an iteration of Half-Quadratic Splitting (HQS). To better exploit the spatial-temporal correlation among frames and address the problem of information loss between adjacent phases in existing DUNs, we propose to adopt the 3D-CNN prior in our proximal mapping module and develop a novel dense feature map (DFM) strategy, respectively. Besides, in order to promote network robustness, we further propose a dense feature map adaption (DFMA) module to allow inter-phase information to fuse adaptively. All the parameters are learned in an end-to-end fashion. Extensive experiments on simulation data and real data verify the superiority of our method. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jianzhangcs/SCI3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.Multi-Scale Input Strategies for Medulloblastoma Tumor Classification using Deep Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06547.pdf)
>  Medulloblastoma (MB) is a primary central nervous system tumor and the most common malignant brain cancer among children. Neuropathologists perform microscopic inspection of histopathological tissue slides under a microscope to assess the severity of the tumor. This is a time-consuming task and often infused with observer variability. Recently, pre-trained convolutional neural networks (CNN) have shown promising results for MB subtype classification. Typically, high-resolution images are divided into smaller tiles for classification, while the size of the tiles has not been systematically evaluated. We study the impact of tile size and input strategy and classify the two major histopathological subtypes-Classic and Demoplastic/Nodular. To this end, we use recently proposed EfficientNets and evaluate tiles with increasing size combined with various downsampling scales. Our results demonstrate using large input tiles pixels followed by intermediate downsampling and patch cropping significantly improves MB classification performance. Our top-performing method achieves the AUC-ROC value of 90.90\% compared to 84.53\% using the previous approach with smaller input tiles.      
### 45.3-Dimensional Deep Learning with Spatial Erasing for Unsupervised Anomaly Segmentation in Brain MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06540.pdf)
>  Purpose. Brain Magnetic Resonance Images (MRIs) are essential for the diagnosis of neurological diseases. Recently, deep learning methods for unsupervised anomaly detection (UAD) have been proposed for the analysis of brain MRI. These methods rely on healthy brain MRIs and eliminate the requirement of pixel-wise annotated data compared to supervised deep learning. While a wide range of methods for UAD have been proposed, these methods are mostly 2D and only learn from MRI slices, disregarding that brain lesions are inherently 3D and the spatial context of MRI volumes remains unexploited. <br>Methods. We investigate whether using increased spatial context by using MRI volumes combined with spatial erasing leads to improved unsupervised anomaly segmentation performance compared to learning from slices. We evaluate and compare 2D variational autoencoder (VAE) to their 3D counterpart, propose 3D input erasing, and systemically study the impact of the data set size on the performance. <br>Results. Using two publicly available segmentation data sets for evaluation, 3D VAE outperform their 2D counterpart, highlighting the advantage of volumetric context. Also, our 3D erasing methods allow for further performance improvements. Our best performing 3D VAE with input erasing leads to an average DICE score of 31.40% compared to 25.76% for the 2D VAE. <br>Conclusions. We propose 3D deep learning methods for UAD in brain MRI combined with 3D erasing and demonstrate that 3D methods clearly outperform their 2D counterpart for anomaly segmentation. Also, our spatial erasing method allows for further performance improvements and reduces the requirement for large data sets.      
### 46.COVID-Net MLSys: Designing COVID-Net for the Clinical Workflow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06421.pdf)
>  As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to devastate globally, one promising field of research is machine learning-driven computer vision to streamline various parts of the COVID-19 clinical workflow. These machine learning methods are typically stand-alone models designed without consideration for the integration necessary for real-world application workflows. In this study, we take a machine learning and systems (MLSys) perspective to design a system for COVID-19 patient screening with the clinical workflow in mind. The COVID-Net system is comprised of the continuously evolving COVIDx dataset, COVID-Net deep neural network for COVID-19 patient detection, and COVID-Net S deep neural networks for disease severity scoring for COVID-19 positive patient cases. The deep neural networks within the COVID-Net system possess state-of-the-art performance, and are designed to be integrated within a user interface (UI) for clinical decision support with automatic report generation to assist clinicians in their treatment decisions.      
### 47.Physics Driven Domain Specific Transporter Framework with Attention Mechanism for Ultrasound Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06346.pdf)
>  Most applications of deep learning techniques in medical imaging are supervised and require a large number of labeled data which is expensive and requires many hours of careful annotation by experts. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised, physics driven domain specific transporter framework with an attention mechanism to identify relevant key points with applications in ultrasound imaging. The proposed framework identifies key points that provide a concise geometric representation highlighting regions with high structural variation in ultrasound videos. We incorporate physics driven domain specific information as a feature probability map and use the radon transform to highlight features in specific orientations. The proposed framework has been trained on130 Lung ultrasound (LUS) videos and 113 Wrist ultrasound (WUS) videos and validated on 100 Lung ultrasound (LUS) videos and 58 Wrist ultrasound (WUS) videos acquired from multiple centers across the globe. Images from both datasets were independently assessed by experts to identify clinically relevant features such as A-lines, B-lines and pleura from LUS and radial metaphysis, radial epiphysis and carpal bones from WUS videos. The key points detected from both datasets showed high sensitivity (LUS = 99\% , WUS = 74\%) in detecting the image landmarks identified by experts. Also, on employing for classification of the given lung image into normal and abnormal classes, the proposed approach, even with no prior training, achieved an average accuracy of 97\% and an average F1-score of 95\% respectively on the task of co-classification with 3 fold cross-validation. With the purely unsupervised nature of the proposed approach, we expect the key point detection approach to increase the applicability of ultrasound in various examination performed in emergency and point of care.      
### 48.MindCraft: Theory of Mind Modeling for Situated Dialogue in Collaborative Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06275.pdf)
>  An ideal integration of autonomous agents in a human world implies that they are able to collaborate on human terms. In particular, theory of mind plays an important role in maintaining common ground during human collaboration and communication. To enable theory of mind modeling in situated interactions, we introduce a fine-grained dataset of collaborative tasks performed by pairs of human subjects in the 3D virtual blocks world of Minecraft. It provides information that captures partners' beliefs of the world and of each other as an interaction unfolds, bringing abundant opportunities to study human collaborative behaviors in situated language communication. As a first step towards our goal of developing embodied AI agents able to infer belief states of collaborative partners in situ, we build and present results on computational models for several theory of mind tasks.      
### 49.Cross-Modality Domain Adaptation for Vestibular Schwannoma and Cochlea Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06274.pdf)
>  Automatic methods to segment the vestibular schwannoma (VS) tumors and the cochlea from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are critical to VS treatment planning. Although supervised methods have achieved satisfactory performance in VS segmentation, they require full annotations by experts, which is laborious and time-consuming. In this work, we aim to tackle the VS and cochlea segmentation problem in an unsupervised domain adaptation setting. Our proposed method leverages both the image-level domain alignment to minimize the domain divergence and semi-supervised training to further boost the performance. Furthermore, we propose to fuse the labels predicted from multiple models via noisy label correction. Our results on the challenge validation leaderboard showed that our unsupervised method has achieved promising VS and cochlea segmentation performance with mean dice score of 0.8261 $\pm$ 0.0416; The mean dice value for the tumor is 0.8302 $\pm$ 0.0772. This is comparable to the weakly-supervised based method.      
