# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 24 Sep 2021
### 1.MARMOT: A Deep Learning Framework for Constructing Multimodal Representations for Vision-and-Language Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11526.pdf)
>  Political activity on social media presents a data-rich window into political behavior, but the vast amount of data means that almost all content analyses of social media require a data labeling step. However, most automated machine classification methods ignore the multimodality of posted content, focusing either on text or images. State-of-the-art vision-and-language models are unusable for most political science research: they require all observations to have both image and text and require computationally expensive pretraining. This paper proposes a novel vision-and-language framework called multimodal representations using modality translation (MARMOT). MARMOT presents two methodological contributions: it can construct representations for observations missing image or text, and it replaces the computationally expensive pretraining with modality translation. MARMOT outperforms an ensemble text-only classifier in 19 of 20 categories in multilabel classifications of tweets reporting election incidents during the 2016 U.S. general election. Moreover, MARMOT shows significant improvements over the results of benchmark multimodal models on the Hateful Memes dataset, improving the best result set by VisualBERT in terms of accuracy from 0.6473 to 0.6760 and area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) from 0.7141 to 0.7530.      
### 2.End-to-End AI-based MRI Reconstruction and Lesion Detection Pipeline for Evaluation of Deep Learning Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11524.pdf)
>  Deep learning techniques have emerged as a promising approach to highly accelerated MRI. However, recent reconstruction challenges have shown several drawbacks in current deep learning approaches, including the loss of fine image details even using models that perform well in terms of global quality metrics. In this study, we propose an end-to-end deep learning framework for image reconstruction and pathology detection, which enables a clinically aware evaluation of deep learning reconstruction quality. The solution is demonstrated for a use case in detecting meniscal tears on knee MRI studies, ultimately finding a loss of fine image details with common reconstruction methods expressed as a reduced ability to detect important pathology like meniscal tears. Despite the common practice of quantitative reconstruction methodology evaluation with metrics such as SSIM, impaired pathology detection as an automated pathology-based reconstruction evaluation approach suggests existing quantitative methods do not capture clinically important reconstruction outcomes.      
### 3.How much "human-like" visual experience do current self-supervised learning algorithms need to achieve human-level object recognition?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11523.pdf)
>  This paper addresses a fundamental question: how good are our current self-supervised visual representation learning algorithms relative to humans? More concretely, how much "human-like", natural visual experience would these algorithms need in order to reach human-level performance in a complex, realistic visual object recognition task such as ImageNet? Using a scaling experiment, here we estimate that the answer is on the order of a million years of natural visual experience, in other words several orders of magnitude longer than a human lifetime. However, this estimate is quite sensitive to some underlying assumptions, underscoring the need to run carefully controlled human experiments. We discuss the main caveats surrounding our estimate and the implications of this rather surprising result.      
### 4.LGD: Label-guided Self-distillation for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11496.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose the first self-distillation framework for general object detection, termed LGD (Label-Guided self-Distillation). Previous studies rely on a strong pretrained teacher to provide instructive knowledge for distillation. However, this could be unavailable in real-world scenarios. Instead, we generate an instructive knowledge by inter-and-intra relation modeling among objects, requiring only student representations and regular labels. In detail, our framework involves sparse label-appearance encoding, inter-object relation adaptation and intra-object knowledge mapping to obtain the instructive knowledge. Modules in LGD are trained end-to-end with student detector and are discarded in inference. Empirically, LGD obtains decent results on various detectors, datasets, and extensive task like instance segmentation. For example in MS-COCO dataset, LGD improves RetinaNet with ResNet-50 under 2x single-scale training from 36.2% to 39.0% mAP (+ 2.8%). For much stronger detectors like FCOS with ResNeXt-101 DCN v2 under 2x multi-scale training (46.1%), LGD achieves 47.9% (+ 1.8%). For pedestrian detection in CrowdHuman dataset, LGD boosts mMR by 2.3% for Faster R-CNN with ResNet-50. Compared with a classical teacher-based method FGFI, LGD not only performs better without requiring pretrained teacher but also with 51% lower training cost beyond inherent student learning.      
### 5.Self-supervised Learning for Semi-supervised Temporal Language Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11475.pdf)
>  Given a text description, Temporal Language Grounding (TLG) aims to localize temporal boundaries of the segments that contain the specified semantics in an untrimmed video. TLG is inherently a challenging task, as it requires to have comprehensive understanding of both video contents and text sentences. Previous works either tackle this task in a fully-supervised setting that requires a large amount of manual annotations or in a weakly supervised setting that cannot achieve satisfactory performance. To achieve good performance with limited annotations, we tackle this task in a semi-supervised way and propose a unified Semi-supervised Temporal Language Grounding (STLG) framework. STLG consists of two parts: (1) A pseudo label generation module that produces adaptive instant pseudo labels for unlabeled data based on predictions from a teacher model; (2) A self-supervised feature learning module with two sequential perturbations, i.e., time lagging and time scaling, for improving the video representation by inter-modal and intra-modal contrastive learning. We conduct experiments on the ActivityNet-CD-OOD and Charades-CD-OOD datasets and the results demonstrate that our proposed STLG framework achieve competitive performance compared to fully-supervised state-of-the-art methods with only a small portion of temporal annotations.      
### 6.Semantic Segmentation-assisted Scene Completion for LiDAR Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11453.pdf)
>  Outdoor scene completion is a challenging issue in 3D scene understanding, which plays an important role in intelligent robotics and autonomous driving. Due to the sparsity of LiDAR acquisition, it is far more complex for 3D scene completion and semantic segmentation. Since semantic features can provide constraints and semantic priors for completion tasks, the relationship between them is worth exploring. Therefore, we propose an end-to-end semantic segmentation-assisted scene completion network, including a 2D completion branch and a 3D semantic segmentation branch. Specifically, the network takes a raw point cloud as input, and merges the features from the segmentation branch into the completion branch hierarchically to provide semantic information. By adopting BEV representation and 3D sparse convolution, we can benefit from the lower operand while maintaining effective expression. Besides, the decoder of the segmentation branch is used as an auxiliary, which can be discarded in the inference stage to save computational consumption. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method achieves competitive performance on SemanticKITTI dataset with low latency. Code and models will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jokester-zzz/SSA-SC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.DeepRare: Generic Unsupervised Visual Attention Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11439.pdf)
>  Human visual system is modeled in engineering field providing feature-engineered methods which detect contrasted/surprising/unusual data into images. This data is "interesting" for humans and leads to numerous applications. Deep learning (DNNs) drastically improved the algorithms efficiency on the main benchmark datasets. However, DNN-based models are counter-intuitive: surprising or unusual data is by definition difficult to learn because of its low occurrence probability. In reality, DNN-based models mainly learn top-down features such as faces, text, people, or animals which usually attract human attention, but they have low efficiency in extracting surprising or unusual data in the images. In this paper, we propose a new visual attention model called DeepRare2021 (DR21) which uses the power of DNNs feature extraction and the genericity of feature-engineered algorithms. This algorithm is an evolution of a previous version called DeepRare2019 (DR19) based on a common framework. DR21 1) does not need any training and uses the default ImageNet training, 2) is fast even on CPU, 3) is tested on four very different eye-tracking datasets showing that the DR21 is generic and is always in the within the top models on all datasets and metrics while no other model exhibits such a regularity and genericity. Finally DR21 4) is tested with several network architectures such as VGG16 (V16), VGG19 (V19) and MobileNetV2 (MN2) and 5) it provides explanation and transparency on which parts of the image are the most surprising at different levels despite the use of a DNN-based feature extractor. DeepRare2021 code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/numediart/VisualAttention-RareFamil" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 8.Layered Neural Atlases for Consistent Video Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11418.pdf)
>  We present a method that decomposes, or "unwraps", an input video into a set of layered 2D atlases, each providing a unified representation of the appearance of an object (or background) over the video. For each pixel in the video, our method estimates its corresponding 2D coordinate in each of the atlases, giving us a consistent parameterization of the video, along with an associated alpha (opacity) value. Importantly, we design our atlases to be interpretable and semantic, which facilitates easy and intuitive editing in the atlas domain, with minimal manual work required. Edits applied to a single 2D atlas (or input video frame) are automatically and consistently mapped back to the original video frames, while preserving occlusions, deformation, and other complex scene effects such as shadows and reflections. Our method employs a coordinate-based Multilayer Perceptron (MLP) representation for mappings, atlases, and alphas, which are jointly optimized on a per-video basis, using a combination of video reconstruction and regularization losses. By operating purely in 2D, our method does not require any prior 3D knowledge about scene geometry or camera poses, and can handle complex dynamic real world videos. We demonstrate various video editing applications, including texture mapping, video style transfer, image-to-video texture transfer, and segmentation/labeling propagation, all automatically produced by editing a single 2D atlas image.      
### 9.Hierarchical Memory Matching Network for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11404.pdf)
>  We present Hierarchical Memory Matching Network (HMMN) for semi-supervised video object segmentation. Based on a recent memory-based method [33], we propose two advanced memory read modules that enable us to perform memory reading in multiple scales while exploiting temporal smoothness. We first propose a kernel guided memory matching module that replaces the non-local dense memory read, commonly adopted in previous memory-based methods. The module imposes the temporal smoothness constraint in the memory read, leading to accurate memory retrieval. More importantly, we introduce a hierarchical memory matching scheme and propose a top-k guided memory matching module in which memory read on a fine-scale is guided by that on a coarse-scale. With the module, we perform memory read in multiple scales efficiently and leverage both high-level semantic and low-level fine-grained memory features to predict detailed object masks. Our network achieves state-of-the-art performance on the validation sets of DAVIS 2016/2017 (90.8% and 84.7%) and YouTube-VOS 2018/2019 (82.6% and 82.5%), and test-dev set of DAVIS 2017 (78.6%). The source code and model are available online: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Hongje/HMMN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.A Skeleton-Driven Neural Occupancy Representation for Articulated Hands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11399.pdf)
>  We present Hand ArticuLated Occupancy (HALO), a novel representation of articulated hands that bridges the advantages of 3D keypoints and neural implicit surfaces and can be used in end-to-end trainable architectures. Unlike existing statistical parametric hand models (e.g.~MANO), HALO directly leverages 3D joint skeleton as input and produces a neural occupancy volume representing the posed hand surface. The key benefits of HALO are (1) it is driven by 3D key points, which have benefits in terms of accuracy and are easier to learn for neural networks than the latent hand-model parameters; (2) it provides a differentiable volumetric occupancy representation of the posed hand; (3) it can be trained end-to-end, allowing the formulation of losses on the hand surface that benefit the learning of 3D keypoints. We demonstrate the applicability of HALO to the task of conditional generation of hands that grasp 3D objects. The differentiable nature of HALO is shown to improve the quality of the synthesized hands both in terms of physical plausibility and user preference.      
### 11.Scene Graph Generation for Better Image Captioning?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11398.pdf)
>  We investigate the incorporation of visual relationships into the task of supervised image caption generation by proposing a model that leverages detected objects and auto-generated visual relationships to describe images in natural language. To do so, we first generate a scene graph from raw image pixels by identifying individual objects and visual relationships between them. This scene graph then serves as input to our graph-to-text model, which generates the final caption. In contrast to previous approaches, our model thus explicitly models the detection of objects and visual relationships in the image. For our experiments we construct a new dataset from the intersection of Visual Genome and MS COCO, consisting of images with both a corresponding gold scene graph and human-authored caption. Our results show that our methods outperform existing state-of-the-art end-to-end models that generate image descriptions directly from raw input pixels when compared in terms of the BLEU and METEOR evaluation metrics.      
### 12.Cross Attention-guided Dense Network for Images Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11393.pdf)
>  In recent years, various applications in computer vision have achieved substantial progress based on deep learning, which has been widely used for image fusion and shown to achieve adequate performance. However, suffering from limited ability in modelling the spatial correspondence of different source images, it still remains a great challenge for existing unsupervised image fusion models to extract appropriate feature and achieves adaptive and balanced fusion. In this paper, we propose a novel cross attention-guided image fusion network, which is a unified and unsupervised framework for multi-modal image fusion, multi-exposure image fusion, and multi-focus image fusion. Different from the existing self-attention module, our cross attention module focus on modelling the cross-correlation between different source images. Using the proposed cross attention module as core block, a densely connected cross attention-guided network is built to dynamically learn the spatial correspondence to derive better alignment of important details from different input images. Meanwhile, an auxiliary branch is also designed to model the long-range information, and a merging network is attached to finally reconstruct the fusion image. Extensive experiments have been carried out on publicly available datasets, and the results demonstrate that the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 13.Recent Advances of Continual Learning in Computer Vision: An Overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11369.pdf)
>  In contrast to batch learning where all training data is available at once, continual learning represents a family of methods that accumulate knowledge and learn continuously with data available in sequential order. Similar to the human learning process with the ability of learning, fusing, and accumulating new knowledge coming at different time steps, continual learning is considered to have high practical significance. Hence, continual learning has been studied in various artificial intelligence tasks. In this paper, we present a comprehensive review of the recent progress of continual learning in computer vision. In particular, the works are grouped by their representative techniques, including regularization, knowledge distillation, memory, generative replay, parameter isolation, and a combination of the above techniques. For each category of these techniques, both its characteristics and applications in computer vision are presented. At the end of this overview, several subareas, where continuous knowledge accumulation is potentially helpful while continual learning has not been well studied, are discussed.      
### 14.PRANet: Point Cloud Registration with an Artificial Agent  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11349.pdf)
>  Point cloud registration plays a critical role in a multitude of computer vision tasks, such as pose estimation and 3D localization. Recently, a plethora of deep learning methods were formulated that aim to tackle this problem. Most of these approaches find point or feature correspondences, from which the transformations are computed. We give a different perspective and frame the registration problem as a Markov Decision Process. Instead of directly searching for the transformation, the problem becomes one of finding a sequence of translation and rotation actions that is equivalent to this transformation. To this end, we propose an artificial agent trained end-to-end using deep supervised learning. In contrast to conventional reinforcement learning techniques, the observations are sampled i.i.d. and thus no experience replay buffer is required, resulting in a more streamlined training process. Experiments on ModelNet40 show results comparable or superior to the state of the art in the case of clean, noisy and partially visible datasets.      
### 15.Towards Generalized and Incremental Few-Shot Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11336.pdf)
>  Real-world object detection is highly desired to be equipped with the learning expandability that can enlarge its detection classes incrementally. Moreover, such learning from only few annotated training samples further adds the flexibility for the object detector, which is highly expected in many applications such as autonomous driving, robotics, etc. However, such sequential learning scenario with few-shot training samples generally causes catastrophic forgetting and dramatic overfitting. In this paper, to address the above incremental few-shot learning issues, a novel Incremental Few-Shot Object Detection (iFSOD) method is proposed to enable the effective continual learning from few-shot samples. Specifically, a Double-Branch Framework (DBF) is proposed to decouple the feature representation of base and novel (few-shot) class, which facilitates both the old-knowledge retention and new-class adaption simultaneously. Furthermore, a progressive model updating rule is carried out to preserve the long-term memory on old classes effectively when adapt to sequential new classes. Moreover, an inter-task class separation loss is proposed to extend the decision region of new-coming classes for better feature discrimination. We conduct experiments on both Pascal VOC and MS-COCO, which demonstrate that our method can effectively solve the problem of incremental few-shot detection and significantly improve the detection accuracy on both base and novel classes.      
### 16.Multi-resolution deep learning pipeline for dense large scale point clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11311.pdf)
>  Recent development of 3D sensors allows the acquisition of extremely dense 3D point clouds of large-scale scenes. The main challenge of processing such large point clouds remains in the size of the data, which induce expensive computational and memory cost. In this context, the full resolution cloud is particularly hard to process, and details it brings are rarely exploited. Although fine-grained details are important for detection of small objects, they can alter the local geometry of large structural parts and mislead deep learning networks. In this paper, we introduce a new generic deep learning pipeline to exploit the full precision of large scale point clouds, but only for objects that require details. The core idea of our approach is to split up the process into multiple sub-networks which operate on different resolutions and with each their specific classes to retrieve. Thus, the pipeline allows each class to benefit either from noise and memory cost reduction of a sub-sampling or from fine-grained details.      
### 17.Deep Learning Strategies for Industrial Surface Defect Detection Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11304.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods have proven to outperform traditional computer vision methods in various areas of image processing. However, the application of deep learning in industrial surface defect detection systems is challenging due to the insufficient amount of training data, the expensive data generation process, the small size, and the rare occurrence of surface defects. From literature and a polymer products manufacturing use case, we identify design requirements which reflect the aforementioned challenges. Addressing these, we conceptualize design principles and features informed by deep learning research. Finally, we instantiate and evaluate the gained design knowledge in the form of actionable guidelines and strategies based on an industrial surface defect detection use case. This article, therefore, contributes to academia as well as practice by (1) systematically identifying challenges for the industrial application of deep learning-based surface defect detection, (2) strategies to overcome these, and (3) an experimental case study assessing the strategies' applicability and usefulness.      
### 18.End-to-End Dense Video Grounding via Parallel Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11265.pdf)
>  Video grounding aims to localize the corresponding video moment in an untrimmed video given a language query. Existing methods often address this task in an indirect way, by casting it as a proposal-and-match or fusion-and-detection problem. Solving these surrogate problems often requires sophisticated label assignment during training and hand-crafted removal of near-duplicate results. Meanwhile, existing works typically focus on sparse video grounding with a single sentence as input, which could result in ambiguous localization due to its unclear description. In this paper, we tackle a new problem of dense video grounding, by simultaneously localizing multiple moments with a paragraph as input. From a perspective on video grounding as language conditioned regression, we present an end-to-end parallel decoding paradigm by re-purposing a Transformer-alike architecture (PRVG). The key design in our PRVG is to use languages as queries, and directly regress the moment boundaries based on language-modulated visual representations. Thanks to its simplicity in design, our PRVG framework can be applied in different testing schemes (sparse or dense grounding) and allows for efficient inference without any post-processing technique. In addition, we devise a robust proposal-level attention loss to guide the training of PRVG, which is invariant to moment duration and contributes to model convergence. We perform experiments on two video grounding benchmarks of ActivityNet Captions and TACoS, demonstrating that our PRVG can significantly outperform previous methods. We also perform in-depth studies to investigate the effectiveness of parallel regression paradigm on video grounding.      
### 19.Pairwise Emotional Relationship Recognition in Drama Videos: Dataset and Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11243.pdf)
>  Recognizing the emotional state of people is a basic but challenging task in video understanding. In this paper, we propose a new task in this field, named Pairwise Emotional Relationship Recognition (PERR). This task aims to recognize the emotional relationship between the two interactive characters in a given video clip. It is different from the traditional emotion and social relation recognition task. Varieties of information, consisting of character appearance, behaviors, facial emotions, dialogues, background music as well as subtitles contribute differently to the final results, which makes the task more challenging but meaningful in developing more advanced multi-modal models. To facilitate the task, we develop a new dataset called Emotional RelAtionship of inTeractiOn (ERATO) based on dramas and movies. ERATO is a large-scale multi-modal dataset for PERR task, which has 31,182 video clips, lasting about 203 video hours. Different from the existing datasets, ERATO contains interaction-centric videos with multi-shots, varied video length, and multiple modalities including visual, audio and text. As a minor contribution, we propose a baseline model composed of Synchronous Modal-Temporal Attention (SMTA) unit to fuse the multi-modal information for the PERR task. In contrast to other prevailing attention mechanisms, our proposed SMTA can steadily improve the performance by about 1\%. We expect the ERATO as well as our proposed SMTA to open up a new way for PERR task in video understanding and further improve the research of multi-modal fusion methodology.      
### 20.Towards Fine-grained 3D Face Dense Registration: An Optimal Dividing and Diffusing Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11204.pdf)
>  Dense vertex-to-vertex correspondence between 3D faces is a fundamental and challenging issue for 3D&amp;2D face analysis. While the sparse landmarks have anatomically ground-truth correspondence, the dense vertex correspondences on most facial regions are unknown. In this view, the current literatures commonly result in reasonable but diverse solutions, which deviate from the optimum to the 3D face dense registration problem. In this paper, we revisit dense registration by a dimension-degraded problem, i.e. proportional segmentation of a line, and employ an iterative dividing and diffusing method to reach the final solution uniquely. This method is then extended to 3D surface by formulating a local registration problem for dividing and a linear least-square problem for diffusing, with constraints on fixed features. On this basis, we further propose a multi-resolution algorithm to accelerate the computational process. The proposed method is linked to a novel local scaling metric, where we illustrate the physical meaning as smooth rearrangement for local cells of 3D facial shapes. Extensive experiments on public datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method in various aspects. Generally, the proposed method leads to coherent local registrations and elegant mesh grid routines for fine-grained 3D face dense registrations, which benefits many downstream applications significantly. It can also be applied to dense correspondence for other format of data which are not limited to face. The core code will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NaughtyZZ/3D_face_dense_registration" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.OH-Former: Omni-Relational High-Order Transformer for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11159.pdf)
>  Transformers have shown preferable performance on many vision tasks. However, for the task of person re-identification (ReID), vanilla transformers leave the rich contexts on high-order feature relations under-exploited and deteriorate local feature details, which are insufficient due to the dramatic variations of pedestrians. In this work, we propose an Omni-Relational High-Order Transformer (OH-Former) to model omni-relational features for ReID. First, to strengthen the capacity of visual representation, instead of obtaining the attention matrix based on pairs of queries and isolated keys at each spatial location, we take a step further to model high-order statistics information for the non-local mechanism. We share the attention weights in the corresponding layer of each order with a prior mixing mechanism to reduce the computation cost. Then, a convolution-based local relation perception module is proposed to extract the local relations and 2D position information. The experimental results of our model are superior promising, which show state-of-the-art performance on Market-1501, DukeMTMC, MSMT17 and Occluded-Duke datasets.      
### 22.A Novel Factor Graph-Based Optimization Technique for Stereo Correspondence Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11077.pdf)
>  Dense disparities among multiple views is essential for estimating the 3D architecture of a scene based on the geometrical relationship among the scene and the views or cameras. Scenes with larger extents of heterogeneous textures, differing scene illumination among the multiple views and with occluding objects affect the accuracy of the estimated disparities. Markov random fields (MRF) based methods for disparity estimation address these limitations using spatial dependencies among the observations and among the disparity estimates. These methods, however, are limited by spatially fixed and smaller neighborhood systems or cliques. In this work, we present a new factor graph-based probabilistic graphical model for disparity estimation that allows a larger and a spatially variable neighborhood structure determined based on the local scene characteristics. We evaluated our method using the Middlebury benchmark stereo datasets and the Middlebury evaluation dataset version 3.0 and compared its performance with recent state-of-the-art disparity estimation algorithms. The new factor graph-based method provided disparity estimates with higher accuracy when compared to the recent non-learning- and learning-based disparity estimation algorithms. In addition to disparity estimation, our factor graph formulation can be useful for obtaining maximum a posteriori solution to optimization problems with complex and variable dependency structures as well as for other dense estimation problems such as optical flow estimation.      
### 23.Learning to Downsample for Segmentation of Ultra-High Resolution Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11071.pdf)
>  Segmentation of ultra-high resolution images with deep learning is challenging because of their enormous size, often millions or even billions of pixels. Typical solutions drastically downsample the image uniformly to meet memory constraints, implicitly assuming all pixels equally important by sampling at the same density at all spatial locations. However this assumption is not true and compromises the performance of deep learning techniques that have proved powerful on standard-sized images. For example with uniform downsampling, see green boxed region in Fig.1, the rider and bike do not have enough corresponding samples while the trees and buildings are oversampled, and lead to a negative effect on the segmentation prediction from the low-resolution downsampled image. In this work we show that learning the spatially varying downsampling strategy jointly with segmentation offers advantages in segmenting large images with limited computational budget. Fig.1 shows that our method adapts the sampling density over different locations so that more samples are collected from the small important regions and less from the others, which in turn leads to better segmentation accuracy. We show on two public and one local high-resolution datasets that our method consistently learns sampling locations preserving more information and boosting segmentation accuracy over baseline methods.      
### 24.A two-step machine learning approach for crop disease detection: an application of GAN and UAV technology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11066.pdf)
>  Automated plant diagnosis is a technology that promises large increases in cost-efficiency for agriculture. However, multiple problems reduce the effectiveness of drones, including the inverse relationship between resolution and speed and the lack of adequate labeled training data. This paper presents a two-step machine learning approach that analyzes low-fidelity and high-fidelity images in sequence, preserving efficiency as well as accuracy. Two data-generators are also used to minimize class imbalance in the high-fidelity dataset and to produce low-fidelity data that is representative of UAV images. The analysis of applications and methods is conducted on a database of high-fidelity apple tree images which are corrupted with class imbalance. The application begins by generating high-fidelity data using generative networks and then uses this novel data alongside the original high-fidelity data to produce low-fidelity images. A machine-learning identifier identifies plants and labels them as potentially diseased or not. A machine learning classifier is then given the potentially diseased plant images and returns actual diagnoses for these plants. The results show an accuracy of 96.3% for the high-fidelity system and a 75.5% confidence level for our low-fidelity system. Our drone technology shows promising results in accuracy when compared to labor-based methods of diagnosis.      
### 25.Towards practical object detection for weed spraying in precision agriculture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11048.pdf)
>  The evolution of smaller, faster processors and cheaper digital storage mechanisms across the last 4-5 decades has vastly increased the opportunity to integrate intelligent technologies in a wide range of practical environments to address a broad spectrum of tasks. One exciting application domain for such technologies is precision agriculture, where the ability to integrate on-board machine vision with data-driven actuation means that farmers can make decisions about crop care and harvesting at the level of the individual plant rather than the whole field. This makes sense both economically and environmentally. However, the key driver for this capability is fast and robust machine vision -- typically driven by machine learning (ML) solutions and dependent on accurate modelling. One critical challenge is that the bulk of ML-based vision research considers only metrics that evaluate the accuracy of object detection and do not assess practical factors. This paper introduces three metrics that highlight different aspects relevant for real-world deployment of precision weeding and demonstrates their utility through experimental results.      
### 26.Cross-Modal Coherence for Text-to-Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11047.pdf)
>  Common image-text joint understanding techniques presume that images and the associated text can universally be characterized by a single implicit model. However, co-occurring images and text can be related in qualitatively different ways, and explicitly modeling it could improve the performance of current joint understanding models. In this paper, we train a Cross-Modal Coherence Modelfor text-to-image retrieval task. Our analysis shows that models trained with image--text coherence relations can retrieve images originally paired with target text more often than coherence-agnostic models. We also show via human evaluation that images retrieved by the proposed coherence-aware model are preferred over a coherence-agnostic baseline by a huge margin. Our findings provide insights into the ways that different modalities communicate and the role of coherence relations in capturing commonsense inferences in text and imagery.      
### 27.A Benchmark Comparison of Visual Place Recognition Techniques for Resource-Constrained Embedded Platforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11002.pdf)
>  Visual Place Recognition (VPR) has been a subject of significant research over the last 15 to 20 years. VPR is a fundamental task for autonomous navigation as it enables self-localization within an environment. Although robots are often equipped with resource-constrained hardware, the computational requirements of and effects on VPR techniques have received little attention. In this work, we present a hardware-focused benchmark evaluation of a number of state-of-the-art VPR techniques on public datasets. We consider popular single board computers, including ODroid, UP and Raspberry Pi 3, in addition to a commodity desktop and laptop for reference. We present our analysis based on several key metrics, including place-matching accuracy, image encoding time, descriptor matching time and memory needs. Key questions addressed include: (1) How does the performance accuracy of a VPR technique change with processor architecture? (2) How does power consumption vary for different VPR techniques and embedded platforms? (3) How much does descriptor size matter in comparison to today's embedded platforms' storage? (4) How does the performance of a high-end platform relate to an on-board low-end embedded platform for VPR? The extensive analysis and results in this work serve not only as a benchmark for the VPR community, but also provide useful insights for real-world adoption of VPR applications.      
### 28.An Efficient and Scalable Collection of Fly-inspired Voting Units for Visual Place Recognition in Changing Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10986.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art visual place recognition performance is currently being achieved utilizing deep learning based approaches. Despite the recent efforts in designing lightweight convolutional neural network based models, these can still be too expensive for the most hardware restricted robot applications. Low-overhead VPR techniques would not only enable platforms equipped with low-end, cheap hardware but also reduce computation on more powerful systems, allowing these resources to be allocated for other navigation tasks. In this work, our goal is to provide an algorithm of extreme compactness and efficiency while achieving state-of-the-art robustness to appearance changes and small point-of-view variations. Our first contribution is DrosoNet, an exceptionally compact model inspired by the odor processing abilities of the fruit fly, Drosophyla melanogaster. Our second and main contribution is a voting mechanism that leverages multiple small and efficient classifiers to achieve more robust and consistent VPR compared to a single one. We use DrosoNet as the baseline classifier for the voting mechanism and evaluate our models on five benchmark datasets, assessing moderate to extreme appearance changes and small to moderate viewpoint variations. We then compare the proposed algorithms to state-of-the-art methods, both in terms of precision-recall AUC results and computational efficiency.      
### 29.Learning Contrastive Representation for Semantic Correspondence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10967.pdf)
>  Dense correspondence across semantically related images has been extensively studied, but still faces two challenges: 1) large variations in appearance, scale and pose exist even for objects from the same category, and 2) labeling pixel-level dense correspondences is labor intensive and infeasible to scale. Most existing approaches focus on designing various matching approaches with fully-supervised ImageNet pretrained networks. On the other hand, while a variety of self-supervised approaches are proposed to explicitly measure image-level similarities, correspondence matching the pixel level remains under-explored. In this work, we propose a multi-level contrastive learning approach for semantic matching, which does not rely on any ImageNet pretrained model. We show that image-level contrastive learning is a key component to encourage the convolutional features to find correspondence between similar objects, while the performance can be further enhanced by regularizing cross-instance cycle-consistency at intermediate feature levels. Experimental results on the PF-PASCAL, PF-WILLOW, and SPair-71k benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art approaches. The source code and trained models will be made available to the public.      
### 30.T6D-Direct: Transformers for Multi-Object 6D Pose Direct Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10948.pdf)
>  6D pose estimation is the task of predicting the translation and orientation of objects in a given input image, which is a crucial prerequisite for many robotics and augmented reality applications. Lately, the Transformer Network architecture, equipped with a multi-head self-attention mechanism, is emerging to achieve state-of-the-art results in many computer vision tasks. DETR, a Transformer-based model, formulated object detection as a set prediction problem and achieved impressive results without standard components like region of interest pooling, non-maximal suppression, and bounding box proposals. In this work, we propose T6D-Direct, a real-time single-stage direct method with a transformer-based architecture built on DETR to perform 6D multi-object pose direct estimation. We evaluate the performance of our method on the YCB-Video dataset. Our method achieves the fastest inference time, and the pose estimation accuracy is comparable to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 31.Leveraging distributed contact force measurements for slip detection: a physics-based approach enabled by a data-driven tactile sensor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11504.pdf)
>  Grasping objects whose physical properties are unknown is still a great challenge in robotics. Most solutions rely entirely on visual data to plan the best grasping strategy. However, to match human abilities and be able to reliably pick and hold unknown objects, the integration of an artificial sense of touch in robotic systems is pivotal. This paper describes a novel model-based slip detection pipeline that can predict possibly failing grasps in real-time and signal a necessary increase in grip force. As such, the slip detector does not rely on manually collected data, but exploits physics to generalize across different tasks. To evaluate the approach, a state-of-the-art vision-based tactile sensor that accurately estimates distributed forces was integrated into a grasping setup composed of a six degrees-of-freedom cobot and a two-finger gripper. Results show that the system can reliably predict slip while manipulating objects of different shapes, materials, and weights. The sensor can detect both translational and rotational slip in various scenarios, making it suitable to improve the stability of a grasp.      
### 32.Improving Tuberculosis (TB) Prediction using Synthetically Generated Computed Tomography (CT) Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11480.pdf)
>  The evaluation of infectious disease processes on radiologic images is an important and challenging task in medical image analysis. Pulmonary infections can often be best imaged and evaluated through computed tomography (CT) scans, which are often not available in low-resource environments and difficult to obtain for critically ill patients. On the other hand, X-ray, a different type of imaging procedure, is inexpensive, often available at the bedside and more widely available, but offers a simpler, two dimensional image. We show that by relying on a model that learns to generate CT images from X-rays synthetically, we can improve the automatic disease classification accuracy and provide clinicians with a different look at the pulmonary disease process. Specifically, we investigate Tuberculosis (TB), a deadly bacterial infectious disease that predominantly affects the lungs, but also other organ systems. We show that relying on synthetically generated CT improves TB identification by 7.50% and distinguishes TB properties up to 12.16% better than the X-ray baseline.      
### 33.Revisit Geophysical Imaging in A New View of Physics-informed Generative Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11452.pdf)
>  Seismic full waveform inversion (FWI) is a powerful geophysical imaging technique that produces high-resolution subsurface models by iteratively minimizing the misfit between the simulated and observed seismograms. Unfortunately, conventional FWI with least-squares function suffers from many drawbacks such as the local-minima problem and computation of explicit gradient. It is particularly challenging with the contaminated measurements or poor starting models. Recent works relying on partial differential equations and neural networks show promising performance for two-dimensional FWI. Inspired by the competitive learning of generative adversarial networks, we proposed an unsupervised learning paradigm that integrates wave equation with a discriminate network to accurately estimate the physically consistent models in a distribution sense. Our framework needs no labelled training data nor pretraining of the network, is flexible to achieve multi-parameters inversion with minimal user interaction. The proposed method faithfully recovers the well-known synthetic models that outperforms the classical algorithms. Furthermore, our work paves the way to sidestep the local-minima issue via reducing the sensitivity to initial models and noise.      
### 34.The Hilti SLAM Challenge Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11316.pdf)
>  Accurate and robust pose estimation is a fundamental capability for autonomous systems to navigate, map and perform tasks. Particularly, construction environments pose challenging problem to Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) algorithms due to sparsity, varying illumination conditions, and dynamic objects. Current academic research in SLAM is focused on developing more accurate and robust algorithms for example by fusing different sensor modalities. To help this research, we propose a new dataset, the Hilti SLAM Challenge Dataset. The sensor platform used to collect this dataset contains a number of visual, lidar and inertial sensors which have all been rigorously calibrated. All data is temporally aligned to support precise multi-sensor fusion. Each dataset includes accurate ground truth to allow direct testing of SLAM results. Raw data as well as intrinsic and extrinsic sensor calibration data from twelve datasets in various environments is provided. Each environment represents common scenarios found in building construction sites in various stages of completion.      
### 35.Predicting the Timing of Camera Movements From the Kinematics of Instruments in Robotic-Assisted Surgery Using Artificial Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11192.pdf)
>  Robotic-assisted surgeries benefit both surgeons and patients, however, surgeons frequently need to adjust the endoscopic camera to achieve good viewpoints. Simultaneously controlling the camera and the surgical instruments is impossible, and consequentially, these camera adjustments repeatedly interrupt the surgery. Autonomous camera control could help overcome this challenge, but most existing systems are reactive, e.g., by having the camera follow the surgical instruments. We propose a predictive approach for anticipating when camera movements will occur using artificial neural networks. We used the kinematic data of the surgical instruments, which were recorded during robotic-assisted surgical training on porcine models. We split the data into segments, and labeled each either as a segment that immediately precedes a camera movement, or one that does not. Due to the large class imbalance, we trained an ensemble of networks, each on a balanced sub-set of the training data. We found that the instruments' kinematic data can be used to predict when camera movements will occur, and evaluated the performance on different segment durations and ensemble sizes. We also studied how much in advance an upcoming camera movement can be predicted, and found that predicting a camera movement 0.25, 0.5, and 1 second before they occurred achieved 98%, 94%, and 84% accuracy relative to the prediction of an imminent camera movement. This indicates that camera movement events can be predicted early enough to leave time for computing and executing an autonomous camera movement and suggests that an autonomous camera controller for RAMIS may one day be feasible.      
### 36.Clustering performance analysis using new correlation based cluster validity indices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11172.pdf)
>  There are various cluster validity measures used for evaluating clustering results. One of the main objective of using these measures is to seek the optimal unknown number of clusters. Some measures work well for clusters with different densities, sizes and shapes. Yet, one of the weakness that those validity measures share is that they sometimes provide only one clear optimal number of clusters. That number is actually unknown and there might be more than one potential sub-optimal options that a user may wish to choose based on different applications. We develop two new cluster validity indices based on a correlation between an actual distance between a pair of data points and a centroid distance of clusters that the two points locate in. Our proposed indices constantly yield several peaks at different numbers of clusters which overcome the weakness previously stated. Furthermore, the introduced correlation can also be used for evaluating the quality of a selected clustering result. Several experiments in different scenarios including the well-known iris data set and a real-world marketing application have been conducted in order to compare the proposed validity indices with several well-known ones.      
### 37.Adversarial Transfer Attacks With Unknown Data and Class Overlap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11125.pdf)
>  The ability to transfer adversarial attacks from one model (the surrogate) to another model (the victim) has been an issue of concern within the machine learning (ML) community. The ability to successfully evade unseen models represents an uncomfortable level of ease toward implementing attacks. In this work we note that as studied, current transfer attack research has an unrealistic advantage for the attacker: the attacker has the exact same training data as the victim. We present the first study of transferring adversarial attacks focusing on the data available to attacker and victim under imperfect settings without querying the victim, where there is some variable level of overlap in the exact data used or in the classes learned by each model. This threat model is relevant to applications in medicine, malware, and others. Under this new threat model attack success rate is not correlated with data or class overlap in the way one would expect, and varies with dataset. This makes it difficult for attacker and defender to reason about each other and contributes to the broader study of model robustness and security. We remedy this by developing a masked version of Projected Gradient Descent that simulates class disparity, which enables the attacker to reliably estimate a lower-bound on their attack's success.      
### 38.Rational Polynomial Camera Model Warping for Deep Learning Based Satellite Multi-View Stereo Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11121.pdf)
>  Satellite multi-view stereo (MVS) imagery is particularly suited for large-scale Earth surface reconstruction. Differing from the perspective camera model (pin-hole model) that is commonly used for close-range and aerial cameras, the cubic rational polynomial camera (RPC) model is the mainstream model for push-broom linear-array satellite cameras. However, the homography warping used in the prevailing learning based MVS methods is only applicable to pin-hole cameras. In order to apply the SOTA learning based MVS technology to the satellite MVS task for large-scale Earth surface reconstruction, RPC warping should be considered. In this work, we propose, for the first time, a rigorous RPC warping module. The rational polynomial coefficients are recorded as a tensor, and the RPC warping is formulated as a series of tensor transformations. Based on the RPC warping, we propose the deep learning based satellite MVS (SatMVS) framework for large-scale and wide depth range Earth surface reconstruction. We also introduce a large-scale satellite image dataset consisting of 519 5120${\times}$5120 images, which we call the TLC SatMVS dataset. The satellite images were acquired from a three-line camera (TLC) that catches triple-view images simultaneously, forming a valuable supplement to the existing open-source WorldView-3 datasets with single-scanline images. Experiments show that the proposed RPC warping module and the SatMVS framework can achieve a superior reconstruction accuracy compared to the pin-hole fitting method and conventional MVS methods. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/WHU-GPCV/SatMVS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Unseen Object Amodal Instance Segmentation via Hierarchical Occlusion Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11103.pdf)
>  Instance-aware segmentation of unseen objects is essential for a robotic system in an unstructured environment. Although previous works achieved encouraging results, they were limited to segmenting the only visible regions of unseen objects. For robotic manipulation in a cluttered scene, amodal perception is required to handle the occluded objects behind others. This paper addresses Unseen Object Amodal Instance Segmentation (UOAIS) to detect 1) visible masks, 2) amodal masks, and 3) occlusions on unseen object instances. For this, we propose a Hierarchical Occlusion Modeling (HOM) scheme designed to reason about the occlusion by assigning a hierarchy to a feature fusion and prediction order. We evaluated our method on three benchmarks (tabletop, indoors, and bin environments) and achieved state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance. Robot demos for picking up occluded objects, codes, and datasets are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/uoais" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 40.The CAMELS Multifield Dataset: Learning the Universe's Fundamental Parameters with Artificial Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10915.pdf)
>  We present the Cosmology and Astrophysics with MachinE Learning Simulations (CAMELS) Multifield Dataset, CMD, a collection of hundreds of thousands of 2D maps and 3D grids containing many different properties of cosmic gas, dark matter, and stars from 2,000 distinct simulated universes at several cosmic times. The 2D maps and 3D grids represent cosmic regions that span $\sim$100 million light years and have been generated from thousands of state-of-the-art hydrodynamic and gravity-only N-body simulations from the CAMELS project. Designed to train machine learning models, CMD is the largest dataset of its kind containing more than 70 Terabytes of data. In this paper we describe CMD in detail and outline a few of its applications. We focus our attention on one such task, parameter inference, formulating the problems we face as a challenge to the community. We release all data and provide further technical details at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://camels-multifield-dataset.readthedocs.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Mixed-supervised segmentation: Confidence maximization helps knowledge distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10902.pdf)
>  Despite achieving promising results in a breadth of medical image segmentation tasks, deep neural networks require large training datasets with pixel-wise annotations. Obtaining these curated datasets is a cumbersome process which limits the application in scenarios where annotated images are scarce. Mixed supervision is an appealing alternative for mitigating this obstacle, where only a small fraction of the data contains complete pixel-wise annotations and other images have a weaker form of supervision. In this work, we propose a dual-branch architecture, where the upper branch (teacher) receives strong annotations, while the bottom one (student) is driven by limited supervision and guided by the upper branch. Combined with a standard cross-entropy loss over the labeled pixels, our novel formulation integrates two important terms: (i) a Shannon entropy loss defined over the less-supervised images, which encourages confident student predictions in the bottom branch; and (ii) a Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence term, which transfers the knowledge of the strongly supervised branch to the less-supervised branch and guides the entropy (student-confidence) term to avoid trivial solutions. We show that the synergy between the entropy and KL divergence yields substantial improvements in performance. We also discuss an interesting link between Shannon-entropy minimization and standard pseudo-mask generation, and argue that the former should be preferred over the latter for leveraging information from unlabeled pixels. Quantitative and qualitative results on two publicly available datasets demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms other strategies for semantic segmentation within a mixed-supervision framework, as well as recent semi-supervised approaches. Moreover, we show that the branch trained with reduced supervision and guided by the top branch largely outperforms the latter.      
