# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 7 Sep 2021
### 1.ERA: Entity Relationship Aware Video Summarization with Wasserstein GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02625.pdf)
>  Video summarization aims to simplify large scale video browsing by generating concise, short summaries that diver from but well represent the original video. Due to the scarcity of video annotations, recent progress for video summarization concentrates on unsupervised methods, among which the GAN based methods are most prevalent. This type of methods includes a summarizer and a discriminator. The summarized video from the summarizer will be assumed as the final output, only if the video reconstructed from this summary cannot be discriminated from the original one by the discriminator. The primary problems of this GAN based methods are two folds. First, the summarized video in this way is a subset of original video with low redundancy and contains high priority events/entities. This summarization criterion is not enough. Second, the training of the GAN framework is not stable. This paper proposes a novel Entity relationship Aware video summarization method (ERA) to address the above problems. To be more specific, we introduce an Adversarial Spatio Temporal network to construct the relationship among entities, which we think should also be given high priority in the summarization. The GAN training problem is solved by introducing the Wasserstein GAN and two newly proposed video patch/score sum losses. In addition, the score sum loss can also relieve the model sensitivity to the varying video lengths, which is an inherent problem for most current video analysis tasks. Our method substantially lifts the performance on the target benchmark datasets and exceeds the current leaderboard Rank 1 state of the art CSNet (2.1% F1 score increase on TVSum and 3.1% F1 score increase on SumMe). We hope our straightforward yet effective approach will shed some light on the future research of unsupervised video summarization.      
### 2.Bridging the Gap between Events and Frames through Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02618.pdf)
>  Event cameras are novel sensors with outstanding properties such as high temporal resolution and high dynamic range. Despite these characteristics, event-based vision has been held back by the shortage of labeled datasets due to the novelty of event cameras. To overcome this drawback, we propose a task transfer method that allows models to be trained directly with labeled images and unlabeled event data. Compared to previous approaches, (i) our method transfers from single images to events instead of high frame rate videos, and (ii) does not rely on paired sensor data. To achieve this, we leverage the generative event model to split event features into content and motion features. This feature split enables to efficiently match the latent space for events and images, which is crucial for a successful task transfer. Thus, our approach unlocks the vast amount of existing image datasets for the training of event-based neural networks. Our task transfer method consistently outperforms methods applicable in the Unsupervised Domain Adaptation setting for object detection by 0.26 mAP (increase by 93%) and classification by 2.7% accuracy.      
### 3.The Animation Transformer: Visual Correspondence via Segment Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02614.pdf)
>  Visual correspondence is a fundamental building block on the way to building assistive tools for hand-drawn animation. However, while a large body of work has focused on learning visual correspondences at the pixel-level, few approaches have emerged to learn correspondence at the level of line enclosures (segments) that naturally occur in hand-drawn animation. Exploiting this structure in animation has numerous benefits: it avoids the intractable memory complexity of attending to individual pixels in high resolution images and enables the use of real-world animation datasets that contain correspondence information at the level of per-segment colors. To that end, we propose the Animation Transformer (AnT) which uses a transformer-based architecture to learn the spatial and visual relationships between segments across a sequence of images. AnT enables practical, state-of-art AI-assisted colorization for professional animation workflows and is publicly accessible as a creative tool in Cadmium.      
### 4.Class Semantics-based Attention for Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02613.pdf)
>  Action localization networks are often structured as a feature encoder sub-network and a localization sub-network, where the feature encoder learns to transform an input video to features that are useful for the localization sub-network to generate reliable action proposals. While some of the encoded features may be more useful for generating action proposals, prior action localization approaches do not include any attention mechanism that enables the localization sub-network to attend more to the more important features. In this paper, we propose a novel attention mechanism, the Class Semantics-based Attention (CSA), that learns from the temporal distribution of semantics of action classes present in an input video to find the importance scores of the encoded features, which are used to provide attention to the more useful encoded features. We demonstrate on two popular action detection datasets that incorporating our novel attention mechanism provides considerable performance gains on competitive action detection models (e.g., around 6.2% improvement over BMN action detection baseline to obtain 47.5% mAP on the THUMOS-14 dataset), and a new state-of-the-art of 36.25% mAP on the ActivityNet v1.3 dataset. Further, the CSA localization model family which includes BMN-CSA, was part of the second-placed submission at the 2021 ActivityNet action localization challenge. Our attention mechanism outperforms prior self-attention modules such as the squeeze-and-excitation in action detection task. We also observe that our attention mechanism is complementary to such self-attention modules in that performance improvements are seen when both are used together.      
### 5.From Contexts to Locality: Ultra-high Resolution Image Segmentation via Locality-aware Contextual Correlation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02580.pdf)
>  Ultra-high resolution image segmentation has raised increasing interests in recent years due to its realistic applications. In this paper, we innovate the widely used high-resolution image segmentation pipeline, in which an ultra-high resolution image is partitioned into regular patches for local segmentation and then the local results are merged into a high-resolution semantic mask. In particular, we introduce a novel locality-aware contextual correlation based segmentation model to process local patches, where the relevance between local patch and its various contexts are jointly and complementarily utilized to handle the semantic regions with large variations. Additionally, we present a contextual semantics refinement network that associates the local segmentation result with its contextual semantics, and thus is endowed with the ability of reducing boundary artifacts and refining mask contours during the generation of final high-resolution mask. Furthermore, in comprehensive experiments, we demonstrate that our model outperforms other state-of-the-art methods in public benchmarks. Our released codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/liqiokkk/FCtL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.3D Human Texture Estimation from a Single Image with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02563.pdf)
>  We propose a Transformer-based framework for 3D human texture estimation from a single image. The proposed Transformer is able to effectively exploit the global information of the input image, overcoming the limitations of existing methods that are solely based on convolutional neural networks. In addition, we also propose a mask-fusion strategy to combine the advantages of the RGB-based and texture-flow-based models. We further introduce a part-style loss to help reconstruct high-fidelity colors without introducing unpleasant artifacts. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method against state-of-the-art 3D human texture estimation approaches both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 7.Image In painting Applied to Art Completing Escher's Print Gallery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02536.pdf)
>  This extended abstract presents the first stages of a research on in-painting suited for art reconstruction. We introduce M.C Eschers Print Gallery lithography as a use case example. This artwork presents a void on its center and additionally, it follows a challenging mathematical structure that needs to be preserved by the in-painting method. We present our work so far and our future line of research.      
### 8.Pyramid R-CNN: Towards Better Performance and Adaptability for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02499.pdf)
>  We present a flexible and high-performance framework, named Pyramid R-CNN, for two-stage 3D object detection from point clouds. Current approaches generally rely on the points or voxels of interest for RoI feature extraction on the second stage, but cannot effectively handle the sparsity and non-uniform distribution of those points, and this may result in failures in detecting objects that are far away. To resolve the problems, we propose a novel second-stage module, named pyramid RoI head, to adaptively learn the features from the sparse points of interest. The pyramid RoI head consists of three key components. Firstly, we propose the RoI-grid Pyramid, which mitigates the sparsity problem by extensively collecting points of interest for each RoI in a pyramid manner. Secondly, we propose RoI-grid Attention, a new operation that can encode richer information from sparse points by incorporating conventional attention-based and graph-based point operators into a unified formulation. Thirdly, we propose the Density-Aware Radius Prediction (DARP) module, which can adapt to different point density levels by dynamically adjusting the focusing range of RoIs. Combining the three components, our pyramid RoI head is robust to the sparse and imbalanced circumstances, and can be applied upon various 3D backbones to consistently boost the detection performance. Extensive experiments show that Pyramid R-CNN outperforms the state-of-the-art 3D detection models by a large margin on both the KITTI dataset and the Waymo Open dataset.      
### 9.Voxel Transformer for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02497.pdf)
>  We present Voxel Transformer (VoTr), a novel and effective voxel-based Transformer backbone for 3D object detection from point clouds. Conventional 3D convolutional backbones in voxel-based 3D detectors cannot efficiently capture large context information, which is crucial for object recognition and localization, owing to the limited receptive fields. In this paper, we resolve the problem by introducing a Transformer-based architecture that enables long-range relationships between voxels by self-attention. Given the fact that non-empty voxels are naturally sparse but numerous, directly applying standard Transformer on voxels is non-trivial. To this end, we propose the sparse voxel module and the submanifold voxel module, which can operate on the empty and non-empty voxel positions effectively. To further enlarge the attention range while maintaining comparable computational overhead to the convolutional counterparts, we propose two attention mechanisms for multi-head attention in those two modules: Local Attention and Dilated Attention, and we further propose Fast Voxel Query to accelerate the querying process in multi-head attention. VoTr contains a series of sparse and submanifold voxel modules and can be applied in most voxel-based detectors. Our proposed VoTr shows consistent improvement over the convolutional baselines while maintaining computational efficiency on the KITTI dataset and the Waymo Open dataset.      
### 10.Complementary Calibration: Boosting General Continual Learning with Collaborative Distillation and Self-Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02426.pdf)
>  General Continual Learning (GCL) aims at learning from non independent and identically distributed stream data without catastrophic forgetting of the old tasks that don't rely on task boundaries during both training and testing stages. We reveal that the relation and feature deviations are crucial problems for catastrophic forgetting, in which relation deviation refers to the deficiency of the relationship among all classes in knowledge distillation, and feature deviation refers to indiscriminative feature representations. To this end, we propose a Complementary Calibration (CoCa) framework by mining the complementary model's outputs and features to alleviate the two deviations in the process of GCL. Specifically, we propose a new collaborative distillation approach for addressing the relation deviation. It distills model's outputs by utilizing ensemble dark knowledge of new model's outputs and reserved outputs, which maintains the performance of old tasks as well as balancing the relationship among all classes. Furthermore, we explore a collaborative self-supervision idea to leverage pretext tasks and supervised contrastive learning for addressing the feature deviation problem by learning complete and discriminative features for all classes. Extensive experiments on four popular datasets show that our CoCa framework achieves superior performance against state-of-the-art methods.      
### 11.Less is More: Lighter and Faster Deep Neural Architecture for Tomato Leaf Disease Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02394.pdf)
>  To ensure global food security and the overall profit of stakeholders, the importance of correctly detecting and classifying plant diseases is paramount. In this connection, the emergence of deep learning-based image classification has introduced a substantial number of solutions. However, the applicability of these solutions in low-end devices requires fast, accurate, and computationally inexpensive systems. This work proposes a lightweight transfer learning-based approach for detecting diseases from tomato leaves. It utilizes an effective preprocessing method to enhance the leaf images with illumination correction for improved classification. Our system extracts features using a combined model consisting of a pretrained MobileNetV2 architecture and a classifier network for effective prediction. Traditional augmentation approaches are replaced by runtime augmentation to avoid data leakage and address the class imbalance issue. Evaluation on tomato leaf images from the PlantVillage dataset shows that the proposed architecture achieves 99.30% accuracy with a model size of 9.60MB and 4.87M floating-point operations, making it a suitable choice for real-life applications in low-end devices. Our codes and models will be made available upon publication.      
### 12.Robust Event Detection based on Spatio-Temporal Latent Action Unit using Skeletal Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02376.pdf)
>  This paper propose a novel dictionary learning approach to detect event action using skeletal information extracted from RGBD video. The event action is represented as several latent atoms and composed of latent spatial and temporal attributes. We perform the method at the example of fall event detection. The skeleton frames are clustered by an initial K-means method. Each skeleton frame is assigned with a varying weight parameter and fed into our Gradual Online Dictionary Learning (GODL) algorithm. During the training process, outlier frames will be gradually filtered by reducing the weight that is inversely proportional to a cost. In order to strictly distinguish the event action from similar actions and robustly acquire its action unit, we build a latent unit temporal structure for each sub-action. We evaluate the proposed method on parts of the NTURGB+D dataset, which includes 209 fall videos, 405 ground-lift videos, 420 sit-down videos, and 280 videos of 46 otheractions. We present the experimental validation of the achieved accuracy, recall and precision. Our approach achieves the bestperformance on precision and accuracy of human fall event detection, compared with other existing dictionary learning methods. With increasing noise ratio, our method remains the highest accuracy and the lowest variance.      
### 13.Improved RAMEN: Towards Domain Generalization for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02370.pdf)
>  Currently nearing human-level performance, Visual Question Answering (VQA) is an emerging area in artificial intelligence. <br>Established as a multi-disciplinary field in machine learning, both computer vision and natural language processing communities are working together to achieve state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance. <br>However, there is a gap between the SOTA results and real world applications. <br>This is due to the lack of model generalisation. <br>The RAMEN model \cite{Shrestha2019} aimed to achieve domain generalization by obtaining the highest score across two main types of VQA datasets. <br>This study provides two major improvements to the early/late fusion module and aggregation module of the RAMEN architecture, with the objective of further strengthening domain generalization. <br>Vector operations based fusion strategies are introduced for the fusion module and the transformer architecture is introduced for the aggregation module. <br>Improvements of up to five VQA datasets from the experiments conducted are evident. <br>Following the results, this study analyses the effects of both the improvements on the domain generalization problem. <br>The code is available on GitHub though the following link \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bhanukaManesha/ramen" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 14.Point-Based Neural Rendering with Per-View Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02369.pdf)
>  There has recently been great interest in neural rendering methods. Some approaches use 3D geometry reconstructed with Multi-View Stereo (MVS) but cannot recover from the errors of this process, while others directly learn a volumetric neural representation, but suffer from expensive training and inference. We introduce a general approach that is initialized with MVS, but allows further optimization of scene properties in the space of input views, including depth and reprojected features, resulting in improved novel-view synthesis. A key element of our approach is our new differentiable point-based pipeline, based on bi-directional Elliptical Weighted Average splatting, a probabilistic depth test and effective camera selection. We use these elements together in our neural renderer, that outperforms all previous methods both in quality and speed in almost all scenes we tested. Our pipeline can be applied to multi-view harmonization and stylization in addition to novel-view synthesis.      
### 15.Comparing the Machine Readability of Traffic Sign Pictograms in Austria and Germany  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02362.pdf)
>  We compare the machine readability of pictograms found on Austrian and German traffic signs. To that end, we train classification models on synthetic data sets and evaluate their classification accuracy in a controlled setting. In particular, we focus on differences between currently deployed pictograms in the two countries, and a set of new pictograms designed to increase human readability. Besides other results, we find that machine-learning models generalize poorly to data sets with pictogram designs they have not been trained on. We conclude that manufacturers of advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) must take special care to properly address small visual differences between current and newly designed traffic sign pictograms, as well as between pictograms from different countries.      
### 16.Visual Recognition with Deep Learning from Biased Image Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02357.pdf)
>  In practice, and more especially when training deep neural networks, visual recognition rules are often learned based on various sources of information. On the other hand, the recent deployment of facial recognition systems with uneven predictive performances on different population segments highlights the representativeness issues possibly induced by a naive aggregation of image datasets. Indeed, sampling bias does not vanish simply by considering larger datasets, and ignoring its impact may completely jeopardize the generalization capacity of the learned prediction rules. In this paper, we show how biasing models, originally introduced for nonparametric estimation in (Gill et al., 1988), and recently revisited from the perspective of statistical learning theory in (Laforgue and Clémençon, 2019), can be applied to remedy these problems in the context of visual recognition. Based on the (approximate) knowledge of the biasing mechanisms at work, our approach consists in reweighting the observations, so as to form a nearly debiased estimator of the target distribution. One key condition for our method to be theoretically valid is that the supports of the distributions generating the biased datasets at disposal must overlap, and cover the support of the target distribution. In order to meet this requirement in practice, we propose to use a low dimensional image representation, shared across the image databases. Finally, we provide numerical experiments highlighting the relevance of our approach whenever the biasing functions are appropriately chosen.      
### 17.Tensor Normalization and Full Distribution Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02345.pdf)
>  In this work, we introduce pixel wise tensor normalization, which is inserted after rectifier linear units and, together with batch normalization, provides a significant improvement in the accuracy of modern deep neural networks. In addition, this work deals with the robustness of networks. We show that the factorized superposition of images from the training set and the reformulation of the multi class problem into a multi-label problem yields significantly more robust networks. The reformulation and the adjustment of the multi class log loss also improves the results compared to the overlay with only one class as label. <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://atreus.informatik.uni-tuebingen.de/seafile/d/8e2ab8c3fdd444e1a135/?p=%2FTNandFDT&amp;mode=list" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 18.Information Theory-Guided Heuristic Progressive Multi-View Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02344.pdf)
>  Multi-view representation learning captures comprehensive information from multiple views of a shared context. Recent works intuitively apply contrastive learning (CL) to learn representations, regarded as a pairwise manner, which is still scalable: view-specific noise is not filtered in learning view-shared representations; the fake negative pairs, where the negative terms are actually within the same class as the positive, and the real negative pairs are coequally treated; and evenly measuring the similarities between terms might interfere with optimization. Importantly, few works research the theoretical framework of generalized self-supervised multi-view learning, especially for more than two views. To this end, we rethink the existing multi-view learning paradigm from the information theoretical perspective and then propose a novel information theoretical framework for generalized multi-view learning. Guided by it, we build a multi-view coding method with a three-tier progressive architecture, namely Information theory-guided heuristic Progressive Multi-view Coding (IPMC). In the distribution-tier, IPMC aligns the distribution between views to reduce view-specific noise. In the set-tier, IPMC builds self-adjusted pools for contrasting, which utilizes a view filter to adaptively modify the pools. Lastly, in the instance-tier, we adopt a designed unified loss to learn discriminative representations and reduce the gradient interference. Theoretically and empirically, we demonstrate the superiority of IPMC over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 19.Encoder-decoder with Multi-level Attention for 3D Human Shape and Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02303.pdf)
>  3D human shape and pose estimation is the essential task for human motion analysis, which is widely used in many 3D applications. However, existing methods cannot simultaneously capture the relations at multiple levels, including spatial-temporal level and human joint level. Therefore they fail to make accurate predictions in some hard scenarios when there is cluttered background, occlusion, or extreme pose. To this end, we propose Multi-level Attention Encoder-Decoder Network (MAED), including a Spatial-Temporal Encoder (STE) and a Kinematic Topology Decoder (KTD) to model multi-level attentions in a unified framework. STE consists of a series of cascaded blocks based on Multi-Head Self-Attention, and each block uses two parallel branches to learn spatial and temporal attention respectively. Meanwhile, KTD aims at modeling the joint level attention. It regards pose estimation as a top-down hierarchical process similar to SMPL kinematic tree. With the training set of 3DPW, MAED outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods by 6.2, 7.2, and 2.4 mm of PA-MPJPE on the three widely used benchmarks 3DPW, MPI-INF-3DHP, and Human3.6M respectively. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ziniuwan/maed" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Toward Realistic Single-View 3D Object Reconstruction with Unsupervised Learning from Multiple Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02288.pdf)
>  Recovering the 3D structure of an object from a single image is a challenging task due to its ill-posed nature. One approach is to utilize the plentiful photos of the same object category to learn a strong 3D shape prior for the object. This approach has successfully been demonstrated by a recent work of Wu et al. (2020), which obtained impressive 3D reconstruction networks with unsupervised learning. However, their algorithm is only applicable to symmetric objects. In this paper, we eliminate the symmetry requirement with a novel unsupervised algorithm that can learn a 3D reconstruction network from a multi-image dataset. Our algorithm is more general and covers the symmetry-required scenario as a special case. Besides, we employ a novel albedo loss that improves the reconstructed details and realisticity. Our method surpasses the previous work in both quality and robustness, as shown in experiments on datasets of various structures, including single-view, multi-view, image-collection, and video sets.      
### 21.Does Melania Trump have a body double from the perspective of automatic face recognition?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02283.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore whether automatic face recognition can help in verifying widespread misinformation on social media, particularly conspiracy theories that are based on the existence of body doubles. The conspiracy theory addressed in this paper is the case of the Melania Trump body double. We employed four different state-of-the-art descriptors for face recognition to verify the integrity of the claim of the studied conspiracy theory. In addition, we assessed the impact of different image quality metrics on the variation of face recognition results. Two sets of image quality metrics were considered: acquisition-related metrics and subject-related metrics.      
### 22.Exploiting Spatial-Temporal Semantic Consistency for Video Scene Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02281.pdf)
>  Compared with image scene parsing, video scene parsing introduces temporal information, which can effectively improve the consistency and accuracy of prediction. In this paper, we propose a Spatial-Temporal Semantic Consistency method to capture class-exclusive context information. Specifically, we design a spatial-temporal consistency loss to constrain the semantic consistency in spatial and temporal dimensions. In addition, we adopt an pseudo-labeling strategy to enrich the training dataset. We obtain the scores of 59.84% and 58.85% mIoU on development (test part 1) and testing set of VSPW, respectively. And our method wins the 1st place on VSPW challenge at ICCV2021.      
### 23.CTRL-C: Camera calibration TRansformer with Line-Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02259.pdf)
>  Single image camera calibration is the task of estimating the camera parameters from a single input image, such as the vanishing points, focal length, and horizon line. In this work, we propose Camera calibration TRansformer with Line-Classification (CTRL-C), an end-to-end neural network-based approach to single image camera calibration, which directly estimates the camera parameters from an image and a set of line segments. Our network adopts the transformer architecture to capture the global structure of an image with multi-modal inputs in an end-to-end manner. We also propose an auxiliary task of line classification to train the network to extract the global geometric information from lines effectively. Our experiments demonstrate that CTRL-C outperforms the previous state-of-the-art methods on the Google Street View and SUN360 benchmark datasets.      
### 24.Self-supervised Product Quantization for Deep Unsupervised Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02244.pdf)
>  Supervised deep learning-based hash and vector quantization are enabling fast and large-scale image retrieval systems. By fully exploiting label annotations, they are achieving outstanding retrieval performances compared to the conventional methods. However, it is painstaking to assign labels precisely for a vast amount of training data, and also, the annotation process is error-prone. To tackle these issues, we propose the first deep unsupervised image retrieval method dubbed Self-supervised Product Quantization (SPQ) network, which is label-free and trained in a self-supervised manner. We design a Cross Quantized Contrastive learning strategy that jointly learns codewords and deep visual descriptors by comparing individually transformed images (views). Our method analyzes the image contents to extract descriptive features, allowing us to understand image representations for accurate retrieval. By conducting extensive experiments on benchmarks, we demonstrate that the proposed method yields state-of-the-art results even without supervised pretraining.      
### 25.Image recognition via Vietoris-Rips complex  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02231.pdf)
>  Extracting informative features from images has been of capital importance in computer vision. In this paper, we propose a way to extract such features from images by a method based on algebraic topology. To that end, we construct a weighted graph from an image, which extracts local information of an image. By considering this weighted graph as a pseudo-metric space, we construct a Vietoris-Rips complex with a parameter $\varepsilon$ by a well-known process of algebraic topology. We can extract information of complexity of the image and can detect a sub-image with a relatively high concentration of information from this Vietoris-Rips complex. The parameter $\varepsilon$ of the Vietoris-Rips complex produces robustness to noise. We empirically show that the extracted feature captures well images' characteristics.      
### 26.Learning to Generate Scene Graph from Natural Language Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02227.pdf)
>  Learning from image-text data has demonstrated recent success for many recognition tasks, yet is currently limited to visual features or individual visual concepts such as objects. In this paper, we propose one of the first methods that learn from image-sentence pairs to extract a graphical representation of localized objects and their relationships within an image, known as scene graph. To bridge the gap between images and texts, we leverage an off-the-shelf object detector to identify and localize object instances, match labels of detected regions to concepts parsed from captions, and thus create "pseudo" labels for learning scene graph. Further, we design a Transformer-based model to predict these "pseudo" labels via a masked token prediction task. Learning from only image-sentence pairs, our model achieves 30% relative gain over a latest method trained with human-annotated unlocalized scene graphs. Our model also shows strong results for weakly and fully supervised scene graph generation. In addition, we explore an open-vocabulary setting for detecting scene graphs, and present the first result for open-set scene graph generation. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YiwuZhong/SGG_from_NLS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.GeneAnnotator: A Semi-automatic Annotation Tool for Visual Scene Graph  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02226.pdf)
>  In this manuscript, we introduce a semi-automatic scene graph annotation tool for images, the GeneAnnotator. This software allows human annotators to describe the existing relationships between participators in the visual scene in the form of directed graphs, hence enabling the learning and reasoning on visual relationships, e.g., image captioning, VQA and scene graph generation, etc. The annotations for certain image datasets could either be merged in a single VG150 data-format file to support most existing models for scene graph learning or transformed into a separated annotation file for each single image to build customized datasets. Moreover, GeneAnnotator provides a rule-based relationship recommending algorithm to reduce the heavy annotation workload. With GeneAnnotator, we propose Traffic Genome, a comprehensive scene graph dataset with 1000 diverse traffic images, which in return validates the effectiveness of the proposed software for scene graph annotation. The project source code, with usage examples and sample data is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Milomilo0320/A-Semi-automatic-Annotation-Software-for-Scene-Graph" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, under the Apache open-source license.      
### 28.GDP: Stabilized Neural Network Pruning via Gates with Differentiable Polarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02220.pdf)
>  Model compression techniques are recently gaining explosive attention for obtaining efficient AI models for various real-time applications. Channel pruning is one important compression strategy and is widely used in slimming various DNNs. Previous gate-based or importance-based pruning methods aim to remove channels whose importance is smallest. However, it remains unclear what criteria the channel importance should be measured on, leading to various channel selection heuristics. Some other sampling-based pruning methods deploy sampling strategies to train sub-nets, which often causes the training instability and the compressed model's degraded performance. In view of the research gaps, we present a new module named Gates with Differentiable Polarization (GDP), inspired by principled optimization ideas. GDP can be plugged before convolutional layers without bells and whistles, to control the on-and-off of each channel or whole layer block. During the training process, the polarization effect will drive a subset of gates to smoothly decrease to exact zero, while other gates gradually stay away from zero by a large margin. When training terminates, those zero-gated channels can be painlessly removed, while other non-zero gates can be absorbed into the succeeding convolution kernel, causing completely no interruption to training nor damage to the trained model. Experiments conducted over CIFAR-10 and ImageNet datasets show that the proposed GDP algorithm achieves the state-of-the-art performance on various benchmark DNNs at a broad range of pruning ratios. We also apply GDP to DeepLabV3Plus-ResNet50 on the challenging Pascal VOC segmentation task, whose test performance sees no drop (even slightly improved) with over 60% FLOPs saving.      
### 29.Reasoning Graph Networks for Kinship Verification: from Star-shaped to Hierarchical  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02219.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the problem of facial kinship verification by learning hierarchical reasoning graph networks. Conventional methods usually focus on learning discriminative features for each facial image of a paired sample and neglect how to fuse the obtained two facial image features and reason about the relations between them. To address this, we propose a Star-shaped Reasoning Graph Network (S-RGN). Our S-RGN first constructs a star-shaped graph where each surrounding node encodes the information of comparisons in a feature dimension and the central node is employed as the bridge for the interaction of surrounding nodes. Then we perform relational reasoning on this star graph with iterative message passing. The proposed S-RGN uses only one central node to analyze and process information from all surrounding nodes, which limits its reasoning capacity. We further develop a Hierarchical Reasoning Graph Network (H-RGN) to exploit more powerful and flexible capacity. More specifically, our H-RGN introduces a set of latent reasoning nodes and constructs a hierarchical graph with them. Then bottom-up comparative information abstraction and top-down comprehensive signal propagation are iteratively performed on the hierarchical graph to update the node features. Extensive experimental results on four widely used kinship databases show that the proposed methods achieve very competitive results.      
### 30.Learning Fine-Grained Motion Embedding for Landscape Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02216.pdf)
>  In this paper we focus on landscape animation, which aims to generate time-lapse videos from a single landscape image. Motion is crucial for landscape animation as it determines how objects move in videos. Existing methods are able to generate appealing videos by learning motion from real time-lapse videos. However, current methods suffer from inaccurate motion generation, which leads to unrealistic video results. To tackle this problem, we propose a model named FGLA to generate high-quality and realistic videos by learning Fine-Grained motion embedding for Landscape Animation. Our model consists of two parts: (1) a motion encoder which embeds time-lapse motion in a fine-grained way. (2) a motion generator which generates realistic motion to animate input images. To train and evaluate on diverse time-lapse videos, we build the largest high-resolution Time-lapse video dataset with Diverse scenes, namely Time-lapse-D, which includes 16,874 video clips with over 10 million frames. Quantitative and qualitative experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method. In particular, our method achieves relative improvements by 19% on LIPIS and 5.6% on FVD compared with state-of-the-art methods on our dataset. A user study carried out with 700 human subjects shows that our approach visually outperforms existing methods by a large margin.      
### 31.Parsing Table Structures in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02199.pdf)
>  This paper tackles the problem of table structure parsing (TSP) from images in the wild. In contrast to existing studies that mainly focus on parsing well-aligned tabular images with simple layouts from scanned PDF documents, we aim to establish a practical table structure parsing system for real-world scenarios where tabular input images are taken or scanned with severe deformation, bending or occlusions. For designing such a system, we propose an approach named Cycle-CenterNet on the top of CenterNet with a novel cycle-pairing module to simultaneously detect and group tabular cells into structured tables. In the cycle-pairing module, a new pairing loss function is proposed for the network training. Alongside with our Cycle-CenterNet, we also present a large-scale dataset, named Wired Table in the Wild (WTW), which includes well-annotated structure parsing of multiple style tables in several scenes like the photo, scanning files, web pages, \emph{etc.}. In experiments, we demonstrate that our Cycle-CenterNet consistently achieves the best accuracy of table structure parsing on the new WTW dataset by 24.6\% absolute improvement evaluated by the TEDS metric. A more comprehensive experimental analysis also validates the advantages of our proposed methods for the TSP task.      
### 32.Square Root Marginalization for Sliding-Window Bundle Adjustment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02182.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a novel square root sliding-window bundle adjustment suitable for real-time odometry applications. The square root formulation pervades three major aspects of our optimization-based sliding-window estimator: for bundle adjustment we eliminate landmark variables with nullspace projection; to store the marginalization prior we employ a matrix square root of the Hessian; and when marginalizing old poses we avoid forming normal equations and update the square root prior directly with a specialized QR decomposition. We show that the proposed square root marginalization is algebraically equivalent to the conventional use of Schur complement (SC) on the Hessian. Moreover, it elegantly deals with rank-deficient Jacobians producing a prior equivalent to SC with Moore-Penrose inverse. Our evaluation of visual and visual-inertial odometry on real-world datasets demonstrates that the proposed estimator is 36% faster than the baseline. It furthermore shows that in single precision, conventional Hessian-based marginalization leads to numeric failures and reduced accuracy. We analyse numeric properties of the marginalization prior to explain why our square root form does not suffer from the same effect and therefore entails superior performance.      
### 33.Robust Attentive Deep Neural Network for Exposing GAN-generated Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02167.pdf)
>  GAN-based techniques that generate and synthesize realistic faces have caused severe social concerns and security problems. Existing methods for detecting GAN-generated faces can perform well on limited public datasets. However, images from existing public datasets do not represent real-world scenarios well enough in terms of view variations and data distributions (where real faces largely outnumber synthetic faces). The state-of-the-art methods do not generalize well in real-world problems and lack the interpretability of detection results. Performance of existing GAN-face detection models degrades significantly when facing imbalanced data distributions. To address these shortcomings, we propose a robust, attentive, end-to-end network that can spot GAN-generated faces by analyzing their eye inconsistencies. Specifically, our model learns to identify inconsistent eye components by localizing and comparing the iris artifacts between the two eyes automatically. Our deep network addresses the imbalance learning issues by considering the AUC loss and the traditional cross-entropy loss jointly. Comprehensive evaluations of the FFHQ dataset in terms of both balanced and imbalanced scenarios demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method.      
### 34.Spatial Domain Feature Extraction Methods for Unconstrained Handwritten Malayalam Character Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02153.pdf)
>  Handwritten character recognition is an active research challenge,especially for Indian scripts. This paper deals with handwritten Malayalam, with a complete set of basic characters, vowel and consonant signs and compound characters that may be present in the script. Spatial domain features suitable for recognition are chosen in this work. For classification, k-NN, SVM and ELM are employed      
### 35.Efficient Action Recognition Using Confidence Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02137.pdf)
>  Modern neural networks are powerful predictive models. However, when it comes to recognizing that they may be wrong about their predictions, they perform poorly. For example, for one of the most common activation functions, the ReLU and its variants, even a well-calibrated model can produce incorrect but high confidence predictions. In the related task of action recognition, most current classification methods are based on clip-level classifiers that densely sample a given video for non-overlapping, same-sized clips and aggregate the results using an aggregation function - typically averaging - to achieve video level predictions. While this approach has shown to be effective, it is sub-optimal in recognition accuracy and has a high computational overhead. To mitigate both these issues, we propose the confidence distillation framework to teach a representation of uncertainty of the teacher to the student sampler and divide the task of full video prediction between the student and the teacher models. We conduct extensive experiments on three action recognition datasets and demonstrate that our framework achieves significant improvements in action recognition accuracy (up to 20%) and computational efficiency (more than 40%).      
### 36.Stochastic Neural Radiance Fields:Quantifying Uncertainty in Implicit 3D Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02123.pdf)
>  Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) has become a popular framework for learning implicit 3D representations and addressing different tasks such as novel-view synthesis or depth-map estimation. However, in downstream applications where decisions need to be made based on automatic predictions, it is critical to leverage the confidence associated with the model estimations. Whereas uncertainty quantification is a long-standing problem in Machine Learning, it has been largely overlooked in the recent NeRF literature. In this context, we propose Stochastic Neural Radiance Fields (S-NeRF), a generalization of standard NeRF that learns a probability distribution over all the possible radiance fields modeling the scene. This distribution allows to quantify the uncertainty associated with the scene information provided by the model. S-NeRF optimization is posed as a Bayesian learning problem which is efficiently addressed using the Variational Inference framework. Exhaustive experiments over benchmark datasets demonstrate that S-NeRF is able to provide more reliable predictions and confidence values than generic approaches previously proposed for uncertainty estimation in other domains.      
### 37.Identification of Driver Phone Usage Violations via State-of-the-Art Object Detection with Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02119.pdf)
>  The use of mobiles phones when driving have been a major factor when it comes to road traffic incidents and the process of capturing such violations can be a laborious task. Advancements in both modern object detection frameworks and high-performance hardware has paved the way for a more automated approach when it comes to video surveillance. In this work, we propose a custom-trained state-of-the-art object detector to work with roadside cameras to capture driver phone usage without the need for human intervention. The proposed approach also addresses the issues caused by windscreen glare and introduces the steps required to remedy this. Twelve pre-trained models are fine-tuned with our custom dataset using four popular object detection methods: YOLO, SSD, Faster R-CNN, and CenterNet. Out of all the object detectors tested, the YOLO yields the highest accuracy levels of up to 96% (AP10) and frame rates of up to ~30 FPS. DeepSort object tracking algorithm is also integrated into the best-performing model to collect records of only the unique violations, and enable the proposed approach to count the number of vehicles. The proposed automated system will collect the output images of the identified violations, timestamps of each violation, and total vehicle count. Data can be accessed via a purpose-built user interface.      
### 38.Underwater 3D Reconstruction Using Light Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02116.pdf)
>  Underwater 3D reconstruction is challenging due to the refraction of light at the water-air interface (most electronic devices cannot be directly submerged in water). In this paper, we present an underwater 3D reconstruction solution using light field cameras. We first develop a light field camera calibration algorithm that simultaneously estimates the camera parameters and the geometry of the water-air interface. We then design a novel depth estimation algorithm for 3D reconstruction. Specifically, we match correspondences on curved epipolar lines caused by water refraction. We also observe that the view-dependent specular reflection is very weak in the underwater environment, resulting the angularly sampled rays in light field has uniform intensity. We therefore propose an angular uniformity constraint for depth optimization. We also develop a fast algorithm for locating the angular patches in presence of non-linear light paths. Extensive synthetic and real experiments demonstrate that our method can perform underwater 3D reconstruction with high accuracy.      
### 39.Deep Person Generation: A Survey from the Perspective of Face, Pose and Cloth Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02081.pdf)
>  Deep person generation has attracted extensive research attention due to its wide applications in virtual agents, video conferencing, online shopping and art/movie production. With the advancement of deep learning, visual appearances (face, pose, cloth) of a person image can be easily generated or manipulated on demand. In this survey, we first summarize the scope of person generation, and then systematically review recent progress and technical trends in deep person generation, covering three major tasks: talking-head generation (face), pose-guided person generation (pose) and garment-oriented person generation (cloth). More than two hundred papers are covered for a thorough overview, and the milestone works are highlighted to witness the major technical breakthrough. Based on these fundamental tasks, a number of applications are investigated, e.g., virtual fitting, digital human, generative data augmentation. We hope this survey could shed some light on the future prospects of deep person generation, and provide a helpful foundation for full applications towards digital human.      
### 40.Fusformer: A Transformer-based Fusion Approach for Hyperspectral Image Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02079.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image has become increasingly crucial due to its abundant spectral information. However, It has poor spatial resolution with the limitation of the current imaging mechanism. Nowadays, many convolutional neural networks have been proposed for the hyperspectral image super-resolution problem. However, convolutional neural network (CNN) based methods only consider the local information instead of the global one with the limited kernel size of receptive field in the convolution operation. In this paper, we design a network based on the transformer for fusing the low-resolution hyperspectral images and high-resolution multispectral images to obtain the high-resolution hyperspectral images. Thanks to the representing ability of the transformer, our approach is able to explore the intrinsic relationships of features globally. Furthermore, considering the LR-HSIs hold the main spectral structure, the network focuses on the spatial detail estimation releasing from the burden of reconstructing the whole data. It reduces the mapping space of the proposed network, which enhances the final performance. Various experiments and quality indexes show our approach's superiority compared with other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 41.Hierarchical Object-to-Zone Graph for Object Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02066.pdf)
>  The goal of object navigation is to reach the expected objects according to visual information in the unseen environments. Previous works usually implement deep models to train an agent to predict actions in real-time. However, in the unseen environment, when the target object is not in egocentric view, the agent may not be able to make wise decisions due to the lack of guidance. In this paper, we propose a hierarchical object-to-zone (HOZ) graph to guide the agent in a coarse-to-fine manner, and an online-learning mechanism is also proposed to update HOZ according to the real-time observation in new environments. In particular, the HOZ graph is composed of scene nodes, zone nodes and object nodes. With the pre-learned HOZ graph, the real-time observation and the target goal, the agent can constantly plan an optimal path from zone to zone. In the estimated path, the next potential zone is regarded as sub-goal, which is also fed into the deep reinforcement learning model for action prediction. Our methods are evaluated on the AI2-Thor simulator. In addition to widely used evaluation metrics SR and SPL, we also propose a new evaluation metric of SAE that focuses on the effective action rate. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed method.      
### 42.Deep Saliency Prior for Reducing Visual Distraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01980.pdf)
>  Using only a model that was trained to predict where people look at images, and no additional training data, we can produce a range of powerful editing effects for reducing distraction in images. Given an image and a mask specifying the region to edit, we backpropagate through a state-of-the-art saliency model to parameterize a differentiable editing operator, such that the saliency within the masked region is reduced. We demonstrate several operators, including: a recoloring operator, which learns to apply a color transform that camouflages and blends distractors into their surroundings; a warping operator, which warps less salient image regions to cover distractors, gradually collapsing objects into themselves and effectively removing them (an effect akin to inpainting); a GAN operator, which uses a semantic prior to fully replace image regions with plausible, less salient alternatives. The resulting effects are consistent with cognitive research on the human visual system (e.g., since color mismatch is salient, the recoloring operator learns to harmonize objects' colors with their surrounding to reduce their saliency), and, importantly, are all achieved solely through the guidance of the pretrained saliency model, with no additional supervision. We present results on a variety of natural images and conduct a perceptual study to evaluate and validate the changes in viewers' eye-gaze between the original images and our edited results.      
### 43.Utilizing Adversarial Targeted Attacks to Boost Adversarial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01945.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks have been shown to be highly effective at degrading the performance of deep neural networks (DNNs). The most prominent defense is adversarial training, a method for learning a robust model. Nevertheless, adversarial training does not make DNNs immune to adversarial perturbations. We propose a novel solution by adopting the recently suggested Predictive Normalized Maximum Likelihood. Specifically, our defense performs adversarial targeted attacks according to different hypotheses, where each hypothesis assumes a specific label for the test sample. Then, by comparing the hypothesis probabilities, we predict the label. Our refinement process corresponds to recent findings of the adversarial subspace properties. We extensively evaluate our approach on 16 adversarial attack benchmarks using ResNet-50, WideResNet-28, and a2-layer ConvNet trained with ImageNet, CIFAR10, and MNIST, showing a significant improvement of up to 5.7%, 3.7%, and 0.6% respectively.      
### 44.Weakly Supervised Relative Spatial Reasoning for Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01934.pdf)
>  Vision-and-language (V\&amp;L) reasoning necessitates perception of visual concepts such as objects and actions, understanding semantics and language grounding, and reasoning about the interplay between the two modalities. One crucial aspect of visual reasoning is spatial understanding, which involves understanding relative locations of objects, i.e.\ implicitly learning the geometry of the scene. In this work, we evaluate the faithfulness of V\&amp;L models to such geometric understanding, by formulating the prediction of pair-wise relative locations of objects as a classification as well as a regression task. Our findings suggest that state-of-the-art transformer-based V\&amp;L models lack sufficient abilities to excel at this task. Motivated by this, we design two objectives as proxies for 3D spatial reasoning (SR) -- object centroid estimation, and relative position estimation, and train V\&amp;L with weak supervision from off-the-shelf depth estimators. This leads to considerable improvements in accuracy for the "GQA" visual question answering challenge (in fully supervised, few-shot, and O.O.D settings) as well as improvements in relative spatial reasoning. Code and data will be released \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pratyay-banerjee/weak_sup_vqa" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{here}.      
### 45.ISyNet: Convolutional Neural Networks design for AI accelerator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01932.pdf)
>  In recent years Deep Learning reached significant results in many practical problems, such as computer vision, natural language processing, speech recognition and many others. For many years the main goal of the research was to improve the quality of models, even if the complexity was impractically high. However, for the production solutions, which often require real-time work, the latency of the model plays a very important role. Current state-of-the-art architectures are found with neural architecture search (NAS) taking model complexity into account. However, designing of the search space suitable for specific hardware is still a challenging task. To address this problem we propose a measure of hardware efficiency of neural architecture search space - matrix efficiency measure (MEM); a search space comprising of hardware-efficient operations; a latency-aware scaling method; and ISyNet - a set of architectures designed to be fast on the specialized neural processing unit (NPU) hardware and accurate at the same time. We show the advantage of the designed architectures for the NPU devices on ImageNet and the generalization ability for the downstream classification and detection tasks.      
### 46.Audio-Visual Transformer Based Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01926.pdf)
>  Crowd estimation is a very challenging problem. The most recent study tries to exploit auditory information to aid the visual models, however, the performance is limited due to the lack of an effective approach for feature extraction and integration. The paper proposes a new audiovisual multi-task network to address the critical challenges in crowd counting by effectively utilizing both visual and audio inputs for better modalities association and productive feature extraction. The proposed network introduces the notion of auxiliary and explicit image patch-importance ranking (PIR) and patch-wise crowd estimate (PCE) information to produce a third (run-time) modality. These modalities (audio, visual, run-time) undergo a transformer-inspired cross-modality co-attention mechanism to finally output the crowd estimate. To acquire rich visual features, we propose a multi-branch structure with transformer-style fusion in-between. Extensive experimental evaluations show that the proposed scheme outperforms the state-of-the-art networks under all evaluation settings with up to 33.8% improvement. We also analyze and compare the vision-only variant of our network and empirically demonstrate its superiority over previous approaches.      
### 47.Sparse Spatial Attention Network for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01915.pdf)
>  The spatial attention mechanism captures long-range dependencies by aggregating global contextual information to each query location, which is beneficial for semantic segmentation. In this paper, we present a sparse spatial attention network (SSANet) to improve the efficiency of the spatial attention mechanism without sacrificing the performance. Specifically, a sparse non-local (SNL) block is proposed to sample a subset of key and value elements for each query element to capture long-range relations adaptively and generate a sparse affinity matrix to aggregate contextual information efficiently. Experimental results show that the proposed approach outperforms other context aggregation methods and achieves state-of-the-art performance on the Cityscapes, PASCAL Context and ADE20K datasets.      
### 48.Robust fine-tuning of zero-shot models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01903.pdf)
>  Large pre-trained models such as CLIP offer consistent accuracy across a range of data distributions when performing zero-shot inference (i.e., without fine-tuning on a specific dataset). Although existing fine-tuning approaches substantially improve accuracy in-distribution, they also reduce out-of-distribution robustness. We address this tension by introducing a simple and effective method for improving robustness: ensembling the weights of the zero-shot and fine-tuned models. Compared to standard fine-tuning, the resulting weight-space ensembles provide large accuracy improvements out-of-distribution, while matching or improving in-distribution accuracy. On ImageNet and five derived distribution shifts, weight-space ensembles improve out-of-distribution accuracy by 2 to 10 percentage points while increasing in-distribution accuracy by nearly 1 percentage point relative to standard fine-tuning. These improvements come at no additional computational cost during fine-tuning or inference.      
### 49.Fast Image-Anomaly Mitigation for Autonomous Mobile Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01889.pdf)
>  Camera anomalies like rain or dust can severelydegrade image quality and its related tasks, such as localizationand segmentation. In this work we address this importantissue by implementing a pre-processing step that can effectivelymitigate such artifacts in a real-time fashion, thus supportingthe deployment of autonomous systems with limited computecapabilities. We propose a shallow generator with aggregation,trained in an adversarial setting to solve the ill-posed problemof reconstructing the occluded regions. We add an enhancer tofurther preserve high-frequency details and image colorization.We also produce one of the largest publicly available datasets1to train our architecture and use realistic synthetic raindrops toobtain an improved initialization of the model. We benchmarkour framework on existing datasets and on our own imagesobtaining state-of-the-art results while enabling real-time per-formance, with up to 40x faster inference time than existingapproaches.      
### 50.Moving Object Detection for Event-based Vision using k-means Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01879.pdf)
>  Moving object detection is a crucial task in computer vision. Event-based cameras are bio-inspired cameras that work by mimicking the working of the human eye. These cameras have multiple advantages over conventional frame-based cameras, like reduced latency, HDR, reduced motion blur during high motion, low power consumption, etc. However, these advantages come at a high cost, as event-based cameras are noise sensitive and have low resolution. Moreover, the task of moving object detection in these cameras is difficult, as event-based sensors capture only the binary changes in brightness of a scene, lacking useful visual features like texture and color. In this paper, we investigate the application of the k-means clustering technique in detecting moving objects in event-based data. Experimental results in publicly available datasets using k-means show significant improvement in performance over the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 51.Robust Mitosis Detection Using a Cascade Mask-RCNN Approach With Domain-Specific Residual Cycle-GAN Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01878.pdf)
>  For the MIDOG mitosis detection challenge, we created a cascade algorithm consisting of a Mask-RCNN detector, followed by a classification ensemble consisting of ResNet50 and DenseNet201 to refine detected mitotic candidates. The MIDOG training data consists of 200 frames originating from four scanners, three of which are annotated for mitotic instances with centroid annotations. Our main algorithmic choices are as follows: first, to enhance the generalizability of our detector and classification networks, we use a state-of-the-art residual Cycle-GAN to transform each scanner domain to every other scanner domain. During training, we then randomly load, for each image, one of the four domains. In this way, our networks can learn from the fourth non-annotated scanner domain even if we don't have annotations for it. Second, for training the detector network, rather than using centroid-based fixed-size bounding boxes, we create mitosis-specific bounding boxes. We do this by manually annotating a small selection of mitoses, training a Mask-RCNN on this small dataset, and applying it to the rest of the data to obtain full annotations. We trained the follow-up classification ensemble using only the challenge-provided positive and hard-negative examples. On the preliminary test set, the algorithm scores an F1 score of 0.7578, putting us as the second-place team on the leaderboard.      
### 52.Spatiotemporal Inconsistency Learning for DeepFake Video Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01860.pdf)
>  The rapid development of facial manipulation techniques has aroused public concerns in recent years. Following the success of deep learning, existing methods always formulate DeepFake video detection as a binary classification problem and develop frame-based and video-based solutions. However, little attention has been paid to capturing the spatial-temporal inconsistency in forged videos. To address this issue, we term this task as a Spatial-Temporal Inconsistency Learning (STIL) process and instantiate it into a novel STIL block, which consists of a Spatial Inconsistency Module (SIM), a Temporal Inconsistency Module (TIM), and an Information Supplement Module (ISM). Specifically, we present a novel temporal modeling paradigm in TIM by exploiting the temporal difference over adjacent frames along with both horizontal and vertical directions. And the ISM simultaneously utilizes the spatial information from SIM and temporal information from TIM to establish a more comprehensive spatial-temporal representation. Moreover, our STIL block is flexible and could be plugged into existing 2D CNNs. Extensive experiments and visualizations are presented to demonstrate the effectiveness of our method against the state-of-the-art competitors.      
### 53.Learning Object-Compositional Neural Radiance Field for Editable Scene Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01847.pdf)
>  Implicit neural rendering techniques have shown promising results for novel view synthesis. However, existing methods usually encode the entire scene as a whole, which is generally not aware of the object identity and limits the ability to the high-level editing tasks such as moving or adding furniture. In this paper, we present a novel neural scene rendering system, which learns an object-compositional neural radiance field and produces realistic rendering with editing capability for a clustered and real-world scene. Specifically, we design a novel two-pathway architecture, in which the scene branch encodes the scene geometry and appearance, and the object branch encodes each standalone object conditioned on learnable object activation codes. To survive the training in heavily cluttered scenes, we propose a scene-guided training strategy to solve the 3D space ambiguity in the occluded regions and learn sharp boundaries for each object. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our system not only achieves competitive performance for static scene novel-view synthesis, but also produces realistic rendering for object-level editing.      
### 54.On robustness of generative representations against catastrophic forgetting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01844.pdf)
>  Catastrophic forgetting of previously learned knowledge while learning new tasks is a widely observed limitation of contemporary neural networks. Although many continual learning methods are proposed to mitigate this drawback, the main question remains unanswered: what is the root cause of catastrophic forgetting? In this work, we aim at answering this question by posing and validating a set of research hypotheses related to the specificity of representations built internally by neural models. More specifically, we design a set of empirical evaluations that compare the robustness of representations in discriminative and generative models against catastrophic forgetting. We observe that representations learned by discriminative models are more prone to catastrophic forgetting than their generative counterparts, which sheds new light on the advantages of developing generative models for continual learning. Finally, our work opens new research pathways and possibilities to adopt generative models in continual learning beyond mere replay mechanisms.      
### 55.GOHOME: Graph-Oriented Heatmap Output forfuture Motion Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01827.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose GOHOME, a method leveraging graph representations of the High Definition Map and sparse projections to generate a heatmap output representing the future position probability distribution for a given agent in a traffic scene. This heatmap output yields an unconstrained 2D grid representation of agent future possible locations, allowing inherent multimodality and a measure of the uncertainty of the prediction. Our graph-oriented model avoids the high computation burden of representing the surrounding context as squared images and processing it with classical CNNs, but focuses instead only on the most probable lanes where the agent could end up in the immediate future. GOHOME reaches 3$rd$ on Argoverse Motion Forecasting Benchmark on the MissRate$_6$ metric while achieving significant speed-up and memory burden diminution compared to 1$^{st}$ place method HOME. We also highlight that heatmap output enables multimodal ensembling and improve 1$^{st}$ place MissRate$_6$ by more than 15$\%$ with our best ensemble.      
### 56.RiWNet: A moving object instance segmentation Network being Robust in adverse Weather conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01820.pdf)
>  Segmenting each moving object instance in a scene is essential for many applications. But like many other computer vision tasks, this task performs well in optimal weather, but then adverse weather tends to fail. To be robust in weather conditions, the usual way is to train network in data of given weather pattern or to fuse multiple sensors. We focus on a new possibility, that is, to improve its resilience to weather interference through the network's structural design. First, we propose a novel FPN structure called RiWFPN with a progressive top-down interaction and attention refinement module. RiWFPN can directly replace other FPN structures to improve the robustness of the network in non-optimal weather conditions. Then we extend SOLOV2 to capture temporal information in video to learn motion information, and propose a moving object instance segmentation network with RiWFPN called RiWNet. Finally, in order to verify the effect of moving instance segmentation in different weather disturbances, we propose a VKTTI-moving dataset which is a moving instance segmentation dataset based on the VKTTI dataset, taking into account different weather scenes such as rain, fog, sunset, morning as well as overcast. The experiment proves how RiWFPN improves the network's resilience to adverse weather effects compared to other FPN structures. We compare RiWNet to several other state-of-the-art methods in some challenging datasets, and RiWNet shows better performance especially under adverse weather conditions.      
### 57.Stimuli-Aware Visual Emotion Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01812.pdf)
>  Visual emotion analysis (VEA) has attracted great attention recently, due to the increasing tendency of expressing and understanding emotions through images on social networks. Different from traditional vision tasks, VEA is inherently more challenging since it involves a much higher level of complexity and ambiguity in human cognitive process. Most of the existing methods adopt deep learning techniques to extract general features from the whole image, disregarding the specific features evoked by various emotional stimuli. Inspired by the \textit{Stimuli-Organism-Response (S-O-R)} emotion model in psychological theory, we proposed a stimuli-aware VEA method consisting of three stages, namely stimuli selection (S), feature extraction (O) and emotion prediction (R). First, specific emotional stimuli (i.e., color, object, face) are selected from images by employing the off-the-shelf tools. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first time to introduce stimuli selection process into VEA in an end-to-end network. Then, we design three specific networks, i.e., Global-Net, Semantic-Net and Expression-Net, to extract distinct emotional features from different stimuli simultaneously. Finally, benefiting from the inherent structure of Mikel's wheel, we design a novel hierarchical cross-entropy loss to distinguish hard false examples from easy ones in an emotion-specific manner. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed method consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches on four public visual emotion datasets. Ablation study and visualizations further prove the validity and interpretability of our method.      
### 58.Dual Transfer Learning for Event-based End-task Prediction via Pluggable Event to Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01801.pdf)
>  Event cameras are novel sensors that perceive the per-pixel intensity changes and output asynchronous event streams with high dynamic range and less motion blur. It has been shown that events alone can be used for end-task learning, \eg, semantic segmentation, based on encoder-decoder-like networks. However, as events are sparse and mostly reflect edge information, it is difficult to recover original details merely relying on the decoder. Moreover, most methods resort to pixel-wise loss alone for supervision, which might be insufficient to fully exploit the visual details from sparse events, thus leading to less optimal performance. In this paper, we propose a simple yet flexible two-stream framework named Dual Transfer Learning (DTL) to effectively enhance the performance on the end-tasks without adding extra inference cost. The proposed approach consists of three parts: event to end-task learning (EEL) branch, event to image translation (EIT) branch, and transfer learning (TL) module that simultaneously explores the feature-level affinity information and pixel-level knowledge from the EIT branch to improve the EEL branch. This simple yet novel method leads to strong representation learning from events and is evidenced by the significant performance boost on the end-tasks such as semantic segmentation and depth estimation.      
### 59.A Comprehensive Approach for UAV Small Object Detection with Simulation-based Transfer Learning and Adaptive Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01800.pdf)
>  Precisely detection of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles(UAVs) plays a critical role in UAV defense systems. Deep learning is widely adopted for UAV object detection whereas researches on this topic are limited by the amount of dataset and small scale of UAV. To tackle these problems, a novel comprehensive approach that combines transfer learning based on simulation data and adaptive fusion is proposed. Firstly, the open-source plugin AirSim proposed by Microsoft is used to generate mass realistic simulation data. Secondly, transfer learning is applied to obtain a pre-trained YOLOv5 model on the simulated dataset and fine-tuned model on the real-world dataset. Finally, an adaptive fusion mechanism is proposed to further improve small object detection performance. Experiment results demonstrate the effectiveness of simulation-based transfer learning which leads to a 2.7% performance increase on UAV object detection. Furthermore, with transfer learning and adaptive fusion mechanism, 7.1% improvement is achieved compared to the original YOLO v5 model.      
### 60.PR-Net: Preference Reasoning for Personalized Video Highlight Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01799.pdf)
>  Personalized video highlight detection aims to shorten a long video to interesting moments according to a user's preference, which has recently raised the community's attention. Current methods regard the user's history as holistic information to predict the user's preference but negating the inherent diversity of the user's interests, resulting in vague preference representation. In this paper, we propose a simple yet efficient preference reasoning framework (PR-Net) to explicitly take the diverse interests into account for frame-level highlight prediction. Specifically, distinct user-specific preferences for each input query frame are produced, presented as the similarity weighted sum of history highlights to the corresponding query frame. Next, distinct comprehensive preferences are formed by the user-specific preferences and a learnable generic preference for more overall highlight measurement. Lastly, the degree of highlight and non-highlight for each query frame is calculated as semantic similarity to its comprehensive and non-highlight preferences, respectively. Besides, to alleviate the ambiguity due to the incomplete annotation, a new bi-directional contrastive loss is proposed to ensure a compact and differentiable metric space. In this way, our method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods with a relative improvement of 12% in mean accuracy precision.      
### 61.To be Critical: Self-Calibrated Weakly Supervised Learning for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01770.pdf)
>  Weakly-supervised salient object detection (WSOD) aims to develop saliency models using image-level annotations. Despite of the success of previous works, explorations on an effective training strategy for the saliency network and accurate matches between image-level annotations and salient objects are still inadequate. In this work, 1) we propose a self-calibrated training strategy by explicitly establishing a mutual calibration loop between pseudo labels and network predictions, liberating the saliency network from error-prone propagation caused by pseudo labels. 2) we prove that even a much smaller dataset (merely 1.8% of ImageNet) with well-matched annotations can facilitate models to achieve better performance as well as generalizability. This sheds new light on the development of WSOD and encourages more contributions to the community. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that our method outperforms all the existing WSOD methods by adopting the self-calibrated strategy only. Steady improvements are further achieved by training on the proposed dataset. Additionally, our method achieves 94.7% of the performance of fully-supervised methods on average. And what is more, the fully supervised models adopting our predicted results as "ground truths" achieve successful results (95.6% for BASNet and 97.3% for ITSD on F-measure), while costing only 0.32% of labeling time for pixel-level annotation.      
### 62.Seam Carving Detection and Localization using Two-Stage Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01764.pdf)
>  Seam carving is a method to resize an image in a content aware fashion. However, this method can also be used to carve out objects from images. In this paper, we propose a two-step method to detect and localize seam carved images. First, we build a detector to detect small patches in an image that has been seam carved. Next, we compute a heatmap on an image based on the patch detector's output. Using these heatmaps, we build another detector to detect if a whole image is seam carved or not. Our experimental results show that our approach is effective in detecting and localizing seam carved images.      
### 63.A realistic approach to generate masked faces applied on two novel masked face recognition data sets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01745.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic raises the problem of adapting face recognition systems to the new reality, where people may wear surgical masks to cover their noses and mouths. Traditional data sets (e.g., CelebA, CASIA-WebFace) used for training these systems were released before the pandemic, so they now seem unsuited due to the lack of examples of people wearing masks. We propose a method for enhancing data sets containing faces without masks by creating synthetic masks and overlaying them on faces in the original images. Our method relies on Spark AR Studio, a developer program made by Facebook that is used to create Instagram face filters. In our approach, we use 9 masks of different colors, shapes and fabrics. We employ our method to generate a number of 445,446 (90%) samples of masks for the CASIA-WebFace data set and 196,254 (96.8%) masks for the CelebA data set, releasing the mask images at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/securifai/masked_faces" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. We show that our method produces significantly more realistic training examples of masks overlaid on faces by asking volunteers to qualitatively compare it to other methods or data sets designed for the same task. We also demonstrate the usefulness of our method by evaluating state-of-the-art face recognition systems (FaceNet, VGG-face, ArcFace) trained on the enhanced data sets and showing that they outperform equivalent systems trained on the original data sets (containing faces without masks), when the test benchmark contains masked faces.      
### 64.F3S: Free Flow Fever Screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01733.pdf)
>  Identification of people with elevated body temperature can reduce or dramatically slow down the spread of infectious diseases like COVID-19. We present a novel fever-screening system, F3S, that uses edge machine learning techniques to accurately measure core body temperatures of multiple individuals in a free-flow setting. F3S performs real-time sensor fusion of visual camera with thermal camera data streams to detect elevated body temperature, and it has several unique features: (a) visual and thermal streams represent very different modalities, and we dynamically associate semantically-equivalent regions across visual and thermal frames by using a new, dynamic alignment technique that analyzes content and context in real-time, (b) we track people through occlusions, identify the eye (inner canthus), forehead, face and head regions where possible, and provide an accurate temperature reading by using a prioritized refinement algorithm, and (c) we robustly detect elevated body temperature even in the presence of personal protective equipment like masks, or sunglasses or hats, all of which can be affected by hot weather and lead to spurious temperature readings. F3S has been deployed at over a dozen large commercial establishments, providing contact-less, free-flow, real-time fever screening for thousands of employees and customers in indoors and outdoor settings.      
### 65.Navigating the Mise-en-Page: Interpretive Machine Learning Approaches to the Visual Layouts of Multi-Ethnic Periodicals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01732.pdf)
>  This paper presents a computational method of analysis that draws from machine learning, library science, and literary studies to map the visual layouts of multi-ethnic newspapers from the late 19th and early 20th century United States. This work departs from prior approaches to newspapers that focus on individual pieces of textual and visual content. Our method combines Chronicling America's MARC data and the Newspaper Navigator machine learning dataset to identify the visual patterns of newspaper page layouts. By analyzing high-dimensional visual similarity, we aim to better understand how editors spoke and protested through the layout of their papers.      
### 66.Towards Accurate Alignment in Real-time 3D Hand-Mesh Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01723.pdf)
>  3D hand-mesh reconstruction from RGB images facilitates many applications, including augmented reality (AR). However, this requires not only real-time speed and accurate hand pose and shape but also plausible mesh-image alignment. While existing works already achieve promising results, meeting all three requirements is very challenging. This paper presents a novel pipeline by decoupling the hand-mesh reconstruction task into three stages: a joint stage to predict hand joints and segmentation; a mesh stage to predict a rough hand mesh; and a refine stage to fine-tune it with an offset mesh for mesh-image alignment. With careful design in the network structure and in the loss functions, we can promote high-quality finger-level mesh-image alignment and drive the models together to deliver real-time predictions. Extensive quantitative and qualitative results on benchmark datasets demonstrate that the quality of our results outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on hand-mesh/pose precision and hand-image alignment. In the end, we also showcase several real-time AR scenarios.      
### 67.Revisiting 3D ResNets for Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01696.pdf)
>  A recent work from Bello shows that training and scaling strategies may be more significant than model architectures for visual recognition. This short note studies effective training and scaling strategies for video recognition models. We propose a simple scaling strategy for 3D ResNets, in combination with improved training strategies and minor architectural changes. The resulting models, termed 3D ResNet-RS, attain competitive performance of 81.0 on Kinetics-400 and 83.8 on Kinetics-600 without pre-training. When pre-trained on a large Web Video Text dataset, our best model achieves 83.5 and 84.3 on Kinetics-400 and Kinetics-600. The proposed scaling rule is further evaluated in a self-supervised setup using contrastive learning, demonstrating improved performance. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/official" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 68.Weakly Supervised Few-Shot Segmentation Via Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01693.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is a classic computer vision task with multiple applications, which includes medical and remote sensing image analysis. Despite recent advances with deep-based approaches, labeling samples (pixels) for training models is laborious and, in some cases, unfeasible. In this paper, we present two novel meta learning methods, named WeaSeL and ProtoSeg, for the few-shot semantic segmentation task with sparse annotations. We conducted extensive evaluation of the proposed methods in different applications (12 datasets) in medical imaging and agricultural remote sensing, which are very distinct fields of knowledge and usually subject to data scarcity. The results demonstrated the potential of our method, achieving suitable results for segmenting both coffee/orange crops and anatomical parts of the human body in comparison with full dense annotation.      
### 69.Active Learning for Automated Visual Inspection of Manufactured Products  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02469.pdf)
>  Quality control is a key activity performed by manufacturing enterprises to ensure products meet quality standards and avoid potential damage to the brand's reputation. The decreased cost of sensors and connectivity enabled an increasing digitalization of manufacturing. In addition, artificial intelligence enables higher degrees of automation, reducing overall costs and time required for defect inspection. In this research, we compare three active learning approaches and five machine learning algorithms applied to visual defect inspection with real-world data provided by Philips Consumer Lifestyle BV. Our results show that active learning reduces the data labeling effort without detriment to the models' performance.      
### 70.Developing and validating multi-modal models for mortality prediction in COVID-19 patients: a multi-center retrospective study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02439.pdf)
>  The unprecedented global crisis brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic has sparked numerous efforts to create predictive models for the detection and prognostication of SARS-CoV-2 infections with the goal of helping health systems allocate resources. Machine learning models, in particular, hold promise for their ability to leverage patient clinical information and medical images for prediction. However, most of the published COVID-19 prediction models thus far have little clinical utility due to methodological flaws and lack of appropriate validation. In this paper, we describe our methodology to develop and validate multi-modal models for COVID-19 mortality prediction using multi-center patient data. The models for COVID-19 mortality prediction were developed using retrospective data from Madrid, Spain (N=2547) and were externally validated in patient cohorts from a community hospital in New Jersey, USA (N=242) and an academic center in Seoul, Republic of Korea (N=336). The models we developed performed differently across various clinical settings, underscoring the need for a guided strategy when employing machine learning for clinical decision-making. We demonstrated that using features from both the structured electronic health records and chest X-ray imaging data resulted in better 30-day-mortality prediction performance across all three datasets (areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves: 0.85 (95% confidence interval: 0.83-0.87), 0.76 (0.70-0.82), and 0.95 (0.92-0.98)). We discuss the rationale for the decisions made at every step in developing the models and have made our code available to the research community. We employed the best machine learning practices for clinical model development. Our goal is to create a toolkit that would assist investigators and organizations in building multi-modal models for prediction, classification and/or optimization.      
### 71.Interpretable Automated Diagnosis of Retinal Disease using Deep OCT Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02436.pdf)
>  30 million Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) imaging tests are issued every year to diagnose various retinal diseases, but accurate diagnosis of OCT scans requires trained ophthalmologists who are still prone to making misclassifications. With better systems for diagnosis, many cases of vision loss caused by retinal disease could be entirely avoided. In this work, we developed a CNN-based model for accurate classification of CNV, DME, Drusen, and Normal OCT scans. Furthermore, we placed an emphasis on producing both qualitative and quantitative explanations of the model's decisions. Our class-weighted EfficientNet B2 classification model performed at 99.79% accuracy. We then produced and analyzed heatmaps of where in the OCT scan the model focused. After producing the heatmaps, we created breakdowns of the specific retinal layers the model focused on. While highly accurate models have been previously developed, our work is the first to produce detailed explanations of the model's decisions. The combination of accuracy and interpretability in our work can be clinically applied for better patient care. Future work can use a similar model for classification on larger and more diverse data sets.      
### 72.Automated detection of COVID-19 cases from chest X-ray images using deep neural network and XGBoost  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02428.pdf)
>  In late 2019 and after COVID-19 pandemic in the world, many researchers and scholars have tried to provide methods for detection of COVID-19 cases. Accordingly, this study focused on identifying COVID-19 cases from chest X-ray images. In this paper, a novel approach to diagnosing coronavirus disease from X-ray images was proposed. In the proposed method, DenseNet169 deep neural network was used to extract the features of X-ray images taken from the patients' chest and the extracted features were then given as input to the Extreme Gradient Boosting (XGBoost) algorithm so that it could perform the classification task. Evaluation of the proposed approach and its comparison with the methods presented in recent years revealed that the proposed method was more accurate and faster than the existing ones and had an acceptable performance in detection of COVID-19 cases from X-ray images.      
### 73.Evaluation of Convolutional Neural Networks for COVID-19 Classification on Chest X-Rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02415.pdf)
>  Early identification of patients with COVID-19 is essential to enable adequate treatment and to reduce the burden on the health system. The gold standard for COVID-19 detection is the use of RT-PCR tests. However, due to the high demand for tests, these can take days or even weeks in some regions of Brazil. Thus, an alternative for detecting COVID-19 is the analysis of Digital Chest X-rays (XR). Changes due to COVID-19 can be detected in XR, even in asymptomatic patients. In this context, models based on deep learning have great potential to be used as support systems for diagnosis or as screening tools. In this paper, we propose the evaluation of convolutional neural networks to identify pneumonia due to COVID-19 in XR. The proposed methodology consists of a preprocessing step of the XR, data augmentation, and classification by the convolutional architectures DenseNet121, InceptionResNetV2, InceptionV3, MovileNetV2, ResNet50, and VGG16 pre-trained with the ImageNet dataset. The obtained results demonstrate that the VGG16 architecture obtained superior performance in the classification of XR for the evaluation metrics using the methodology proposed in this article. The obtained results for our methodology demonstrate that the VGG16 architecture presented a superior performance in the classification of XR, with an Accuracy of 85.11%, Sensitivity of 85.25%, Specificity of $85.16%, F1-score of $85.03%, and an AUC of 0.9758.      
### 74.A Decoupled Uncertainty Model for MRI Segmentation Quality Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02413.pdf)
>  Quality control (QC) of MR images is essential to ensure that downstream analyses such as segmentation can be performed successfully. Currently, QC is predominantly performed visually and subjectively, at significant time and operator cost. We aim to automate the process using a probabilistic network that estimates segmentation uncertainty through a heteroscedastic noise model, providing a measure of task-specific quality. By augmenting training images with k-space artefacts, we propose a novel CNN architecture to decouple sources of uncertainty related to the task and different k-space artefacts in a self-supervised manner. This enables the prediction of separate uncertainties for different types of data degradation. While the uncertainty predictions reflect the presence and severity of artefacts, the network provides more robust and generalisable segmentation predictions given the quality of the data. We show that models trained with artefact augmentation provide informative measures of uncertainty on both simulated artefacts and problematic real-world images identified by human raters, both qualitatively and quantitatively in the form of error bars on volume measurements. Relating artefact uncertainty to segmentation Dice scores, we observe that our uncertainty predictions provide a better estimate of MRI quality from the point of view of the task (gray matter segmentation) compared to commonly used metrics of quality including signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and contrast-to-noise ratio (CNR), hence providing a real-time quality metric indicative of segmentation quality.      
### 75.Fair Federated Learning for Heterogeneous Face Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02351.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of achieving fair classification in Federated Learning (FL) under data heterogeneity. Most of the approaches proposed for fair classification require diverse data that represent the different demographic groups involved. In contrast, it is common for each client to own data that represents only a single demographic group. Hence the existing approaches cannot be adopted for fair classification models at the client level. To resolve this challenge, we propose several aggregation techniques. We empirically validate these techniques by comparing the resulting fairness metrics and accuracy on CelebA, UTK, and FairFace datasets.      
### 76.Automated Cardiac Resting Phase Detection Targeted on the Right Coronary Artery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02342.pdf)
>  Purpose: Static cardiac imaging such as late gadolinium enhancement, mapping, or 3-D coronary angiography require prior information, e.g., the phase during a cardiac cycle with least motion, called resting phase (RP). The purpose of this work is to propose a fully automated framework that allows the detection of the right coronary artery (RCA) RP within CINE series. Methods: The proposed prototype system consists of three main steps. First, the localization of the regions of interest (ROI) is performed. Second, as CINE series are time-resolved, the cropped ROI series over all time points are taken for tracking motions quantitatively. Third, the output motion values are used to classify RPs. In this work, we focused on the detection of the area with the outer edge of the cross-section of the RCA as our target. The proposed framework was evaluated on 102 clinically acquired dataset at 1.5T and 3T. The automatically classified RPs were compared with the ground truth RPs annotated manually by a medical expert for testing the robustness and feasibility of the framework. Results: The predicted RCA RPs showed high agreement with the experts annotated RPs with 92.7% accuracy, 90.5% sensitivity and 95.0% specificity for the unseen study dataset. The mean absolute difference of the start and end RP was 13.6 ${\pm}$ 18.6 ms for the validation study dataset (n=102). Conclusion: In this work, automated RP detection has been introduced by the proposed framework and demonstrated feasibility, robustness, and applicability for diverse static imaging acquisitions.      
### 77.Automatic Segmentation of the Optic Nerve Head Region in Optical Coherence Tomography: A Methodological Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02322.pdf)
>  The optic nerve head represents the intraocular section of the optic nerve (ONH), which is prone to damage by intraocular pressure. The advent of optical coherence tomography (OCT) has enabled the evaluation of novel optic nerve head parameters, namely the depth and curvature of the lamina cribrosa (LC). Together with the Bruch's membrane opening minimum-rim-width, these seem to be promising optic nerve head parameters for diagnosis and monitoring of retinal diseases such as glaucoma. Nonetheless, these optical coherence tomography derived biomarkers are mostly extracted through manual segmentation, which is time-consuming and prone to bias, thus limiting their usability in clinical practice. The automatic segmentation of optic nerve head in OCT scans could further improve the current clinical management of glaucoma and other diseases. <br>This review summarizes the current state-of-the-art in automatic segmentation of the ONH in OCT. PubMed and Scopus were used to perform a systematic review. Additional works from other databases (IEEE, Google Scholar and ARVO IOVS) were also included, resulting in a total of 27 reviewed studies. <br>For each algorithm, the methods, the size and type of dataset used for validation, and the respective results were carefully analyzed. The results show that deep learning-based algorithms provide the highest accuracy, sensitivity and specificity for segmenting the different structures of the ONH including the LC. However, a lack of consensus regarding the definition of segmented regions, extracted parameters and validation approaches has been observed, highlighting the importance and need of standardized methodologies for ONH segmentation.      
### 78.Generative Models Improve Radiomics Performance in Different Tasks and Different Datasets: An Experimental Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02252.pdf)
>  Radiomics is an active area of research focusing on high throughput feature extraction from medical images with a wide array of applications in clinical practice, such as clinical decision support in oncology. However, noise in low dose computed tomography (CT) scans can impair the accurate extraction of radiomic features. In this article, we investigate the possibility of using deep learning generative models to improve the performance of radiomics from low dose CTs. We used two datasets of low dose CT scans -NSCLC Radiogenomics and LIDC-IDRI - as test datasets for two tasks - pre-treatment survival prediction and lung cancer diagnosis. We used encoder-decoder networks and conditional generative adversarial networks (CGANs) trained in a previous study as generative models to transform low dose CT images into full dose CT images. Radiomic features extracted from the original and improved CT scans were used to build two classifiers - a support vector machine (SVM) and a deep attention based multiple instance learning model - for survival prediction and lung cancer diagnosis respectively. Finally, we compared the performance of the models derived from the original and improved CT scans. Encoder-decoder networks and CGANs improved the area under the curve (AUC) of survival prediction from 0.52 to 0.57 (p-value&lt;0.01). On the other hand, Encoder-decoder network and CGAN can improve the AUC of lung cancer diagnosis from 0.84 to 0.88 and 0.89 respectively (p-value&lt;0.01). Moreover, there are no statistically significant differences in improving AUC by using encoder-decoder network and CGAN (p-value=0.34) when networks trained at 75 and 100 epochs. Generative models can improve the performance of low dose CT-based radiomics in different tasks. Hence, denoising using generative models seems to be a necessary pre-processing step for calculating radiomic features from low dose CTs.      
### 79.Multi-Agent Variational Occlusion Inference Using People as Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02173.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles must reason about spatial occlusions in urban environments to ensure safety without being overly cautious. Prior work explored occlusion inference from observed social behaviors of road agents. Inferring occupancy from agent behaviors is an inherently multimodal problem; a driver may behave in the same manner for different occupancy patterns ahead of them (e.g., a driver may move at constant speed in traffic or on an open road). Past work, however, does not account for this multimodality, thus neglecting to model this source of aleatoric uncertainty in the relationship between driver behaviors and their environment. We propose an occlusion inference method that characterizes observed behaviors of human agents as sensor measurements, and fuses them with those from a standard sensor suite. To capture the aleatoric uncertainty, we train a conditional variational autoencoder with a discrete latent space to learn a multimodal mapping from observed driver trajectories to an occupancy grid representation of the view ahead of the driver. Our method handles multi-agent scenarios, combining measurements from multiple observed drivers using evidential theory to solve the sensor fusion problem. Our approach is validated on a real-world dataset, outperforming baselines and demonstrating real-time capable performance. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sisl/MultiAgentVariationalOcclusionInference" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 80.Right Ventricular Segmentation from Short- and Long-Axis MRIs via Information Transition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02171.pdf)
>  Right ventricular (RV) segmentation from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a crucial step for cardiac morphology and function analysis. However, automatic RV segmentation from MRI is still challenging, mainly due to the heterogeneous intensity, the complex variable shapes, and the unclear RV boundary. Moreover, current methods for the RV segmentation tend to suffer from performance degradation at the basal and apical slices of MRI. In this work, we propose an automatic RV segmentation framework, where the information from long-axis (LA) views is utilized to assist the segmentation of short-axis (SA) views via information transition. Specifically, we employed the transformed segmentation from LA views as a prior information, to extract the ROI from SA views for better segmentation. The information transition aims to remove the surrounding ambiguous regions in the SA views. %, such as the tricuspid valve regions. We tested our model on a public dataset with 360 multi-center, multi-vendor and multi-disease subjects that consist of both LA and SA MRIs. Our experimental results show that including LA views can be effective to improve the accuracy of the SA segmentation. Our model is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NanYoMy/MMs-2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 81.Recognition of COVID-19 Disease Utilizing X-Ray Imaging of the Chest Using CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02103.pdf)
>  Since this COVID-19 pandemic thrives, the utilization of X-Ray images of the Chest (CXR) as a complementary screening technique to RT-PCR testing grows to its clinical use for respiratory complaints. Many new deep learning approaches have developed as a consequence. The goal of this research is to assess the convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to diagnosis COVID-19 utisizing X-ray images of chest. The performance of CNN with one, three, and four convolution layers has been evaluated in this research. A dataset of 13,808 CXR photographs are used in this research. When evaluated on X-ray images with three splits of the dataset, our preliminary experimental results show that the CNN model with three convolution layers can reliably detect with 96 percent accuracy (precision being 96 percent). This fact indicates the commitment of our suggested model for reliable screening of COVID-19.      
### 82.Cluster-Promoting Quantization with Bit-Drop for Minimizing Network Quantization Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02100.pdf)
>  Network quantization, which aims to reduce the bit-lengths of the network weights and activations, has emerged for their deployments to resource-limited devices. Although recent studies have successfully discretized a full-precision network, they still incur large quantization errors after training, thus giving rise to a significant performance gap between a full-precision network and its quantized counterpart. In this work, we propose a novel quantization method for neural networks, Cluster-Promoting Quantization (CPQ) that finds the optimal quantization grids while naturally encouraging the underlying full-precision weights to gather around those quantization grids cohesively during training. This property of CPQ is thanks to our two main ingredients that enable differentiable quantization: i) the use of the categorical distribution designed by a specific probabilistic parametrization in the forward pass and ii) our proposed multi-class straight-through estimator (STE) in the backward pass. Since our second component, multi-class STE, is intrinsically biased, we additionally propose a new bit-drop technique, DropBits, that revises the standard dropout regularization to randomly drop bits instead of neurons. As a natural extension of DropBits, we further introduce the way of learning heterogeneous quantization levels to find proper bit-length for each layer by imposing an additional regularization on DropBits. We experimentally validate our method on various benchmark datasets and network architectures, and also support a new hypothesis for quantization: learning heterogeneous quantization levels outperforms the case using the same but fixed quantization levels from scratch.      
### 83.Timbre Transfer with Variational Auto Encoding and Cycle-Consistent Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02096.pdf)
>  This research project investigates the application of deep learning to timbre transfer, where the timbre of a source audio can be converted to the timbre of a target audio with minimal loss in quality. The adopted approach combines Variational Autoencoders with Generative Adversarial Networks to construct meaningful representations of the source audio and produce realistic generations of the target audio and is applied to the Flickr 8k Audio dataset for transferring the vocal timbre between speakers and the URMP dataset for transferring the musical timbre between instruments. Furthermore, variations of the adopted approach are trained, and generalised performance is compared using the metrics SSIM (Structural Similarity Index) and FAD (Frechét Audio Distance). It was found that a many-to-many approach supersedes a one-to-one approach in terms of reconstructive capabilities, and that the adoption of a basic over a bottleneck residual block design is more suitable for enriching content information about a latent space. It was also found that the decision on whether cyclic loss takes on a variational autoencoder or vanilla autoencoder approach does not have a significant impact on reconstructive and adversarial translation aspects of the model.      
### 84.(M)SLAe-Net: Multi-Scale Multi-Level Attention embedded Network for Retinal Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02084.pdf)
>  Segmentation plays a crucial role in diagnosis. Studying the retinal vasculatures from fundus images help identify early signs of many crucial illnesses such as diabetic retinopathy. Due to the varying shape, size, and patterns of retinal vessels, along with artefacts and noises in fundus images, no one-stage method can accurately segment retinal vessels. In this work, we propose a multi-scale, multi-level attention embedded CNN architecture ((M)SLAe-Net) to address the issue of multi-stage processing for robust and precise segmentation of retinal vessels. We do this by extracting features at multiple scales and multiple levels of the network, enabling our model to holistically extracts the local and global features. Multi-scale features are extracted using our novel dynamic dilated pyramid pooling (D-DPP) module. We also aggregate the features from all the network levels. These effectively resolved the issues of varying shapes and artefacts and hence the need for multiple stages. To assist in better pixel-level classification, we use the Squeeze and Attention(SA) module, a smartly adapted version of the Squeeze and Excitation(SE) module for segmentation tasks in our network to facilitate pixel-group attention. Our unique network design and novel D-DPP module with efficient task-specific loss function for thin vessels enabled our model for better cross data performance. Exhaustive experimental results on DRIVE, STARE, HRF, and CHASE-DB1 show the superiority of our method.      
### 85.Sensor Data Augmentation with Resampling for Contrastive Learning in Human Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02054.pdf)
>  Human activity recognition plays an increasingly important role not only in our daily lives, but also in the medical and rehabilitation fields. The development of deep learning has also contributed to the advancement of human activity recognition, but the large amount of data annotation work required to train deep learning models is a major obstacle to the development of human activity recognition. Contrastive learning has started to be used in the field of sensor-based human activity recognition due to its ability to avoid the cost of labeling large datasets and its ability to better distinguish between sample representations of different instances. Among them, data augmentation, an important part of contrast learning, has a significant impact on model effectiveness, but current data augmentation methods do not perform too successfully in contrast learning frameworks for wearable sensor-based activity recognition. To optimize the effect of contrast learning models, in this paper, we investigate the sampling frequency of sensors and propose a resampling data augmentation method. In addition, we also propose a contrast learning framework based on human activity recognition and apply the resampling augmentation method to the data augmentation phase of contrast learning. The experimental results show that the resampling augmentation method outperforms supervised learning by 9.88% on UCI HAR and 7.69% on Motion Sensor in the fine-tuning evaluation of contrast learning with a small amount of labeled data, and also reveal that not all data augmentation methods will have positive effects in the contrast learning framework. Finally, we explored the influence of the combination of different augmentation methods on contrastive learning, and the experimental results showed that the effect of most combination augmentation methods was better than that of single augmentation.      
### 86.Data Efficient Masked Language Modeling for Vision and Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02040.pdf)
>  Masked language modeling (MLM) is one of the key sub-tasks in vision-language pretraining. In the cross-modal setting, tokens in the sentence are masked at random, and the model predicts the masked tokens given the image and the text. In this paper, we observe several key disadvantages of MLM in this setting. First, as captions tend to be short, in a third of the sentences no token is sampled. Second, the majority of masked tokens are stop-words and punctuation, leading to under-utilization of the image. We investigate a range of alternative masking strategies specific to the cross-modal setting that address these shortcomings, aiming for better fusion of text and image in the learned representation. When pre-training the LXMERT model, our alternative masking strategies consistently improve over the original masking strategy on three downstream tasks, especially in low resource settings. Further, our pre-training approach substantially outperforms the baseline model on a prompt-based probing task designed to elicit image objects. These results and our analysis indicate that our method allows for better utilization of the training data.      
### 87.Navigational Path-Planning For All-Terrain Autonomous Agricultural Robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02015.pdf)
>  The shortage of workforce and increasing cost of maintenance has forced many farm industrialists to shift towards automated and mechanized approaches. The key component for autonomous systems is the path planning techniques used. Coverage path planning (CPP) algorithm is used for navigating over farmlands to perform various agricultural operations such as seeding, ploughing, or spraying pesticides and fertilizers. This report paper compares novel algorithms for autonomous navigation of farmlands. For reduction of navigational constraints, a high-resolution grid map representation is taken into consideration specific to Indian environments. The free space is covered by distinguishing the grid cells as covered, unexplored, partially explored and presence of an obstacle. The performance of the compared algorithms is evaluated with metrics such as time efficiency, space efficiency, accuracy, and robustness to changes in the environment. Robotic Operating System (ROS), Dassault Systemes Experience Platform (3DS Experience), MATLAB along Python were used for the simulation of the compared algorithms. The results proved the applicability of the algorithms for autonomous field navigation and feasibility with robotic path planning.      
### 88.Sparse-MLP: A Fully-MLP Architecture with Conditional Computation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.02008.pdf)
>  Mixture of Experts (MoE) with sparse conditional computation has been proved an effective architecture for scaling attention-based models to more parameters with comparable computation cost. In this paper, we propose Sparse-MLP, scaling the recent MLP-Mixer model with sparse MoE layers, to achieve a more computation-efficient architecture. We replace a subset of dense MLP blocks in the MLP-Mixer model with Sparse blocks. In each Sparse block, we apply two stages of MoE layers: one with MLP experts mixing information within channels along image patch dimension, one with MLP experts mixing information within patches along the channel dimension. Besides, to reduce computational cost in routing and improve experts capacity, we design Re-represent layers in each Sparse block. These layers are to re-scale image representations by two simple but effective linear transformations. By pre-training on ImageNet-1k with MoCo v3 algorithm, our models can outperform dense MLP models with comparable parameters and less computational cost on several downstream image classification tasks.      
### 89.Image Compression with Recurrent Neural Network and Generalized Divisive Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01999.pdf)
>  Image compression is a method to remove spatial redundancy between adjacent pixels and reconstruct a high-quality image. In the past few years, deep learning has gained huge attention from the research community and produced promising image reconstruction results. Therefore, recent methods focused on developing deeper and more complex networks, which significantly increased network complexity. In this paper, two effective novel blocks are developed: analysis and synthesis block that employs the convolution layer and Generalized Divisive Normalization (GDN) in the variable-rate encoder and decoder side. Our network utilizes a pixel RNN approach for quantization. Furthermore, to improve the whole network, we encode a residual image using LSTM cells to reduce unnecessary information. Experimental results demonstrated that the proposed variable-rate framework with novel blocks outperforms existing methods and standard image codecs, such as George's ~\cite{002} and JPEG in terms of image similarity. The project page along with code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://khawar512.github.io/cvpr/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 90.Improving Joint Learning of Chest X-Ray and Radiology Report by Word Region Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01949.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning provides an opportunity to explore unlabeled chest X-rays and their associated free-text reports accumulated in clinical routine without manual supervision. This paper proposes a Joint Image Text Representation Learning Network (JoImTeRNet) for pre-training on chest X-ray images and their radiology reports. The model was pre-trained on both the global image-sentence level and the local image region-word level for visual-textual matching. Both are bidirectionally constrained on Cross-Entropy based and ranking-based Triplet Matching Losses. The region-word matching is calculated using the attention mechanism without direct supervision about their mapping. The pre-trained multi-modal representation learning paves the way for downstream tasks concerning image and/or text encoding. We demonstrate the representation learning quality by cross-modality retrievals and multi-label classifications on two datasets: OpenI-IU and MIMIC-CXR      
### 91.Deep learning facilitates fully automated brain image registration of optoacoustic tomography and magnetic resonance imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01880.pdf)
>  Multi-spectral optoacoustic tomography (MSOT) is an emerging optical imaging method providing multiplex molecular and functional information from the rodent brain. It can be greatly augmented by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) that offers excellent soft-tissue contrast and high-resolution brain anatomy. Nevertheless, registration of multi-modal images remains challenging, chiefly due to the entirely different image contrast rendered by these modalities. Previously reported registration algorithms mostly relied on manual user-dependent brain segmentation, which compromised data interpretation and accurate quantification. Here we propose a fully automated registration method for MSOT-MRI multimodal imaging empowered by deep learning. The automated workflow includes neural network-based image segmentation to generate suitable masks, which are subsequently registered using an additional neural network. Performance of the algorithm is showcased with datasets acquired by cross-sectional MSOT and high-field MRI preclinical scanners. The automated registration method is further validated with manual and half-automated registration, demonstrating its robustness and accuracy.      
### 92.Predicting isocitrate dehydrogenase mutationstatus in glioma using structural brain networksand graph neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01854.pdf)
>  Glioma is a common malignant brain tumor that shows distinct survival among patients. The isocitrate dehydrogenase (IDH) gene mutation status provides critical diagnostic and prognostic value for glioma and is now accepted as the standard of care. A non-invasive prediction of IDH mutation based on the pre-treatment MRI has crucial clinical significance. Machine learning and deep learning models show reasonable performance in predicting IDH mutation status. However, most models neglect the systematic brain alterations caused by tumor invasion, where the infiltration along white matter tracts throughout the brain is identified as a hallmark of glioma. Structural brain network provides an effective tool to characterise brain organisation, which could be captured by the graph neural networks (GNN) for a more accurate prediction of IDH mutation status. <br>Here we propose a method to predict the IDH mutation using GNN, based on the structural brain network of patients. Specifically, we firstly construct a network template of healthy subjects, which consists of atlases of edges (white matter tracts) and nodes (cortical and subcortical brain regions) to provide regions of interest (ROI). Next, we employ autoencoders to extract the latent multi-modal MRI features from the ROIs of the edge and node in patients. These features of edge and node of brain networks are used to train a GNN architecture in predicting IDH mutation status. The results show that the proposed method outperforms the baseline models using 3D-CNN and 3D-DenseNet. In addition, the model interpretation suggests its ability to identify the tracts infiltrated by tumor and corresponds to clinical prior knowledge. In conclusion, integrating brain networks with GNN offers a new avenue to study brain lesions using computational neuroscience and computer vision approaches.      
### 93.A Privacy-Preserving Image Retrieval Scheme Using A Codebook Generated From Independent Plain-Image Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01841.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a privacy-preserving image-retrieval scheme using a codebook generated by using a plain-image dataset. Encryption-then-compression (EtC) images, which were proposed for EtC systems, have been used in conventional privacy-preserving image-retrieval schemes, in which a codebook is generated from EtC images uploaded by image owners, and extended SIMPLE descriptors are then calculated as image descriptors by using the codebook. In contrast, in the proposed scheme, a codebook is generated from a dataset independent of uploaded images. The use of an independent dataset enables us not only to use a codebook that does not require recalculation but also to constantly provide a high retrieval accuracy. In an experiment, the proposed scheme is demonstrated to maintain a high retrieval performance, even if codebooks are generated from a plain image dataset independent of image owners' encrypted images.      
### 94.Towards Expressive Communication with Internet Memes: A New Multimodal Conversation Dataset and Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01839.pdf)
>  As a kind of new expression elements, Internet memes are popular and extensively used in online chatting scenarios since they manage to make dialogues vivid, moving, and interesting. However, most current dialogue researches focus on text-only dialogue tasks. In this paper, we propose a new task named as \textbf{M}eme incorporated \textbf{O}pen-domain \textbf{D}ialogue (MOD). Compared to previous dialogue tasks, MOD is much more challenging since it requires the model to understand the multimodal elements as well as the emotions behind them. To facilitate the MOD research, we construct a large-scale open-domain multimodal dialogue dataset incorporating abundant Internet memes into utterances. The dataset consists of $\sim$45K Chinese conversations with $\sim$606K utterances. Each conversation contains about $13$ utterances with about $4$ Internet memes on average and each utterance equipped with an Internet meme is annotated with the corresponding emotion. In addition, we present a simple and effective method, which utilizes a unified generation network to solve the MOD task. Experimental results demonstrate that our method trained on the proposed corpus is able to achieve expressive communication including texts and memes. The corpus and models have been publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lizekang/DSTC10-MOD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 95.RAMA: A Rapid Multicut Algorithm on GPU  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01838.pdf)
>  We propose a highly parallel primal-dual algorithm for the multicut (a.k.a. correlation clustering) problem, a classical graph clustering problem widely used in machine learning and computer vision. Our algorithm consists of three steps executed recursively: (1) Finding conflicted cycles that correspond to violated inequalities of the underlying multicut relaxation, (2) Performing message passing between the edges and cycles to optimize the Lagrange relaxation coming from the found violated cycles producing reduced costs and (3) Contracting edges with high reduced costs through matrix-matrix multiplications. <br>Our algorithm produces primal solutions and dual lower bounds that estimate the distance to optimum. We implement our algorithm on GPUs and show resulting one to two order-of-magnitudes improvements in execution speed without sacrificing solution quality compared to traditional serial algorithms that run on CPUs. We can solve very large scale benchmark problems with up to $\mathcal{O}(10^8)$ variables in a few seconds with small primal-dual gaps. We make our code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pawelswoboda/RAMA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 96.OCTAVA: an open-source toolbox for quantitative analysis of optical coherence tomography angiography images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01835.pdf)
>  Optical coherence tomography angiography (OCTA) performs non-invasive visualization and characterization of microvasculature in research and clinical applications mainly in ophthalmology and dermatology. A wide variety of instruments, imaging protocols, processing methods and metrics have been used to describe the microvasculature, such that comparing different study outcomes is currently not feasible. With the goal of contributing to standardization of OCTA data analysis, we report a user-friendly, open-source toolbox, OCTAVA (OCTA Vascular Analyzer), to automate the pre-processing, segmentation, and quantitative analysis of en face OCTA maximum intensity projection images in a standardized workflow. We present each analysis step, including optimization of filtering and choice of segmentation algorithm, and definition of metrics. We perform quantitative analysis of OCTA images from different commercial and non-commercial instruments and samples and show OCTAVA can accurately and reproducibly determine metrics for characterization of microvasculature. Wide adoption could enable studies and aggregation of data on a scale sufficient to develop reliable microvascular biomarkers for early detection, and to guide treatment, of microvascular disease.      
### 97.Multi-View Spatial-Temporal Graph Convolutional Networks with Domain Generalization for Sleep Stage Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01824.pdf)
>  Sleep stage classification is essential for sleep assessment and disease diagnosis. Although previous attempts to classify sleep stages have achieved high classification performance, several challenges remain open: 1) How to effectively utilize time-varying spatial and temporal features from multi-channel brain signals remains challenging. Prior works have not been able to fully utilize the spatial topological information among brain regions. 2) Due to the many differences found in individual biological signals, how to overcome the differences of subjects and improve the generalization of deep neural networks is important. 3) Most deep learning methods ignore the interpretability of the model to the brain. To address the above challenges, we propose a multi-view spatial-temporal graph convolutional networks (MSTGCN) with domain generalization for sleep stage classification. Specifically, we construct two brain view graphs for MSTGCN based on the functional connectivity and physical distance proximity of the brain regions. The MSTGCN consists of graph convolutions for extracting spatial features and temporal convolutions for capturing the transition rules among sleep stages. In addition, attention mechanism is employed for capturing the most relevant spatial-temporal information for sleep stage classification. Finally, domain generalization and MSTGCN are integrated into a unified framework to extract subject-invariant sleep features. Experiments on two public datasets demonstrate that the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art baselines.      
### 98.CodeNeRF: Disentangled Neural Radiance Fields for Object Categories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01750.pdf)
>  CodeNeRF is an implicit 3D neural representation that learns the variation of object shapes and textures across a category and can be trained, from a set of posed images, to synthesize novel views of unseen objects. Unlike the original NeRF, which is scene specific, CodeNeRF learns to disentangle shape and texture by learning separate embeddings. At test time, given a single unposed image of an unseen object, CodeNeRF jointly estimates camera viewpoint, and shape and appearance codes via optimization. Unseen objects can be reconstructed from a single image, and then rendered from new viewpoints or their shape and texture edited by varying the latent codes. We conduct experiments on the SRN benchmark, which show that CodeNeRF generalises well to unseen objects and achieves on-par performance with methods that require known camera pose at test time. Our results on real-world images demonstrate that CodeNeRF can bridge the sim-to-real gap. Project page: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wayne1123/code-nerf" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 99.How Reliable Are Out-of-Distribution Generalization Methods for Medical Image Segmentation?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01668.pdf)
>  The recent achievements of Deep Learning rely on the test data being similar in distribution to the training data. In an ideal case, Deep Learning models would achieve Out-of-Distribution (OoD) Generalization, i.e. reliably make predictions on out-of-distribution data. Yet in practice, models usually fail to generalize well when facing a shift in distribution. Several methods were thereby designed to improve the robustness of the features learned by a model through Regularization- or Domain-Prediction-based schemes. Segmenting medical images such as MRIs of the hippocampus is essential for the diagnosis and treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders. But these brain images often suffer from distribution shift due to the patient's age and various pathologies affecting the shape of the organ. In this work, we evaluate OoD Generalization solutions for the problem of hippocampus segmentation in MR data using both fully- and semi-supervised training. We find that no method performs reliably in all experiments. Only the V-REx loss stands out as it remains easy to tune, while it outperforms a standard U-Net in most cases.      
