# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 16 Sep 2021
### 1.Deep Bregman Divergence for Contrastive Learning of Visual Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07455.pdf)
>  Deep Bregman divergence measures divergence of data points using neural networks which is beyond Euclidean distance and capable of capturing divergence over distributions. In this paper, we propose deep Bregman divergences for contrastive learning of visual representation and we aim to enhance contrastive loss used in self-supervised learning by training additional networks based on functional Bregman divergence. In contrast to the conventional contrastive learning methods which are solely based on divergences between single points, our framework can capture the divergence between distributions which improves the quality of learned representation. By combining conventional contrastive loss with the proposed divergence loss, our method outperforms baseline and most of previous methods for self-supervised and semi-supervised learning on multiple classifications and object detection tasks and datasets. The source code of the method and of all the experiments are available at supplementary.      
### 2.Neural Human Performer: Learning Generalizable Radiance Fields for Human Performance Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07448.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim at synthesizing a free-viewpoint video of an arbitrary human performance using sparse multi-view cameras. Recently, several works have addressed this problem by learning person-specific neural radiance fields (NeRF) to capture the appearance of a particular human. In parallel, some work proposed to use pixel-aligned features to generalize radiance fields to arbitrary new scenes and objects. Adopting such generalization approaches to humans, however, is highly challenging due to the heavy occlusions and dynamic articulations of body parts. To tackle this, we propose Neural Human Performer, a novel approach that learns generalizable neural radiance fields based on a parametric human body model for robust performance capture. Specifically, we first introduce a temporal transformer that aggregates tracked visual features based on the skeletal body motion over time. Moreover, a multi-view transformer is proposed to perform cross-attention between the temporally-fused features and the pixel-aligned features at each time step to integrate observations on the fly from multiple views. Experiments on the ZJU-MoCap and AIST datasets show that our method significantly outperforms recent generalizable NeRF methods on unseen identities and poses. The video results and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youngjoongunc.github.io/nhp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Contact-Aware Retargeting of Skinned Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07431.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a motion retargeting method that preserves self-contacts and prevents interpenetration. Self-contacts, such as when hands touch each other or the torso or the head, are important attributes of human body language and dynamics, yet existing methods do not model or preserve these contacts. Likewise, interpenetration, such as a hand passing into the torso, are a typical artifact of motion estimation methods. The input to our method is a human motion sequence and a target skeleton and character geometry. The method identifies self-contacts and ground contacts in the input motion, and optimizes the motion to apply to the output skeleton, while preserving these contacts and reducing interpenetration. We introduce a novel geometry-conditioned recurrent network with an encoder-space optimization strategy that achieves efficient retargeting while satisfying contact constraints. In experiments, our results quantitatively outperform previous methods and we conduct a user study where our retargeted motions are rated as higher-quality than those produced by recent works. We also show our method generalizes to motion estimated from human videos where we improve over previous works that produce noticeable interpenetration.      
### 4.Semi-supervised Contrastive Learning for Label-efficient Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07407.pdf)
>  The success of deep learning methods in medical image segmentation tasks heavily depends on a large amount of labeled data to supervise the training. On the other hand, the annotation of biomedical images requires domain knowledge and can be laborious. Recently, contrastive learning has demonstrated great potential in learning latent representation of images even without any label. Existing works have explored its application to biomedical image segmentation where only a small portion of data is labeled, through a pre-training phase based on self-supervised contrastive learning without using any labels followed by a supervised fine-tuning phase on the labeled portion of data only. In this paper, we establish that by including the limited label in formation in the pre-training phase, it is possible to boost the performance of contrastive learning. We propose a supervised local contrastive loss that leverages limited pixel-wise annotation to force pixels with the same label to gather around in the embedding space. Such loss needs pixel-wise computation which can be expensive for large images, and we further propose two strategies, downsampling and block division, to address the issue. We evaluate our methods on two public biomedical image datasets of different modalities. With different amounts of labeled data, our methods consistently outperform the state-of-the-art contrast-based methods and other semi-supervised learning techniques.      
### 5.A Unified Framework for Biphasic Facial Age Translation with Noisy-Semantic Guided Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07373.pdf)
>  Biphasic facial age translation aims at predicting the appearance of the input face at any age. Facial age translation has received considerable research attention in the last decade due to its practical value in cross-age face recognition and various entertainment applications. However, most existing methods model age changes between holistic images, regardless of the human face structure and the age-changing patterns of individual facial components. Consequently, the lack of semantic supervision will cause infidelity of generated faces in detail. To this end, we propose a unified framework for biphasic facial age translation with noisy-semantic guided generative adversarial networks. Structurally, we project the class-aware noisy semantic layouts to soft latent maps for the following injection operation on the individual facial parts. In particular, we introduce two sub-networks, ProjectionNet and ConstraintNet. ProjectionNet introduces the low-level structural semantic information with noise map and produces soft latent maps. ConstraintNet disentangles the high-level spatial features to constrain the soft latent maps, which endows more age-related context into the soft latent maps. Specifically, attention mechanism is employed in ConstraintNet for feature disentanglement. Meanwhile, in order to mine the strongest mapping ability of the network, we embed two types of learning strategies in the training procedure, supervised self-driven generation and unsupervised condition-driven cycle-consistent generation. As a result, extensive experiments conducted on MORPH and CACD datasets demonstrate the prominent ability of our proposed method which achieves state-of-the-art performance.      
### 6.Direct and Sparse Deformable Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07370.pdf)
>  Deformable Monocular SLAM algorithms recover the localization of a camera in an unknown deformable environment. Current approaches use a template-based deformable tracking to recover the camera pose and the deformation of the map. These template-based methods use an underlying global deformation model. In this paper, we introduce a novel deformable camera tracking method with a local deformation model for each point. Each map point is defined as a single textured surfel that moves independently of the other map points. Thanks to a direct photometric error cost function, we can track the position and orientation of the surfel without an explicit global deformation model. In our experiments, we validate the proposed system and observe that our local deformation model estimates more accurately and robustly the targeted deformations of the map in both laboratory-controlled experiments and in-body scenarios undergoing non-isometric deformations, with changing topology or discontinuities.      
### 7.Learning Dynamical Human-Joint Affinity for 3D Pose Estimation in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07353.pdf)
>  Graph Convolution Network (GCN) has been successfully used for 3D human pose estimation in videos. However, it is often built on the fixed human-joint affinity, according to human skeleton. This may reduce adaptation capacity of GCN to tackle complex spatio-temporal pose variations in videos. To alleviate this problem, we propose a novel Dynamical Graph Network (DG-Net), which can dynamically identify human-joint affinity, and estimate 3D pose by adaptively learning spatial/temporal joint relations from videos. Different from traditional graph convolution, we introduce Dynamical Spatial/Temporal Graph convolution (DSG/DTG) to discover spatial/temporal human-joint affinity for each video exemplar, depending on spatial distance/temporal movement similarity between human joints in this video. Hence, they can effectively understand which joints are spatially closer and/or have consistent motion, for reducing depth ambiguity and/or motion uncertainty when lifting 2D pose to 3D pose. We conduct extensive experiments on three popular benchmarks, e.g., Human3.6M, HumanEva-I, and MPI-INF-3DHP, where DG-Net outperforms a number of recent SOTA approaches with fewer input frames and model size.      
### 8.PointManifoldCut: Point-wise Augmentation in the Manifold for Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07324.pdf)
>  Augmentation can benefit point cloud learning due to the limited availability of large-scale public datasets. This paper proposes a mix-up augmentation approach, PointManifoldCut, which replaces the neural network embedded points, rather than the Euclidean space coordinates. This approach takes the advantage that points at the higher levels of the neural network are already trained to embed its neighbors relations and mixing these representation will not mingle the relation between itself and its label. This allows to regularize the parameter space as the other augmentation methods but without worrying about the proper label of the replaced points. The experiments show that our proposed approach provides a competitive performance on point cloud classification and segmentation when it is combined with the cutting-edge vanilla point cloud networks. The result shows a consistent performance boosting compared to other state-of-the-art point cloud augmentation method, such as PointMixup and PointCutMix. The code of this paper is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fun0515/PointManifoldCut" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.MD-CSDNetwork: Multi-Domain Cross Stitched Network for Deepfake Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07311.pdf)
>  The rapid progress in the ease of creating and spreading ultra-realistic media over social platforms calls for an urgent need to develop a generalizable deepfake detection technique. It has been observed that current deepfake generation methods leave discriminative artifacts in the frequency spectrum of fake images and videos. Inspired by this observation, in this paper, we present a novel approach, termed as MD-CSDNetwork, for combining the features in the spatial and frequency domains to mine a shared discriminative representation for classifying \textit{deepfakes}. MD-CSDNetwork is a novel cross-stitched network with two parallel branches carrying the spatial and frequency information, respectively. We hypothesize that these multi-domain input data streams can be considered as related supervisory signals. The supervision from both branches ensures better performance and generalization. Further, the concept of cross-stitch connections is utilized where they are inserted between the two branches to learn an optimal combination of domain-specific and shared representations from other domains automatically. Extensive experiments are conducted on the popular benchmark dataset namely FaceForeniscs++ for forgery classification. We report improvements over all the manipulation types in FaceForensics++ dataset and comparable results with state-of-the-art methods for cross-database evaluation on the Celeb-DF dataset and the Deepfake Detection Dataset.      
### 10.FFAVOD: Feature Fusion Architecture for Video Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07298.pdf)
>  A significant amount of redundancy exists between consecutive frames of a video. Object detectors typically produce detections for one image at a time, without any capabilities for taking advantage of this redundancy. Meanwhile, many applications for object detection work with videos, including intelligent transportation systems, advanced driver assistance systems and video surveillance. Our work aims at taking advantage of the similarity between video frames to produce better detections. We propose FFAVOD, standing for feature fusion architecture for video object detection. We first introduce a novel video object detection architecture that allows a network to share feature maps between nearby frames. Second, we propose a feature fusion module that learns to merge feature maps to enhance them. We show that using the proposed architecture and the fusion module can improve the performance of three base object detectors on two object detection benchmarks containing sequences of moving road users. Additionally, to further increase performance, we propose an improvement to the SpotNet attention module. Using our architecture on the improved SpotNet detector, we obtain the state-of-the-art performance on the UA-DETRAC public benchmark as well as on the UAVDT dataset. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hu64/FFAVOD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.New Perspective on Progressive GANs Distillationfor One-class Novelty Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07295.pdf)
>  One-class novelty detection is conducted to iden-tify anomalous instances, with different distributions from theexpected normal instances. In this paper, the Generative Adver-sarial Network based on the Encoder-Decoder-Encoder scheme(EDE-GAN) achieves state-of-the-art performance. The two fac-tors bellow serve the above purpose: 1) The EDE-GAN calculatesthe distance between two latent vectors as the anomaly score,which is unlike the previous methods by utilizing the reconstruc-tion error between images. 2) The model obtains best resultswhen the batch size is set to 1. To illustrate their superiority,we design a new GAN architecture, and compareperformances according to different batch sizes. Moreover, withexperimentation leads to discovery, our result implies there is alsoevidence of just how beneficial constraint on the latent space arewhen engaging in model <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://training.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> an attempt to learn compact and fast models, we present anew technology, Progressive Knowledge Distillation with GANs(P-KDGAN), which connects two standard GANs through thedesigned distillation loss. Two-step progressive learning continu-ously augments the performance of student GANs with improvedresults over single-step approach. Our experimental results onCIFAR-10, MNIST, and FMNIST datasets illustrate that P-KDGAN improves the performance of the student GAN by2.44%, 1.77%, and 1.73% when compressing the computationat ratios of 24.45:1, 311.11:1, and 700:1, respectively.      
### 12.Distract Your Attention: Multi-head Cross Attention Network for Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07270.pdf)
>  We present a novel facial expression recognition network, called Distract your Attention Network (DAN). Our method is based on two key observations. Firstly, multiple classes share inherently similar underlying facial appearance, and their differences could be subtle. Secondly, facial expressions exhibit themselves through multiple facial regions simultaneously, and the recognition requires a holistic approach by encoding high-order interactions among local features. To address these issues, we propose our DAN with three key components: Feature Clustering Network (FCN), Multi-head cross Attention Network (MAN), and Attention Fusion Network (AFN). The FCN extracts robust features by adopting a large-margin learning objective to maximize class separability. In addition, the MAN instantiates a number of attention heads to simultaneously attend to multiple facial areas and build attention maps on these regions. Further, the AFN distracts these attentions to multiple locations before fusing the attention maps to a comprehensive one. Extensive experiments on three public datasets (including AffectNet, RAF-DB, and SFEW 2.0) verified that the proposed method consistently achieves state-of-the-art facial expression recognition performance. Code will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yaoing/DAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Integrating Sensing and Communication in Cellular Networks via NR Sidelink  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07253.pdf)
>  RF-sensing, the analysis and interpretation of movement or environment-induced patterns in received electromagnetic signals, has been actively investigated for more than a decade. Since electromagnetic signals, through cellular communication systems, are omnipresent, RF sensing has the potential to become a universal sensing mechanism with applications in smart home, retail, localization, gesture recognition, intrusion detection, etc. Specifically, existing cellular network installations might be dual-used for both communication and sensing. Such communications and sensing convergence is envisioned for future communication networks. We propose the use of NR-sidelink direct device-to-device communication to achieve device-initiated,flexible sensing capabilities in beyond 5G cellular communication systems. In this article, we specifically investigate a common issue related to sidelink-based RF-sensing, which is its angle and rotation dependence. In particular, we discuss transformations of mmWave point-cloud data which achieve rotational invariance, as well as distributed processing based on such rotational invariant inputs, at angle and distance diverse devices. To process the distributed data, we propose a graph based encoder to capture spatio-temporal features of the data and propose four approaches for multi-angle learning. The approaches are compared on a newly recorded and openly available dataset comprising 15 subjects, performing 21 gestures which are recorded from 8 angles.      
### 14.RGB-D Saliency Detection via Cascaded Mutual Information Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07246.pdf)
>  Existing RGB-D saliency detection models do not explicitly encourage RGB and depth to achieve effective multi-modal learning. In this paper, we introduce a novel multi-stage cascaded learning framework via mutual information minimization to "explicitly" model the multi-modal information between RGB image and depth data. Specifically, we first map the feature of each mode to a lower dimensional feature vector, and adopt mutual information minimization as a regularizer to reduce the redundancy between appearance features from RGB and geometric features from depth. We then perform multi-stage cascaded learning to impose the mutual information minimization constraint at every stage of the network. Extensive experiments on benchmark RGB-D saliency datasets illustrate the effectiveness of our framework. Further, to prosper the development of this field, we contribute the largest (7x larger than NJU2K) dataset, which contains 15,625 image pairs with high quality polygon-/scribble-/object-/instance-/rank-level annotations. Based on these rich labels, we additionally construct four new benchmarks with strong baselines and observe some interesting phenomena, which can motivate future model design. Source code and dataset are available at "<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JingZhang617/cascaded_rgbd_sod" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>".      
### 15.Progressive Hard-case Mining across Pyramid Levels in Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07217.pdf)
>  In object detection, multi-level prediction (e.g., FPN, YOLO) and resampling skills (e.g., focal loss, ATSS) have drastically improved one-stage detector performance. However, how to improve the performance by optimizing the feature pyramid level-by-level remains unexplored. We find that, during training, the ratio of positive over negative samples varies across pyramid levels (\emph{level imbalance}), which is not addressed by current one-stage detectors. To mediate the influence of level imbalance, we propose a Unified Multi-level Optimization Paradigm (UMOP) consisting of two components: 1) an independent classification loss supervising each pyramid level with individual resampling considerations; 2) a progressive hard-case mining loss defining all losses across the pyramid levels without extra level-wise settings. With UMOP as a plug-and-play scheme, modern one-stage detectors can attain a ~1.5 AP improvement with fewer training iterations and no additional computation overhead. Our best model achieves 55.1 AP on COCO test-dev. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zimoqingfeng/UMOP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.FCA: Learning a 3D Full-coverage Vehicle Camouflage for Multi-view Physical Adversarial Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07193.pdf)
>  Physical adversarial attacks in object detection have attracted increasing attention. However, most previous works focus on hiding the objects from the detector by generating an individual adversarial patch, which only covers the planar part of the vehicle's surface and fails to attack the detector in physical scenarios for multi-view, long-distance and partially occluded objects. To bridge the gap between digital attacks and physical attacks, we exploit the full 3D vehicle surface to propose a robust Full-coverage Camouflage Attack (FCA) to fool detectors. Specifically, we first try rendering the non-planar camouflage texture over the full vehicle surface. To mimic the real-world environment conditions, we then introduce a transformation function to transfer the rendered camouflaged vehicle into a photo-realistic scenario. Finally, we design an efficient loss function to optimize the camouflage texture. Experiments show that the full-coverage camouflage attack can not only outperform state-of-the-art methods under various test cases but also generalize to different environments, vehicles, and object detectors.      
### 17.3D Annotation Of Arbitrary Objects In The Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07165.pdf)
>  Recent years have produced a variety of learning based methods in the context of computer vision and robotics. Most of the recently proposed methods are based on deep learning, which require very large amounts of data compared to traditional methods. The performance of the deep learning methods are largely dependent on the data distribution they were trained on, and it is important to use data from the robot's actual operating domain during training. Therefore, it is not possible to rely on pre-built, generic datasets when deploying robots in real environments, creating a need for efficient data collection and annotation in the specific operating conditions the robots will operate in. The challenge is then: how do we reduce the cost of obtaining such datasets to a point where we can easily deploy our robots in new conditions, environments and to support new sensors? As an answer to this question, we propose a data annotation pipeline based on SLAM, 3D reconstruction, and 3D-to-2D geometry. The pipeline allows creating 3D and 2D bounding boxes, along with per-pixel annotations of arbitrary objects without needing accurate 3D models of the objects prior to data collection and annotation. Our results showcase almost 90% Intersection-over-Union (IoU) agreement on both semantic segmentation and 2D bounding box detection across a variety of objects and scenes, while speeding up the annotation process by several orders of magnitude compared to traditional manual annotation.      
### 18.MISSFormer: An Effective Medical Image Segmentation Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07162.pdf)
>  The CNN-based methods have achieved impressive results in medical image segmentation, but it failed to capture the long-range dependencies due to the inherent locality of convolution operation. Transformer-based methods are popular in vision tasks recently because of its capacity of long-range dependencies and get a promising performance. However, it lacks in modeling local context, although some works attempted to embed convolutional layer to overcome this problem and achieved some improvement, but it makes the feature inconsistent and fails to leverage the natural multi-scale features of hierarchical transformer, which limit the performance of models. In this paper, taking medical image segmentation as an example, we present MISSFormer, an effective and powerful Medical Image Segmentation tranSFormer. MISSFormer is a hierarchical encoder-decoder network and has two appealing designs: 1) A feed forward network is redesigned with the proposed Enhanced Transformer Block, which makes features aligned adaptively and enhances the long-range dependencies and local context. 2) We proposed Enhanced Transformer Context Bridge, a context bridge with the enhanced transformer block to model the long-range dependencies and local context of multi-scale features generated by our hierarchical transformer encoder. Driven by these two designs, the MISSFormer shows strong capacity to capture more valuable dependencies and context in medical image segmentation. The experiments on multi-organ and cardiac segmentation tasks demonstrate the superiority, effectiveness and robustness of our MISSFormer, the exprimental results of MISSFormer trained from scratch even outperforms state-of-the-art methods pretrained on ImageNet, and the core designs can be generalized to other visual segmentation tasks. The code will be released in Github.      
### 19.Resolution-robust Large Mask Inpainting with Fourier Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07161.pdf)
>  Modern image inpainting systems, despite the significant progress, often struggle with large missing areas, complex geometric structures, and high-resolution images. We find that one of the main reasons for that is the lack of an effective receptive field in both the inpainting network and the loss function. To alleviate this issue, we propose a new method called large mask inpainting (LaMa). LaMa is based on i) a new inpainting network architecture that uses fast Fourier convolutions, which have the image-wide receptive field; ii) a high receptive field perceptual loss; and iii) large training masks, which unlocks the potential of the first two components. Our inpainting network improves the state-of-the-art across a range of datasets and achieves excellent performance even in challenging scenarios, e.g. completion of periodic structures. Our model generalizes surprisingly well to resolutions that are higher than those seen at train time, and achieves this at lower parameter&amp;compute costs than the competitive baselines. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/saic-mdal/lama" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Patch-based medical image segmentation using Quantum Tensor Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07138.pdf)
>  Tensor networks are efficient factorisations of high dimensional tensors into a network of lower order tensors. They have been most commonly used to model entanglement in quantum many-body systems and more recently are witnessing increased applications in supervised machine learning. In this work, we formulate image segmentation in a supervised setting with tensor networks. The key idea is to first lift the pixels in image patches to exponentially high dimensional feature spaces and using a linear decision hyper-plane to classify the input pixels into foreground and background classes. The high dimensional linear model itself is approximated using the matrix product state (MPS) tensor network. The MPS is weight-shared between the non-overlapping image patches resulting in our strided tensor network model. The performance of the proposed model is evaluated on three 2D- and one 3D- biomedical imaging datasets. The performance of the proposed tensor network segmentation model is compared with relevant baseline methods. In the 2D experiments, the tensor network model yeilds competitive performance compared to the baseline methods while being more resource efficient.      
### 21.Anchor DETR: Query Design for Transformer-Based Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07107.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel query design for the transformer-based detectors. In previous transformer-based detectors, the object queries are a set of learned embeddings. However, each learned embedding does not have an explicit physical meaning and we can not explain where it will focus on. It is difficult to optimize as the prediction slot of each object query does not have a specific mode. In other words, each object query will not focus on a specific region. To solved these problems, in our query design, object queries are based on anchor points, which are widely used in CNN-based detectors. So each object query focus on the objects near the anchor point. Moreover, our query design can predict multiple objects at one position to solve the difficulty: "one region, multiple objects". In addition, we design an attention variant, which can reduce the memory cost while achieving similar or better performance than the standard attention in DETR. Thanks to the query design and the attention variant, the proposed detector that we called Anchor DETR, can achieve better performance and run faster than the DETR with 10$\times$ fewer training epochs. For example, it achieves 44.2 AP with 16 FPS on the MSCOCO dataset when using the ResNet50-DC5 feature for training 50 epochs. Extensive experiments on the MSCOCO benchmark prove the effectiveness of the proposed methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/megvii-model/AnchorDETR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Hybrid Local-Global Transformer for Image Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07100.pdf)
>  Recently, the Vision Transformer (ViT) has shown impressive performance on high-level and low-level vision tasks. In this paper, we propose a new ViT architecture, named Hybrid Local-Global Vision Transformer (HyLoG-ViT), for single image dehazing. The HyLoG-ViT block consists of two paths, the local ViT path and the global ViT path, which are used to capture local and global dependencies. The hybrid features are fused via convolution layers. As a result, the HyLoG-ViT reduces the computational complexity and introduces locality in the networks. Then, the HyLoG-ViT blocks are incorporated within our dehazing networks, which jointly learn the intrinsic image decomposition and image dehazing. Specifically, the network consists of one shared encoder and three decoders for reflectance prediction, shading prediction, and haze-free image generation. The tasks of reflectance and shading prediction can produce meaningful intermediate features that can serve as complementary features for haze-free image generation. To effectively aggregate the complementary features, we propose a complementary features selection module (CFSM) to select the useful ones for image dehazing. Extensive experiments on homogeneous, non-homogeneous, and nighttime dehazing tasks reveal that our proposed Transformer-based dehazing network can achieve comparable or even better performance than CNNs-based dehazing models.      
### 23.DSOR: A Scalable Statistical Filter for Removing Falling Snow from LiDAR Point Clouds in Severe Winter Weather  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07078.pdf)
>  For autonomous vehicles to viably replace human drivers they must contend with inclement weather. Falling rain and snow introduce noise in LiDAR returns resulting in both false positive and false negative object detections. In this article we introduce the Winter Adverse Driving dataSet (WADS) collected in the snow belt region of Michigan's Upper Peninsula. WADS is the first multi-modal dataset featuring dense point-wise labeled sequential LiDAR scans collected in severe winter weather; weather that would cause an experienced driver to alter their driving behavior. We have labelled and will make available over 7 GB or 3.6 billion labelled LiDAR points out of over 26 TB of total LiDAR and camera data collected. We also present the Dynamic Statistical Outlier Removal (DSOR) filter, a statistical PCL-based filter capable or removing snow with a higher recall than the state of the art snow de-noising filter while being 28\% faster. Further, the DSOR filter is shown to have a lower time complexity compared to the state of the art resulting in an improved scalability. <br>Our labeled dataset and DSOR filter will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://bitbucket.org/autonomymtu/dsor_filter" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 24.F-CAM: Full Resolution CAM via Guided Parametric Upscaling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07069.pdf)
>  Class Activation Mapping (CAM) methods have recently gained much attention for weakly-supervised object localization (WSOL) tasks, allowing for CNN visualization and interpretation without training on fully annotated image datasets. CAM methods are typically integrated within off-the-shelf CNN backbones, such as ResNet50. Due to convolution and downsampling/pooling operations, these backbones yield low resolution CAMs with a down-scaling factor of up to 32, making accurate localization more difficult. Interpolation is required to restore a full size CAMs, but without considering the statistical properties of the objects, leading to activations with inconsistent boundaries and inaccurate localizations. As an alternative, we introduce a generic method for parametric upscaling of CAMs that allows constructing accurate full resolution CAMs (F-CAMs). In particular, we propose a trainable decoding architecture that can be connected to any CNN classifier to produce more accurate CAMs. Given an original (low resolution) CAM, foreground and background pixels are randomly sampled for fine-tuning the decoder. Additional priors such as image statistics, and size constraints are also considered to expand and refine object boundaries. Extensive experiments using three CNN backbones and six WSOL baselines on the CUB-200-2011 and OpenImages datasets, indicate that our F-CAM method yields a significant improvement in CAM localization accuracy. F-CAM performance is competitive with state-of-art WSOL methods, yet it requires fewer computational resources during inference.      
### 25.Image Synthesis via Semantic Composition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07053.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel approach to synthesize realistic images based on their semantic layouts. It hypothesizes that for objects with similar appearance, they share similar representation. Our method establishes dependencies between regions according to their appearance correlation, yielding both spatially variant and associated representations. Conditioning on these features, we propose a dynamic weighted network constructed by spatially conditional computation (with both convolution and normalization). More than preserving semantic distinctions, the given dynamic network strengthens semantic relevance, benefiting global structure and detail synthesis. We demonstrate that our method gives the compelling generation performance qualitatively and quantitatively with extensive experiments on benchmarks.      
### 26.PnP-DETR: Towards Efficient Visual Analysis with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07036.pdf)
>  Recently, DETR pioneered the solution of vision tasks with transformers, it directly translates the image feature map into the object detection result. Though effective, translating the full feature map can be costly due to redundant computation on some area like the background. In this work, we encapsulate the idea of reducing spatial redundancy into a novel poll and pool (PnP) sampling module, with which we build an end-to-end PnP-DETR architecture that adaptively allocates its computation spatially to be more efficient. Concretely, the PnP module abstracts the image feature map into fine foreground object feature vectors and a small number of coarse background contextual feature vectors. The transformer models information interaction within the fine-coarse feature space and translates the features into the detection result. Moreover, the PnP-augmented model can instantly achieve various desired trade-offs between performance and computation with a single model by varying the sampled feature length, without requiring to train multiple models as existing methods. Thus it offers greater flexibility for deployment in diverse scenarios with varying computation constraint. We further validate the generalizability of the PnP module on panoptic segmentation and the recent transformer-based image recognition model ViT and show consistent efficiency gain. We believe our method makes a step for efficient visual analysis with transformers, wherein spatial redundancy is commonly observed. Code will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/twangnh/pnp-detr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 27.ZFlow: Gated Appearance Flow-based Virtual Try-on with 3D Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07001.pdf)
>  Image-based virtual try-on involves synthesizing perceptually convincing images of a model wearing a particular garment and has garnered significant research interest due to its immense practical applicability. Recent methods involve a two stage process: i) warping of the garment to align with the model ii) texture fusion of the warped garment and target model to generate the try-on output. Issues arise due to the non-rigid nature of garments and the lack of geometric information about the model or the garment. It often results in improper rendering of granular details. We propose ZFlow, an end-to-end framework, which seeks to alleviate these concerns regarding geometric and textural integrity (such as pose, depth-ordering, skin and neckline reproduction) through a combination of gated aggregation of hierarchical flow estimates termed Gated Appearance Flow, and dense structural priors at various stage of the network. ZFlow achieves state-of-the-art results as observed qualitatively, and on quantitative benchmarks of image quality (PSNR, SSIM, and FID). The paper presents extensive comparisons with other existing solutions including a detailed user study and ablation studies to gauge the effect of each of our contributions on multiple datasets.      
### 28.Multi-modal Wound Classification using Wound Image and Location by Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06969.pdf)
>  Wound classification is an essential step of wound diagnosis. An efficient classifier can assist wound specialists in classifying wound types with less financial and time costs and help them decide an optimal treatment procedure. This study developed a deep neural network-based multi-modal classifier using wound images and their corresponding locations to categorize wound images into multiple classes, including diabetic, pressure, surgical, and venous ulcers. A body map is also developed to prepare the location data, which can help wound specialists tag wound locations more efficiently. Three datasets containing images and their corresponding location information are designed with the help of wound specialists. The multi-modal network is developed by concatenating the image-based and location-based classifier's outputs with some other modifications. The maximum accuracy on mixed-class classifications (containing background and normal skin) varies from 77.33% to 100% on different experiments. The maximum accuracy on wound-class classifications (containing only diabetic, pressure, surgical, and venous) varies from 72.95% to 98.08% on different experiments. The proposed multi-modal network also shows a significant improvement in results from the previous works of literature.      
### 29.A trainable monogenic ConvNet layer robust in front of large contrast changes in image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06926.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (ConvNets) at present achieve remarkable performance in image classification tasks. However, current ConvNets cannot guarantee the capabilities of the mammalian visual systems such as invariance to contrast and illumination changes. Some ideas to overcome the illumination and contrast variations usually have to be tuned manually and tend to fail when tested with other types of data degradation. In this context, we present a new bio-inspired {entry} layer, M6, which detects low-level geometric features (lines, edges, and orientations) which are similar to patterns detected by the V1 visual cortex. This new trainable layer is capable of coping with image classification even with large contrast variations. The explanation for this behavior is the monogenic signal geometry, which represents each pixel value in a 3D space using quaternions, a fact that confers a degree of explainability to the networks. We compare M6 with a conventional convolutional layer (C) and a deterministic quaternion local phase layer (Q9). The experimental setup {is designed to evaluate the robustness} of our M6 enriched ConvNet model and includes three architectures, four datasets, three types of contrast degradation (including non-uniform haze degradations). The numerical results reveal that the models with M6 are the most robust in front of any kind of contrast variations. This amounts to a significant enhancement of the C models, which usually have reasonably good performance only when the same training and test degradation are used, except for the case of maximum degradation. Moreover, the Structural Similarity Index Measure (SSIM) is used to analyze and explain the robustness effect of the M6 feature maps under any kind of contrast degradations.      
### 30.Multi-Scale Aligned Distillation for Low-Resolution Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06875.pdf)
>  In instance-level detection tasks (e.g., object detection), reducing input resolution is an easy option to improve runtime efficiency. However, this option traditionally hurts the detection performance much. This paper focuses on boosting the performance of low-resolution models by distilling knowledge from a high- or multi-resolution model. We first identify the challenge of applying knowledge distillation (KD) to teacher and student networks that act on different input resolutions. To tackle it, we explore the idea of spatially aligning feature maps between models of varying input resolutions by shifting feature pyramid positions and introduce aligned multi-scale training to train a multi-scale teacher that can distill its knowledge to a low-resolution student. Further, we propose crossing feature-level fusion to dynamically fuse teacher's multi-resolution features to guide the student better. On several instance-level detection tasks and datasets, the low-resolution models trained via our approach perform competitively with high-resolution models trained via conventional multi-scale training, while outperforming the latter's low-resolution models by 2.1% to 3.6% in terms of mAP. Our code is made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dvlab-research/MSAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.A Wide-area, Low-latency, and Power-efficient 6-DoF Pose Tracking System for Rigid Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07428.pdf)
>  Position sensitive detectors (PSDs) offer possibility to track single active marker's two (or three) degrees of freedom (DoF) position with a high accuracy, while having a fast response time with high update frequency and low latency, all using a very simple signal processing circuit. However they are not particularly suitable for 6-DoF object pose tracking system due to lack of orientation measurement, limited tracking range, and sensitivity to environmental variation. We propose a novel 6-DoF pose tracking system for a rigid object tracking requiring a single active marker. The proposed system uses a stereo-based PSD pair and multiple Inertial Measurement Units (IMUs). This is done based on a practical approach to identify and control the power of Infrared-Light Emitting Diode (IR-LED) active markers, with an aim to increase the tracking work space and reduce the power consumption. Our proposed tracking system is validated with three different work space sizes and for static and dynamic positional accuracy using robotic arm manipulator with three different dynamic motion patterns. The results show that the static position root-mean-square (RMS) error is 0.6mm. The dynamic position RMS error is 0.7-0.9mm. The orientation RMS error is between 0.04 and 0.9 degree at varied dynamic motion. Overall, our proposed tracking system is capable of tracking a rigid object pose with sub-millimeter accuracy at the mid range of the work space and sub-degree accuracy for all work space under a lab setting.      
### 32.S3LAM: Structured Scene SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07339.pdf)
>  We propose a new general SLAM system that uses the semantic segmentation of objects and structures in the scene. Semantic information is relevant as it contains high level information which may make SLAM more accurate and robust. Our contribution is threefold: i) A new SLAM system based on ORB-SLAM2 that creates a semantic map made of clusters of points corresponding to objects instances and structures in the scene. ii) A modification of the classical Bundle Adjustment formulation to constrain each cluster using geometrical priors, which improves both camera localization and reconstruction and enables a better understanding of the scene. iii) A new Bundle Adjustment formulation at the level of clusters to improve the convergence of classical Bundle Adjustment. We evaluate our approach on several sequences from a public dataset and show that, with respect to ORB-SLAM2 it improves camera pose estimation.      
### 33.DeFungi: Direct Mycological Examination of Microscopic Fungi Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07322.pdf)
>  Traditionally, diagnosis and treatment of fungal infections in humans depend heavily on face-to-face consultations or examinations made by specialized laboratory scientists known as mycologists. In many cases, such as the recent mucormycosis spread in the COVID-19 pandemic, an initial treatment can be safely suggested to the patient during the earliest stage of the mycological diagnostic process by performing a direct examination of biopsies or samples through a microscope. Computer-aided diagnosis systems using deep learning models have been trained and used for the late mycological diagnostic stages. However, there are no reference literature works made for the early stages. A mycological laboratory in Colombia donated the images used for the development of this research work. They were manually labelled into five classes and curated with a subject matter expert assistance. The images were later cropped and patched with automated code routines to produce the final dataset. This paper presents experimental results classifying five fungi types using two different deep learning approaches and three different convolutional neural network models, VGG16, Inception V3, and ResNet50. The first approach benchmarks the classification performance for the models trained from scratch, while the second approach benchmarks the classification performance using pre-trained models based on the ImageNet dataset. Using k-fold cross-validation testing on the 5-class dataset, the best performing model trained from scratch was Inception V3, reporting 73.2% accuracy. Also, the best performing model using transfer learning was VGG16 reporting 85.04%. The statistics provided by the two approaches create an initial point of reference to encourage future research works to improve classification performance. Furthermore, the dataset built is published in Kaggle and GitHub to foster future research.      
### 34.Navigation-Oriented Scene Understanding for Robotic Autonomy: Learning to Segment Driveability in Egocentric Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07245.pdf)
>  This work tackles scene understanding for outdoor robotic navigation, solely relying on images captured by an on-board camera. Conventional visual scene understanding interprets the environment based on specific descriptive categories. However, such a representation is not directly interpretable for decision-making and constrains robot operation to a specific domain. Thus, we propose to segment egocentric images directly in terms of how a robot can navigate in them, and tailor the learning problem to an autonomous navigation task. Building around an image segmentation network, we present a generic and scalable affordance-based definition consisting of 3 driveability levels which can be applied to arbitrary scenes. By encoding these levels with soft ordinal labels, we incorporate inter-class distances during learning which improves segmentation compared to standard one-hot labelling. In addition, we propose a navigation-oriented pixel-wise loss weighting method which assigns higher importance to safety-critical areas. We evaluate our approach on large-scale public image segmentation datasets spanning off-road and urban scenes. In a zero-shot cross-dataset generalization experiment, we show that our affordance learning scheme can be applied across a diverse mix of datasets and improves driveability estimation in unseen environments compared to general-purpose, single-dataset segmentation.      
### 35.Uncertainty Quantification in Medical Image Segmentation with Multi-decoder U-Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07045.pdf)
>  Accurate medical image segmentation is crucial for diagnosis and analysis. However, the models without calibrated uncertainty estimates might lead to errors in downstream analysis and exhibit low levels of robustness. Estimating the uncertainty in the measurement is vital to making definite, informed conclusions. Especially, it is difficult to make accurate predictions on ambiguous areas and focus boundaries for both models and radiologists, even harder to reach a consensus with multiple annotations. In this work, the uncertainty under these areas is studied, which introduces significant information with anatomical structure and is as important as segmentation performance. We exploit the medical image segmentation uncertainty quantification by measuring segmentation performance with multiple annotations in a supervised learning manner and propose a U-Net based architecture with multiple decoders, where the image representation is encoded with the same encoder, and segmentation referring to each annotation is estimated with multiple decoders. Nevertheless, a cross-loss function is proposed for bridging the gap between different branches. The proposed architecture is trained in an end-to-end manner and able to improve predictive uncertainty estimates. The model achieves comparable performance with fewer parameters to the integrated training model that ranked the runner-up in the MICCAI-QUBIQ 2020 challenge.      
### 36.Seeking an Optimal Approach for Computer-Aided Pulmonary Embolism Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07029.pdf)
>  Pulmonary embolism (PE) represents a thrombus ("blood clot"), usually originating from a lower extremity vein, that travels to the blood vessels in the lung, causing vascular obstruction and in some patients, death. This disorder is commonly diagnosed using CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA). Deep learning holds great promise for the computer-aided CTPA diagnosis (CAD) of PE. However, numerous competing methods for a given task in the deep learning literature exist, causing great confusion regarding the development of a CAD PE system. To address this confusion, we present a comprehensive analysis of competing deep learning methods applicable to PE diagnosis using CTPA at the both image and exam levels. At the image level, we compare convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with vision transformers, and contrast self-supervised learning (SSL) with supervised learning, followed by an evaluation of transfer learning compared with training from scratch. At the exam level, we focus on comparing conventional classification (CC) with multiple instance learning (MIL). Our extensive experiments consistently show: (1) transfer learning consistently boosts performance despite differences between natural images and CT scans, (2) transfer learning with SSL surpasses its supervised counterparts; (3) CNNs outperform vision transformers, which otherwise show satisfactory performance; and (4) CC is, surprisingly, superior to MIL. Compared with the state of the art, our optimal approach provides an AUC gain of 0.2\% and 1.05\% for image-level and exam-level, respectively.      
### 37.Combining GEDI and Sentinel-2 for wall-to-wall mapping of tall and short crops  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06972.pdf)
>  High resolution crop type maps are an important tool for improving food security, and remote sensing is increasingly used to create such maps in regions that possess ground truth labels for model training. However, these labels are absent in many regions, and models trained in other regions on typical satellite features, such as those from optical sensors, often exhibit low performance when transferred. Here we explore the use of NASA's Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation (GEDI) spaceborne lidar instrument, combined with Sentinel-2 optical data, for crop type mapping. Using data from three major cropped regions (in China, France, and the United States) we first demonstrate that GEDI energy profiles are capable of reliably distinguishing maize, a crop typically above 2m in height, from crops like rice and soybean that are shorter. We further show that these GEDI profiles provide much more invariant features across geographies compared to spectral and phenological features detected by passive optical sensors. GEDI is able to distinguish maize from other crops within each region with accuracies higher than 84%, and able to transfer across regions with accuracies higher than 82% compared to 64% for transfer of optical features. Finally, we show that GEDI profiles can be used to generate training labels for models based on optical imagery from Sentinel-2, thereby enabling the creation of 10m wall-to-wall maps of tall versus short crops in label-scarce regions. As maize is the second most widely grown crop in the world and often the only tall crop grown within a landscape, we conclude that GEDI offers great promise for improving global crop type maps.      
### 38.Hardware-aware Real-time Myocardial Segmentation Quality Control in Contrast Echocardiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06909.pdf)
>  Automatic myocardial segmentation of contrast echocardiography has shown great potential in the quantification of myocardial perfusion parameters. Segmentation quality control is an important step to ensure the accuracy of segmentation results for quality research as well as its clinical application. Usually, the segmentation quality control happens after the data acquisition. At the data acquisition time, the operator could not know the quality of the segmentation results. On-the-fly segmentation quality control could help the operator to adjust the ultrasound probe or retake data if the quality is unsatisfied, which can greatly reduce the effort of time-consuming manual correction. However, it is infeasible to deploy state-of-the-art DNN-based models because the segmentation module and quality control module must fit in the limited hardware resource on the ultrasound machine while satisfying strict latency constraints. In this paper, we propose a hardware-aware neural architecture search framework for automatic myocardial segmentation and quality control of contrast echocardiography. We explicitly incorporate the hardware latency as a regularization term into the loss function during training. The proposed method searches the best neural network architecture for the segmentation module and quality prediction module with strict latency.      
