# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 6 Sep 2021
### 1.Instabilities in Plug-and-Play (PnP) algorithms from a learned denoiser  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01655.pdf)
>  It's well-known that inverse problems are ill-posed and to solve them meaningfully, one has to employ regularization methods. Traditionally, popular regularization methods are the penalized Variational approaches. In recent years, the classical regularization approaches have been outclassed by the so-called plug-and-play (PnP) algorithms, which copy the proximal gradient minimization processes, such as ADMM or FISTA, but with any general denoiser. However, unlike the traditional proximal gradient methods, the theoretical underpinnings, convergence, and stability results have been insufficient for these PnP-algorithms. Hence, the results obtained from these algorithms, though empirically outstanding, can't always be completely trusted, as they may contain certain instabilities or (hallucinated) features arising from the denoiser, especially when using a pre-trained learned denoiser. In fact, in this paper, we show that a PnP-algorithm can induce hallucinated features, when using a pre-trained deep-learning-based (DnCNN) denoiser. We show that such instabilities are quite different than the instabilities inherent to an ill-posed problem. We also present methods to subdue these instabilities and significantly improve the recoveries. We compare the advantages and disadvantages of a learned denoiser over a classical denoiser (here, BM3D), as well as, the effectiveness of the FISTA-PnP algorithm vs. the ADMM-PnP algorithm. In addition, we also provide an algorithm to combine these two denoisers, the learned and the classical, in a weighted fashion to produce even better results. We conclude with numerical results which validate the developed theories.      
### 2.Wildfire smoke plume segmentation using geostationary satellite imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01637.pdf)
>  Wildfires have increased in frequency and severity over the past two decades, especially in the Western United States. Beyond physical infrastructure damage caused by these wildfire events, researchers have increasingly identified harmful impacts of particulate matter generated by wildfire smoke on respiratory, cardiovascular, and cognitive health. This inference is difficult due to the spatial and temporal uncertainty regarding how much particulate matter is specifically attributable to wildfire smoke. One factor contributing to this challenge is the reliance on manually drawn smoke plume annotations, which are often noisy representations limited to the United States. This work uses deep convolutional neural networks to segment smoke plumes from geostationary satellite imagery. We compare the performance of predicted plume segmentations versus the noisy annotations using causal inference methods to estimate the amount of variation each explains in Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) measured surface level particulate matter &lt;2.5um in diameter ($\textrm{PM}_{2.5}$).      
### 3.Representing Shape Collections with Alignment-Aware Linear Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01605.pdf)
>  In this paper, we revisit the classical representation of 3D point clouds as linear shape models. Our key insight is to leverage deep learning to represent a collection of shapes as affine transformations of low-dimensional linear shape models. Each linear model is characterized by a shape prototype, a low-dimensional shape basis and two neural networks. The networks take as input a point cloud and predict the coordinates of a shape in the linear basis and the affine transformation which best approximate the input. Both linear models and neural networks are learned end-to-end using a single reconstruction loss. The main advantage of our approach is that, in contrast to many recent deep approaches which learn feature-based complex shape representations, our model is explicit and every operation occurs in 3D space. As a result, our linear shape models can be easily visualized and annotated, and failure cases can be visually understood. While our main goal is to introduce a compact and interpretable representation of shape collections, we show it leads to state of the art results for few-shot segmentation.      
### 4.Super Neurons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01594.pdf)
>  Operational Neural Networks (ONNs) are new generation network models that can perform any (non-linear) transformation with a proper combination of "nodal" and "pool" operators. However, they still have a certain restriction, which is the sole usage of a single nodal operator for all (synaptic) connections of each neuron. The idea behind the "generative neurons" was born as a remedy for this restriction where each nodal operator can be "customized" during the training in order to maximize the learning performance. Self-Organized ONNs (Self-ONNs) composed with the generative neurons can achieve an utmost level of diversity even with a compact configuration; however, it still suffers from the last property that was inherited from the CNNs: localized kernel operations which imposes a severe limitation to the information flow between layers. It is, therefore, desirable for the neurons to gather information from a larger area in the previous layer maps without increasing the kernel size. For certain applications, it might be even more desirable "to learn" the kernel locations of each connection during the training process along with the customized nodal operators so that both can be optimized simultaneously. This study introduces the super (generative) neuron models that can accomplish this without altering the kernel sizes and will enable a significant diversity in terms of information flow. The two models of super neurons proposed in this study vary on the localization process of the kernels: i) randomly localized kernels within a bias range set for each layer, ii) optimized locations of each kernel during the Back-Propagation (BP) training. The extensive set of comparative evaluations show that Self-ONNs with super-neurons can indeed achieve a superior learning and generalization capability without any significant rise of the computational complexity.      
### 5.Neural Human Deformation Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01588.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of human deformation transfer, where the goal is to retarget poses between different characters. Traditional methods that tackle this problem require a clear definition of the pose, and use this definition to transfer poses between characters. In this work, we take a different approach and transform the identity of a character into a new identity without modifying the character's pose. This offers the advantage of not having to define equivalences between 3D human poses, which is not straightforward as poses tend to change depending on the identity of the character performing them, and as their meaning is highly contextual. To achieve the deformation transfer, we propose a neural encoder-decoder architecture where only identity information is encoded and where the decoder is conditioned on the pose. We use pose independent representations, such as isometry-invariant shape characteristics, to represent identity features. Our model uses these features to supervise the prediction of offsets from the deformed pose to the result of the transfer. We show experimentally that our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods both quantitatively and qualitatively, and generalises better to poses not seen during training. We also introduce a fine-tuning step that allows to obtain competitive results for extreme identities, and allows to transfer simple clothing.      
### 6.3D Human Shape Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01587.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of modifying/replacing the shape style of a real moving character with those of an arbitrary static real source character. Traditional solutions follow a pose transfer strategy, from the moving character to the source character shape, that relies on skeletal pose parametrization. In this paper, we explore an alternative approach that transfers the source shape style onto the moving character. The expected benefit is to avoid the inherently difficult pose to shape conversion required with skeletal parametrization applied on real characters. To this purpose, we consider image style transfer techniques and investigate how to adapt them to 3D human shapes. Adaptive Instance Normalisation (AdaIN) and SPADE architectures have been demonstrated to efficiently and accurately transfer the style of an image onto another while preserving the original image structure. Where AdaIN contributes with a module to perform style transfer through the statistics of the subjects and SPADE contribute with a residual block architecture to refine the quality of the style transfer. We demonstrate that these approaches are extendable to the 3D shape domain by proposing a convolutional neural network that applies the same principle of preserving the shape structure (shape pose) while transferring the style of a new subject shape. The generated results are supervised through a discriminator module to evaluate the realism of the shape, whilst enforcing the decoder to synthesise plausible shapes and improve the style transfer for unseen subjects. Our experiments demonstrate an average of $\approx 56\%$ qualitative and quantitative improvements over the baseline in shape transfer through optimization-based and learning-based methods.      
### 7.Using Topological Framework for the Design of Activation Function and Model Pruning in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01572.pdf)
>  Success of deep neural networks in diverse tasks across domains of computer vision, speech recognition and natural language processing, has necessitated understanding the dynamics of training process and also working of trained models. Two independent contributions of this paper are 1) Novel activation function for faster training convergence 2) Systematic pruning of filters of models trained irrespective of activation function. We analyze the topological transformation of the space of training samples as it gets transformed by each successive layer during training, by changing the activation function. The impact of changing activation function on the convergence during training is reported for the task of binary classification. A novel activation function aimed at faster convergence for classification tasks is proposed. Here, Betti numbers are used to quantify topological complexity of data. Results of experiments on popular synthetic binary classification datasets with large Betti numbers(&gt;150) using MLPs are reported. Results show that the proposed activation function results in faster convergence requiring fewer epochs by a factor of 1.5 to 2, since Betti numbers reduce faster across layers with the proposed activation function. The proposed methodology was verified on benchmark image datasets: fashion MNIST, CIFAR-10 and cat-vs-dog images, using CNNs. Based on empirical results, we propose a novel method for pruning a trained model. The trained model was pruned by eliminating filters that transform data to a topological space with large Betti numbers. All filters with Betti numbers greater than 300 were removed from each layer without significant reduction in accuracy. This resulted in faster prediction time and reduced memory size of the model.      
### 8.Deep Metric Learning for Ground Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01569.pdf)
>  Ground texture based localization methods are potential prospects for low-cost, high-accuracy self-localization solutions for robots. These methods estimate the pose of a given query image, i.e. the current observation of the ground from a downward-facing camera, in respect to a set of reference images whose poses are known in the application area. In this work, we deal with the initial localization task, in which we have no prior knowledge about the current robot positioning. In this situation, the localization method would have to consider all available reference images. However, in order to reduce computational effort and the risk of receiving a wrong result, we would like to consider only those reference images that are actually overlapping with the query image. For this purpose, we propose a deep metric learning approach that retrieves the most similar reference images to the query image. In contrast to existing approaches to image retrieval for ground images, our approach achieves significantly better recall performance and improves the localization performance of a state-of-the-art ground texture based localization method.      
### 9.Ordinal Pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01561.pdf)
>  In the framework of convolutional neural networks, downsampling is often performed with an average-pooling, where all the activations are treated equally, or with a max-pooling operation that only retains an element with maximum activation while discarding the others. Both of these operations are restrictive and have previously been shown to be sub-optimal. To address this issue, a novel pooling scheme, named\emph{ ordinal pooling}, is introduced in this work. Ordinal pooling rearranges all the elements of a pooling region in a sequence and assigns a different weight to each element based upon its order in the sequence. These weights are used to compute the pooling operation as a weighted sum of the rearranged elements of the pooling region. They are learned via a standard gradient-based training, allowing to learn a behavior anywhere in the spectrum of average-pooling to max-pooling in a differentiable manner. Our experiments suggest that it is advantageous for the networks to perform different types of pooling operations within a pooling layer and that a hybrid behavior between average- and max-pooling is often beneficial. More importantly, they also demonstrate that ordinal pooling leads to consistent improvements in the accuracy over average- or max-pooling operations while speeding up the training and alleviating the issue of the choice of the pooling operations and activation functions to be used in the networks. In particular, ordinal pooling mainly helps on lightweight or quantized deep learning architectures, as typically considered e.g. for embedded applications.      
### 10.Model-Based Parameter Optimization for Ground Texture Based Localization Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01559.pdf)
>  A promising approach to accurate positioning of robots is ground texture based localization. It is based on the observation that visual features of ground images enable fingerprint-like place recognition. We tackle the issue of efficient parametrization of such methods, deriving a prediction model for localization performance, which requires only a small collection of sample images of an application area. In a first step, we examine whether the model can predict the effects of changing one of the most important parameters of feature-based localization methods: the number of extracted features. We examine two localization methods, and in both cases our evaluation shows that the predictions are sufficiently accurate. Since this model can be used to find suitable values for any parameter, we then present a holistic parameter optimization framework, which finds suitable texture-specific parameter configurations, using only the model to evaluate the considered parameter configurations.      
### 11.UnDeepLIO: Unsupervised Deep Lidar-Inertial Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01533.pdf)
>  Extensive research efforts have been dedicated to deep learning based odometry. Nonetheless, few efforts are made on the unsupervised deep lidar odometry. In this paper, we design a novel framework for unsupervised lidar odometry with the IMU, which is never used in other deep methods. First, a pair of siamese LSTMs are used to obtain the initial pose from the linear acceleration and angular velocity of IMU. With the initial pose, we perform the rigid transform on the current frame and align it closer to the last frame. Then, we extract vertex and normal features from the transformed point clouds and its normals. Next a two-branches attention modules are proposed to estimate residual rotation and translation from the extracted vertex and normal features, respectively. Finally, our model outputs the sum of initial and residual poses as the final pose. For unsupervised training, we introduce an unsupervised loss function which is employed on the voxelized point clouds. The proposed approach is evaluated on the KITTI odometry estimation benchmark and achieves comparable performances against other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 12.Safety-aware Motion Prediction with Unseen Vehicles for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01510.pdf)
>  Motion prediction of vehicles is critical but challenging due to the uncertainties in complex environments and the limited visibility caused by occlusions and limited sensor ranges. In this paper, we study a new task, safety-aware motion prediction with unseen vehicles for autonomous driving. Unlike the existing trajectory prediction task for seen vehicles, we aim at predicting an occupancy map that indicates the earliest time when each location can be occupied by either seen and unseen vehicles. The ability to predict unseen vehicles is critical for safety in autonomous driving. To tackle this challenging task, we propose a safety-aware deep learning model with three new loss functions to predict the earliest occupancy map. Experiments on the large-scale autonomous driving nuScenes dataset show that our proposed model significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art baselines on the safety-aware motion prediction task. To the best of our knowledge, our approach is the first one that can predict the existence of unseen vehicles in most cases. Project page at {\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xrenaa/Safety-Aware-Motion-Prediction" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 13.Ghost Loss to Question the Reliability of Training Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01504.pdf)
>  Supervised image classification problems rely on training data assumed to have been correctly annotated; this assumption underpins most works in the field of deep learning. In consequence, during its training, a network is forced to match the label provided by the annotator and is not given the flexibility to choose an alternative to inconsistencies that it might be able to detect. Therefore, erroneously labeled training images may end up ``correctly'' classified in classes which they do not actually belong to. This may reduce the performances of the network and thus incite to build more complex networks without even checking the quality of the training data. In this work, we question the reliability of the annotated datasets. For that purpose, we introduce the notion of ghost loss, which can be seen as a regular loss that is zeroed out for some predicted values in a deterministic way and that allows the network to choose an alternative to the given label without being penalized. After a proof of concept experiment, we use the ghost loss principle to detect confusing images and erroneously labeled images in well-known training datasets (MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, SVHN, CIFAR10) and we provide a new tool, called sanity matrix, for summarizing these confusions.      
### 14.Occlusion-Invariant Rotation-Equivariant Semi-Supervised Depth Based Cross-View Gait Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01397.pdf)
>  Accurate estimation of three-dimensional human skeletons from depth images can provide important metrics for healthcare applications, especially for biomechanical gait analysis. However, there exist inherent problems associated with depth images captured from a single view. The collected data is greatly affected by occlusions where only partial surface data can be recorded. Furthermore, depth images of human body exhibit heterogeneous characteristics with viewpoint changes, and the estimated poses under local coordinate systems are expected to go through equivariant rotations. Most existing pose estimation models are sensitive to both issues. To address this, we propose a novel approach for cross-view generalization with an occlusion-invariant semi-supervised learning framework built upon a novel rotation-equivariant backbone. Our model was trained with real-world data from a single view and unlabelled synthetic data from multiple views. It can generalize well on the real-world data from all the other unseen views. Our approach has shown superior performance on gait analysis on our ICL-Gait dataset compared to other state-of-the-arts and it can produce more convincing keypoints on ITOP dataset, than its provided "ground truth".      
### 15.Segmentation of turbulent computational fluid dynamics simulations with unsupervised ensemble learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01381.pdf)
>  Computer vision and machine learning tools offer an exciting new way for automatically analyzing and categorizing information from complex computer simulations. Here we design an ensemble machine learning framework that can independently and robustly categorize and dissect simulation data output contents of turbulent flow patterns into distinct structure catalogues. The segmentation is performed using an unsupervised clustering algorithm, which segments physical structures by grouping together similar pixels in simulation images. The accuracy and robustness of the resulting segment region boundaries are enhanced by combining information from multiple simultaneously-evaluated clustering operations. The stacking of object segmentation evaluations is performed using image mask combination operations. This statistically-combined ensemble (SCE) of different cluster masks allows us to construct cluster reliability metrics for each pixel and for the associated segments without any prior user input. By comparing the similarity of different cluster occurrences in the ensemble, we can also assess the optimal number of clusters needed to describe the data. Furthermore, by relying on ensemble-averaged spatial segment region boundaries, the SCE method enables reconstruction of more accurate and robust region of interest (ROI) boundaries for the different image data clusters. We apply the SCE algorithm to 2-dimensional simulation data snapshots of magnetically-dominated fully-kinetic turbulent plasma flows where accurate ROI boundaries are needed for geometrical measurements of intermittent flow structures known as current sheets.      
### 16.Deep Learning for Fitness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01376.pdf)
>  We present Fitness tutor, an application for maintaining correct posture during workout exercises or doing yoga. Current work on fitness focuses on suggesting food supplements, accessing workouts, workout wearables does a great job in improving the fitness. Meanwhile, the current situation is making difficult to monitor workouts by trainee. Inspired by healthcare innovations like robotic surgery, we design a novel application Fitness tutor which can guide the workouts using pose estimation. Pose estimation can be deployed on the reference image for gathering data and guide the user with the data. This allow Fitness tutor to guide the workouts (both exercise and yoga) in remote conditions with a single reference posture as image. We use posenet model in tensorflow with p5js for developing skeleton. Fitness tutor is an application of pose estimation model in bringing a realtime teaching experience in fitness. Our experiments shows that it can leverage potential of pose estimation models by providing guidance in realtime.      
### 17.Towards Learning Spatially Discriminative Feature Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01359.pdf)
>  The backbone of traditional CNN classifier is generally considered as a feature extractor, followed by a linear layer which performs the classification. We propose a novel loss function, termed as CAM-loss, to constrain the embedded feature maps with the class activation maps (CAMs) which indicate the spatially discriminative regions of an image for particular categories. CAM-loss drives the backbone to express the features of target category and suppress the features of non-target categories or background, so as to obtain more discriminative feature representations. It can be simply applied in any CNN architecture with neglectable additional parameters and calculations. Experimental results show that CAM-loss is applicable to a variety of network structures and can be combined with mainstream regularization methods to improve the performance of image classification. The strong generalization ability of CAM-loss is validated in the transfer learning and few shot learning tasks. Based on CAM-loss, we also propose a novel CAAM-CAM matching knowledge distillation method. This method directly uses the CAM generated by the teacher network to supervise the CAAM generated by the student network, which effectively improves the accuracy and convergence rate of the student network.      
### 18.MitoVis: A Visually-guided Interactive Intelligent System for Neuronal Mitochondria Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01351.pdf)
>  Neurons have a polarized structure, including dendrites and axons, and compartment-specific functions can be affected by dwelling mitochondria. It is known that the morphology of mitochondria is closely related to the functions of neurons and neurodegenerative diseases. Even though several deep learning methods have been developed to automatically analyze the morphology of mitochondria, the application of existing methods to actual analysis still encounters several difficulties. Since the performance of pre-trained deep learning model may vary depending on the target data, re-training of the model is often required. Besides, even though deep learning has shown superior performance under a constrained setup, there are always errors that need to be corrected by humans in real analysis. To address these issues, we introduce MitoVis, a novel visualization system for end-to-end data processing and interactive analysis of the morphology of neuronal mitochondria. MitoVis enables interactive fine-tuning of a pre-trained neural network model without the domain knowledge of machine learning, which allows neuroscientists to easily leverage deep learning in their research. MitoVis also provides novel visual guides and interactive proofreading functions so that the users can quickly identify and correct errors in the result with minimal effort. We demonstrate the usefulness and efficacy of the system via a case study conducted by a neuroscientist on a real analysis scenario. The result shows that MitoVis allows up to 15x faster analysis with similar accuracy compared to the fully manual analysis method.      
### 19.Spatially varying white balancing for mixed and non-uniform illuminants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01350.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel white balance adjustment, called "spatially varying white balancing," for single, mixed, and non-uniform illuminants. By using n diagonal matrices along with a weight, the proposed method can reduce lighting effects on all spatially varying colors in an image under such illumination conditions. In contrast, conventional white balance adjustments do not consider the correcting of all colors except under a single illuminant. Also, multi-color balance adjustments can map multiple colors into corresponding ground truth colors, although they may cause the rank deficiency problem to occur as a non-diagonal matrix is used, unlike white balancing. In an experiment, the effectiveness of the proposed method is shown under mixed and non-uniform illuminants, compared with conventional white and multi-color balancing. Moreover, under a single illuminant, the proposed method has almost the same performance as the conventional white balancing.      
### 20.Dual-Camera Super-Resolution with Aligned Attention Modules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01349.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach to reference-based super-resolution (RefSR) with the focus on dual-camera super-resolution (DCSR), which utilizes reference images for high-quality and high-fidelity results. Our proposed method generalizes the standard patch-based feature matching with spatial alignment operations. We further explore the dual-camera super-resolution that is one promising application of RefSR, and build a dataset that consists of 146 image pairs from the main and telephoto cameras in a smartphone. To bridge the domain gaps between real-world images and the training images, we propose a self-supervised domain adaptation strategy for real-world images. Extensive experiments on our dataset and a public benchmark demonstrate clear improvement achieved by our method over state of the art in both quantitative evaluation and visual comparisons.      
### 21.Access Control Using Spatially Invariant Permutation of Feature Maps for Semantic Segmentation Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01332.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an access control method that uses the spatially invariant permutation of feature maps with a secret key for protecting semantic segmentation models. Segmentation models are trained and tested by permuting selected feature maps with a secret key. The proposed method allows rightful users with the correct key not only to access a model to full capacity but also to degrade the performance for unauthorized users. Conventional access control methods have focused only on image classification tasks, and these methods have never been applied to semantic segmentation tasks. In an experiment, the protected models were demonstrated to allow rightful users to obtain almost the same performance as that of non-protected models but also to be robust against access by unauthorized users without a key. In addition, a conventional method with block-wise transformations was also verified to have degraded performance under semantic segmentation models.      
### 22.Semantic Segmentation on VSPW Dataset through Aggregation of Transformer Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01316.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is an important task in computer vision, from which some important usage scenarios are derived, such as autonomous driving, scene parsing, etc. Due to the emphasis on the task of video semantic segmentation, we participated in this competition. In this report, we briefly introduce the solutions of team 'BetterThing' for the ICCV2021 - Video Scene Parsing in the Wild Challenge. Transformer is used as the backbone for extracting video frame features, and the final result is the aggregation of the output of two Transformer models, SWIN and VOLO. This solution achieves 57.3% mIoU, which is ranked 3rd place in the Video Scene Parsing in the Wild Challenge.      
### 23.Video Pose Distillation for Few-Shot, Fine-Grained Sports Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01305.pdf)
>  Human pose is a useful feature for fine-grained sports action understanding. However, pose estimators are often unreliable when run on sports video due to domain shift and factors such as motion blur and occlusions. This leads to poor accuracy when downstream tasks, such as action recognition, depend on pose. End-to-end learning circumvents pose, but requires more labels to generalize. <br>We introduce Video Pose Distillation (VPD), a weakly-supervised technique to learn features for new video domains, such as individual sports that challenge pose estimation. Under VPD, a student network learns to extract robust pose features from RGB frames in the sports video, such that, whenever pose is considered reliable, the features match the output of a pretrained teacher pose detector. Our strategy retains the best of both pose and end-to-end worlds, exploiting the rich visual patterns in raw video frames, while learning features that agree with the athletes' pose and motion in the target video domain to avoid over-fitting to patterns unrelated to athletes' motion. <br>VPD features improve performance on few-shot, fine-grained action recognition, retrieval, and detection tasks in four real-world sports video datasets, without requiring additional ground-truth pose annotations.      
### 24.Self-Taught Cross-Domain Few-Shot Learning with Weakly Supervised Object Localization and Task-Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01302.pdf)
>  The domain shift between the source and target domain is the main challenge in Cross-Domain Few-Shot Learning (CD-FSL). However, the target domain is absolutely unknown during the training on the source domain, which results in lacking directed guidance for target tasks. We observe that since there are similar backgrounds in target domains, it can apply self-labeled samples as prior tasks to transfer knowledge onto target tasks. To this end, we propose a task-expansion-decomposition framework for CD-FSL, called Self-Taught (ST) approach, which alleviates the problem of non-target guidance by constructing task-oriented metric spaces. Specifically, Weakly Supervised Object Localization (WSOL) and self-supervised technologies are employed to enrich task-oriented samples by exchanging and rotating the discriminative regions, which generates a more abundant task set. Then these tasks are decomposed into several tasks to finish the task of few-shot recognition and rotation classification. It helps to transfer the source knowledge onto the target tasks and focus on discriminative regions. We conduct extensive experiments under the cross-domain setting including 8 target domains: CUB, Cars, Places, Plantae, CropDieases, EuroSAT, ISIC, and ChestX. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed ST approach is applicable to various metric-based models, and provides promising improvements in CD-FSL.      
### 25.Information Symmetry Matters: A Modal-Alternating Propagation Network for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01295.pdf)
>  Semantic information provides intra-class consistency and inter-class discriminability beyond visual concepts, which has been employed in Few-Shot Learning (FSL) to achieve further gains. However, semantic information is only available for labeled samples but absent for unlabeled samples, in which the embeddings are rectified unilaterally by guiding the few labeled samples with semantics. Therefore, it is inevitable to bring a cross-modal bias between semantic-guided samples and nonsemantic-guided samples, which results in an information asymmetry problem. To address this problem, we propose a Modal-Alternating Propagation Network (MAP-Net) to supplement the absent semantic information of unlabeled samples, which builds information symmetry among all samples in both visual and semantic modalities. Specifically, the MAP-Net transfers the neighbor information by the graph propagation to generate the pseudo-semantics for unlabeled samples guided by the completed visual relationships and rectify the feature embeddings. In addition, due to the large discrepancy between visual and semantic modalities, we design a Relation Guidance (RG) strategy to guide the visual relation vectors via semantics so that the propagated information is more beneficial. Extensive experimental results on three semantic-labeled datasets, i.e., Caltech-UCSD-Birds 200-2011, SUN Attribute Database, and Oxford 102 Flower, have demonstrated that our proposed method achieves promising performance and outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches, which indicates the necessity of information symmetry.      
### 26.CAP-Net: Correspondence-Aware Point-view Fusion Network for 3D Shape Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01291.pdf)
>  Learning 3D representations by fusing point cloud and multi-view data has been proven to be fairly effective. While prior works typically focus on exploiting global features of the two modalities, in this paper we argue that more discriminative features can be derived by modeling "where to fuse". To investigate this, we propose a novel Correspondence-Aware Point-view Fusion Net (CAPNet). The core element of CAP-Net is a module named Correspondence-Aware Fusion (CAF) which integrates the local features of the two modalities based on their correspondence scores. We further propose to filter out correspondence scores with low values to obtain salient local correspondences, which reduces redundancy for the fusion process. In our CAP-Net, we utilize the CAF modules to fuse the multi-scale features of the two modalities both bidirectionally and hierarchically in order to obtain more informative features. Comprehensive evaluations on popular 3D shape benchmarks covering 3D object classification and retrieval show the superiority of the proposed framework.      
### 27.DeepTracks: Geopositioning Maritime Vehicles in Video Acquired from a Moving Platform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01235.pdf)
>  Geopositioning and tracking a moving boat at sea is a very challenging problem, requiring boat detection, matching and estimating its GPS location from imagery with no common features. The problem can be stated as follows: given imagery from a camera mounted on a moving platform with known GPS location as the only valid sensor, we predict the geoposition of a target boat visible in images. Our solution uses recent ML algorithms, the camera-scene geometry and Bayesian filtering. The proposed pipeline first detects and tracks the target boat's location in the image with the strategy of tracking by detection. This image location is then converted to geoposition to the local sea coordinates referenced to the camera GPS location using plane projective geometry. Finally, target boat local coordinates are transformed to global GPS coordinates to estimate the geoposition. To achieve a smooth geotrajectory, we apply unscented Kalman filter (UKF) which implicitly overcomes small detection errors in the early stages of the pipeline. We tested the performance of our approach using GPS ground truth and show the accuracy and speed of the estimated geopositions. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JianliWei1995/AI-Track-at-Sea" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Remote Multilinear Compressive Learning with Adaptive Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01184.pdf)
>  Multilinear Compressive Learning (MCL) is an efficient signal acquisition and learning paradigm for multidimensional signals. The level of signal compression affects the detection or classification performance of a MCL model, with higher compression rates often associated with lower inference accuracy. However, higher compression rates are more amenable to a wider range of applications, especially those that require low operating bandwidth and minimal energy consumption such as Internet-of-Things (IoT) applications. Many communication protocols provide support for adaptive data transmission to maximize the throughput and minimize energy consumption. By developing compressive sensing and learning models that can operate with an adaptive compression rate, we can maximize the informational content throughput of the whole application. In this paper, we propose a novel optimization scheme that enables such a feature for MCL models. Our proposal enables practical implementation of adaptive compressive signal acquisition and inference systems. Experimental results demonstrated that the proposed approach can significantly reduce the amount of computations required during the training phase of remote learning systems but also improve the informational content throughput via adaptive-rate sensing.      
### 29.roadscene2vec: A Tool for Extracting and Embedding Road Scene-Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01183.pdf)
>  Recently, road scene-graph representations used in conjunction with graph learning techniques have been shown to outperform state-of-the-art deep learning techniques in tasks including action classification, risk assessment, and collision prediction. To enable the exploration of applications of road scene-graph representations, we introduce roadscene2vec: an open-source tool for extracting and embedding road scene-graphs. The goal of roadscene2vec is to enable research into the applications and capabilities of road scene-graphs by providing tools for generating scene-graphs, graph learning models to generate spatio-temporal scene-graph embeddings, and tools for visualizing and analyzing scene-graph-based methodologies. The capabilities of roadscene2vec include (i) customized scene-graph generation from either video clips or data from the CARLA simulator, (ii) multiple configurable spatio-temporal graph embedding models and baseline CNN-based models, (iii) built-in functionality for using graph and sequence embeddings for risk assessment and collision prediction applications, (iv) tools for evaluating transfer learning, and (v) utilities for visualizing scene-graphs and analyzing the explainability of graph learning models. We demonstrate the utility of roadscene2vec for these use cases with experimental results and qualitative evaluations for both graph learning models and CNN-based models. roadscene2vec is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AICPS/roadscene2vec" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Optimal Target Shape for LiDAR Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01181.pdf)
>  Targets are essential in problems such as object tracking in cluttered or textureless environments, camera (and multi-sensor) calibration tasks, and simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). Target shapes for these tasks typically are symmetric (square, rectangular, or circular) and work well for structured, dense sensor data such as pixel arrays (i.e., image). However, symmetric shapes lead to pose ambiguity when using sparse sensor data such as LiDAR point clouds and suffer from the quantization uncertainty of the LiDAR. This paper introduces the concept of optimizing target shape to remove pose ambiguity for LiDAR point clouds. A target is designed to induce large gradients at edge points under rotation and translation relative to the LiDAR to ameliorate the quantization uncertainty associated with point cloud sparseness. Moreover, given a target shape, we present a means that leverages the target's geometry to estimate the target's vertices while globally estimating the pose. Both the simulation and the experimental results (verified by a motion capture system) confirm that by using the optimal shape and the global solver, we achieve centimeter error in translation and a few degrees in rotation even when a partially illuminated target is placed 30 meters away. All the implementations and datasets are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/UMich-BipedLab/optimal_shape_global_pose_estimation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Studying the Effects of Self-Attention for Medical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01486.pdf)
>  When the trained physician interprets medical images, they understand the clinical importance of visual features. By applying cognitive attention, they apply greater focus onto clinically relevant regions while disregarding unnecessary features. The use of computer vision to automate the classification of medical images is widely studied. However, the standard convolutional neural network (CNN) does not necessarily employ subconscious feature relevancy evaluation techniques similar to the trained medical specialist and evaluates features more generally. Self-attention mechanisms enable CNNs to focus more on semantically important regions or aggregated relevant context with long-range dependencies. By using attention, medical image analysis systems can potentially become more robust by focusing on more important clinical feature regions. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive comparison of various state-of-the-art self-attention mechanisms across multiple medical image analysis tasks. Through both quantitative and qualitative evaluations along with a clinical user-centric survey study, we aim to provide a deeper understanding of the effects of self-attention in medical computer vision tasks.      
### 32.MitoDet: Simple and robust mitosis detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01485.pdf)
>  Mitotic figure detection is a challenging task in digital pathology that has a direct impact on therapeutic decisions. While automated methods often achieve acceptable results under laboratory conditions, they frequently fail in the clinical deployment phase. This problem can be mainly attributed to a phenomenon called domain shift. An important source of a domain shift is introduced by different microscopes and their camera systems, which noticeably change the color representation of digitized images. In this method description we present our submitted algorithm for the Mitosis Domain Generalization Challenge, which employs a RetinaNet trained with strong data augmentation and achieves an F1 score of 0.7138 on the preliminary test set.      
### 33.Automatic Foot Ulcer segmentation Using an Ensemble of Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01408.pdf)
>  Foot ulcer is a common complication of diabetes mellitus; it is associated with substantial morbidity and mortality and remains a major risk factor for lower leg amputation. Extracting accurate morphological features from the foot wounds is crucial for proper treatment. Although visual and manual inspection by medical professionals is the common approach to extract the features, this method is subjective and error-prone. Computer-mediated approaches are the alternative solutions to segment the lesions and extract related morphological features. Among various proposed computer-based approaches for image segmentation, deep learning-based methods and more specifically convolutional neural networks (CNN) have shown excellent performances for various image segmentation tasks including medical image segmentation. In this work, we proposed an ensemble approach based on two encoder-decoder-based CNN models, namely LinkNet and UNet, to perform foot ulcer segmentation. To deal with limited training samples, we used pre-trained weights (EfficientNetB1 for the LinkNet model and EfficientNetB2 for the UNet model) and further pre-training by the Medetec dataset. We also applied a number of morphological-based and colour-based augmentation techniques to train the models. We integrated five-fold cross-validation, test time augmentation and result fusion in our proposed ensemble approach to boost the segmentation performance. Applied on a publicly available foot ulcer segmentation dataset and the MICCAI 2021 Foot Ulcer Segmentation (FUSeg) Challenge, our method achieved state-of-the-art data-based Dice scores of 92.07% and 88.80%, respectively. Our developed method achieved the first rank in the FUSeg challenge leaderboard. The Dockerised guideline, inference codes and saved trained models are publicly available in the published GitHub repository: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/masih4/Foot_Ulcer_Segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 34.Deep Learning Approach for Hyperspectral Image Demosaicking, Spectral Correction and High-resolution RGB Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01403.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral imaging is one of the most promising techniques for intraoperative tissue characterisation. Snapshot mosaic cameras, which can capture hyperspectral data in a single exposure, have the potential to make a real-time hyperspectral imaging system for surgical decision-making possible. However, optimal exploitation of the captured data requires solving an ill-posed demosaicking problem and applying additional spectral corrections to recover spatial and spectral information of the image. In this work, we propose a deep learning-based image demosaicking algorithm for snapshot hyperspectral images using supervised learning methods. Due to the lack of publicly available medical images acquired with snapshot mosaic cameras, a synthetic image generation approach is proposed to simulate snapshot images from existing medical image datasets captured by high-resolution, but slow, hyperspectral imaging devices. Image reconstruction is achieved using convolutional neural networks for hyperspectral image super-resolution, followed by cross-talk and leakage correction using a sensor-specific calibration matrix. The resulting demosaicked images are evaluated both quantitatively and qualitatively, showing clear improvements in image quality compared to a baseline demosaicking method using linear interpolation. Moreover, the fast processing time of~45\,ms of our algorithm to obtain super-resolved RGB or oxygenation saturation maps per image frame for a state-of-the-art snapshot mosaic camera demonstrates the potential for its seamless integration into real-time surgical hyperspectral imaging applications.      
### 35.CX-ToM: Counterfactual Explanations with Theory-of-Mind for Enhancing Human Trust in Image Recognition Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01401.pdf)
>  We propose CX-ToM, short for counterfactual explanations with theory-of mind, a new explainable AI (XAI) framework for explaining decisions made by a deep convolutional neural network (CNN). In contrast to the current methods in XAI that generate explanations as a single shot response, we pose explanation as an iterative communication process, i.e. dialog, between the machine and human user. More concretely, our CX-ToM framework generates sequence of explanations in a dialog by mediating the differences between the minds of machine and human user. To do this, we use Theory of Mind (ToM) which helps us in explicitly modeling human's intention, machine's mind as inferred by the human as well as human's mind as inferred by the machine. Moreover, most state-of-the-art XAI frameworks provide attention (or heat map) based explanations. In our work, we show that these attention based explanations are not sufficient for increasing human trust in the underlying CNN model. In CX-ToM, we instead use counterfactual explanations called fault-lines which we define as follows: given an input image I for which a CNN classification model M predicts class c_pred, a fault-line identifies the minimal semantic-level features (e.g., stripes on zebra, pointed ears of dog), referred to as explainable concepts, that need to be added to or deleted from I in order to alter the classification category of I by M to another specified class c_alt. We argue that, due to the iterative, conceptual and counterfactual nature of CX-ToM explanations, our framework is practical and more natural for both expert and non-expert users to understand the internal workings of complex deep learning models. Extensive quantitative and qualitative experiments verify our hypotheses, demonstrating that our CX-ToM significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art explainable AI models.      
### 36.Edge-featured Graph Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01356.pdf)
>  Graph neural networks (GNNs) have been successfully applied to learning representation on graphs in many relational tasks. Recently, researchers study neural architecture search (NAS) to reduce the dependence of human expertise and explore better GNN architectures, but they over-emphasize entity features and ignore latent relation information concealed in the edges. To solve this problem, we incorporate edge features into graph search space and propose Edge-featured Graph Neural Architecture Search to find the optimal GNN architecture. Specifically, we design rich entity and edge updating operations to learn high-order representations, which convey more generic message passing mechanisms. Moreover, the architecture topology in our search space allows to explore complex feature dependence of both entities and edges, which can be efficiently optimized by differentiable search strategy. Experiments at three graph tasks on six datasets show EGNAS can search better GNNs with higher performance than current state-of-the-art human-designed and searched-based GNNs.      
### 37.Unsupervised multi-latent space reinforcement learning framework for video summarization in ultrasound imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01309.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the need for a tool to speed up triage in ultrasound scans and provide clinicians with fast access to relevant information. The proposed video-summarization technique is a step in this direction that provides clinicians access to relevant key-frames from a given ultrasound scan (such as lung ultrasound) while reducing resource, storage and bandwidth requirements. We propose a new unsupervised reinforcement learning (RL) framework with novel rewards that facilitates unsupervised learning avoiding tedious and impractical manual labelling for summarizing ultrasound videos to enhance its utility as a triage tool in the emergency department (ED) and for use in telemedicine. Using an attention ensemble of encoders, the high dimensional image is projected into a low dimensional latent space in terms of: a) reduced distance with a normal or abnormal class (classifier encoder), b) following a topology of landmarks (segmentation encoder), and c) the distance or topology agnostic latent representation (convolutional autoencoders). The decoder is implemented using a bi-directional long-short term memory (Bi-LSTM) which utilizes the latent space representation from the encoder. Our new paradigm for video summarization is capable of delivering classification labels and segmentation of key landmarks for each of the summarized keyframes. Validation is performed on lung ultrasound (LUS) dataset, that typically represent potential use cases in telemedicine and ED triage acquired from different medical centers across geographies (India, Spain and Canada).      
### 38.Multi-centred Strong Augmentation via Contrastive Learning for Unsupervised Lesion Detection and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01303.pdf)
>  The scarcity of high quality medical image annotations hinders the implementation of accurate clinical applications for detecting and segmenting abnormal lesions. To mitigate this issue, the scientific community is working on the development of unsupervised anomaly detection (UAD) systems that learn from a training set containing only normal (i.e., healthy) images, where abnormal samples (i.e., unhealthy) are detected and segmented based on how much they deviate from the learned distribution of normal samples. One significant challenge faced by UAD methods is how to learn effective low-dimensional image representations that are sensitive enough to detect and segment abnormal lesions of varying size, appearance and shape. To address this challenge, we propose a novel self-supervised UAD pre-training algorithm, named Multi-centred Strong Augmentation via Contrastive Learning (MSACL). MSACL learns representations by separating several types of strong and weak augmentations of normal image samples, where the weak augmentations represent normal images and strong augmentations denote synthetic abnormal images. To produce such strong augmentations, we introduce MedMix, a novel data augmentation strategy that creates new training images with realistic looking lesions (i.e., anomalies) in normal images. The pre-trained representations from MSACL are generic and can be used to improve the efficacy of different types of off-the-shelf state-of-the-art (SOTA) UAD models. Comprehensive experimental results show that the use of MSACL largely improves these SOTA UAD models on four medical imaging datasets from diverse organs, namely colonoscopy, fundus screening and covid-19 chest-ray datasets.      
### 39.Two Shifts for Crop Mapping: Leveraging Aggregate Crop Statistics to Improve Satellite-based Maps in New Regions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01246.pdf)
>  Crop type mapping at the field level is critical for a variety of applications in agricultural monitoring, and satellite imagery is becoming an increasingly abundant and useful raw input from which to create crop type maps. Still, in many regions crop type mapping with satellite data remains constrained by a scarcity of field-level crop labels for training supervised classification models. When training data is not available in one region, classifiers trained in similar regions can be transferred, but shifts in the distribution of crop types as well as transformations of the features between regions lead to reduced classification accuracy. We present a methodology that uses aggregate-level crop statistics to correct the classifier by accounting for these two types of shifts. To adjust for shifts in the crop type composition we present a scheme for properly reweighting the posterior probabilities of each class that are output by the classifier. To adjust for shifts in features we propose a method to estimate and remove linear shifts in the mean feature vector. We demonstrate that this methodology leads to substantial improvements in overall classification accuracy when using Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) to map crop types in Occitanie, France and in Western Province, Kenya. When using LDA as our base classifier, we found that in France our methodology led to percent reductions in misclassifications ranging from 2.8% to 42.2% (mean = 21.9%) over eleven different training departments, and in Kenya the percent reductions in misclassification were 6.6%, 28.4%, and 42.7% for three training regions. While our methodology was statistically motivated by the LDA classifier, it can be applied to any type of classifier. As an example, we demonstrate its successful application to improve a Random Forest classifier.      
### 40.A Reliable, Self-Adaptive Face Identification Framework via Lyapunov Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.01212.pdf)
>  Realtime face identification (FID) from a video feed is highly computation-intensive, and may exhaust computation resources if performed on a device with a limited amount of resources (e.g., a mobile device). In general, FID performs better when images are sampled at a higher rate, minimizing false negatives. However, performing it at an overwhelmingly high rate exposes the system to the risk of a queue overflow that hampers the system's reliability. This paper proposes a novel, queue-aware FID framework that adapts the sampling rate to maximize the FID performance while avoiding a queue overflow by implementing the Lyapunov optimization. A preliminary evaluation via a trace-based simulation confirms the effectiveness of the framework.      
