# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 2 Sep 2021
### 1.Common Objects in 3D: Large-Scale Learning and Evaluation of Real-life 3D Category Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00512.pdf)
>  Traditional approaches for learning 3D object categories have been predominantly trained and evaluated on synthetic datasets due to the unavailability of real 3D-annotated category-centric data. Our main goal is to facilitate advances in this field by collecting real-world data in a magnitude similar to the existing synthetic counterparts. The principal contribution of this work is thus a large-scale dataset, called Common Objects in 3D, with real multi-view images of object categories annotated with camera poses and ground truth 3D point clouds. The dataset contains a total of 1.5 million frames from nearly 19,000 videos capturing objects from 50 MS-COCO categories and, as such, it is significantly larger than alternatives both in terms of the number of categories and objects. We exploit this new dataset to conduct one of the first large-scale "in-the-wild" evaluations of several new-view-synthesis and category-centric 3D reconstruction methods. Finally, we contribute NerFormer - a novel neural rendering method that leverages the powerful Transformer to reconstruct an object given a small number of its views. The CO3D dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/facebookresearch/co3d" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 2.Towards Learning a Vocabulary of Visual Concepts and Operators using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00479.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have become the default choice for many applications like image and video recognition, segmentation and other image and video related tasks.However, a critical challenge with these models is the lack of explainability.This requirement of generating explainable predictions has motivated the research community to perform various analysis on trained <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://models.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this study, we analyze the learned feature maps of trained models using MNIST images for achieving more explainable predictions.Our study is focused on deriving a set of primitive elements, here called visual concepts, that can be used to generate any arbitrary sample from the data generating distribution.We derive the primitive elements from the feature maps learned by the model.We illustrate the idea by generating visual concepts from a Variational Autoencoder trained using MNIST images.We augment the training data of MNIST dataset by adding about 60,000 new images generated with visual concepts chosen at random.With this we were able to reduce the reconstruction loss (mean square error) from an initial value of 120 without augmentation to 60 with augmentation.Our approach is a first step towards the final goal of achieving trained deep neural network models whose predictions, features in hidden layers and the learned filters can be well explained.Such a model when deployed in production can easily be modified to adapt to new data, whereas existing deep learning models need a re training or fine tuning. This process again needs a huge number of data samples that are not easy to generate unless the model has good explainability.      
### 3.Sparse to Dense Motion Transfer for Face Image Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00471.pdf)
>  Face image animation from a single image has achieved remarkable progress. However, it remains challenging when only sparse landmarks are available as the driving signal. Given a source face image and a sequence of sparse face landmarks, our goal is to generate a video of the face imitating the motion of landmarks. We develop an efficient and effective method for motion transfer from sparse landmarks to the face image. We then combine global and local motion estimation in a unified model to faithfully transfer the motion. The model can learn to segment the moving foreground from the background and generate not only global motion, such as rotation and translation of the face, but also subtle local motion such as the gaze change. We further improve face landmark detection on videos. With temporally better aligned landmark sequences for training, our method can generate temporally coherent videos with higher visual quality. Experiments suggest we achieve results comparable to the state-of-the-art image driven method on the same identity testing and better results on cross identity testing.      
### 4.A Weakly-Supervised Surface Crack Segmentation Method using Localisation with a Classifier and Thresholding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00456.pdf)
>  Surface cracks are a common sight on public infrastructure nowadays. Recent work has been addressing this problem by supporting structural maintenance measures using machine learning methods which segment surface cracks from their background so that they are easy to localize. However, a common issue with those methods is that to create a well functioning algorithm, the training data needs to have detailed annotations of pixels that belong to cracks. Our work proposes a weakly supervised approach which leverages a CNN classifier to create surface crack segmentation maps. We use this classifier to create a rough crack localisation map by using its class activation maps and a patch based classification approach and fuse this with a thresholding based approach to segment the mostly darker crack pixels. The classifier assists in suppressing noise from the background regions, which commonly are incorrectly highlighted as cracks by standard thresholding methods. We focus on the ease of implementation of our method and it is shown to perform well on several surface crack datasets, segmenting cracks efficiently even though the only data that was used for training were simple classification labels.      
### 5.Point Cloud Pre-training by Mixing and Disentangling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00452.pdf)
>  The annotation for large-scale point clouds is still time-consuming and unavailable for many real-world tasks. Point cloud pre-training is one potential solution for obtaining a scalable model for fast adaptation. Therefore, in this paper, we investigate a new self-supervised learning approach, called Mixing and Disentangling (MD), for point cloud pre-training. As the name implies, we explore how to separate the original point cloud from the mixed point cloud, and leverage this challenging task as a pretext optimization objective for model training. Considering the limited training data in the original dataset, which is much less than prevailing ImageNet, the mixing process can efficiently generate more high-quality samples. We build one baseline network to verify our intuition, which simply contains two modules, encoder and decoder. Given a mixed point cloud, the encoder is first pre-trained to extract the semantic embedding. Then an instance-adaptive decoder is harnessed to disentangle the point clouds according to the embedding. Albeit simple, the encoder is inherently able to capture the point cloud keypoints after training and can be fast adapted to downstream tasks including classification and segmentation by the pre-training and fine-tuning paradigm. Extensive experiments on two datasets show that the encoder + ours (MD) significantly surpasses that of the encoder trained from scratch and converges quickly. In ablation studies, we further study the effect of each component and discuss the advantages of the proposed self-supervised learning strategy. We hope this self-supervised learning attempt on point clouds can pave the way for reducing the deeply-learned model dependence on large-scale labeled data and saving a lot of annotation costs in the future.      
### 6.EVReflex: Dense Time-to-Impact Prediction for Event-based Obstacle Avoidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00405.pdf)
>  The broad scope of obstacle avoidance has led to many kinds of computer vision-based approaches. Despite its popularity, it is not a solved problem. Traditional computer vision techniques using cameras and depth sensors often focus on static scenes, or rely on priors about the obstacles. Recent developments in bio-inspired sensors present event cameras as a compelling choice for dynamic scenes. Although these sensors have many advantages over their frame-based counterparts, such as high dynamic range and temporal resolution, event-based perception has largely remained in 2D. This often leads to solutions reliant on heuristics and specific to a particular task. We show that the fusion of events and depth overcomes the failure cases of each individual modality when performing obstacle avoidance. Our proposed approach unifies event camera and lidar streams to estimate metric time-to-impact without prior knowledge of the scene geometry or obstacles. In addition, we release an extensive event-based dataset with six visual streams spanning over 700 scanned scenes.      
### 7.Memory Based Video Scene Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00373.pdf)
>  Video scene parsing is a long-standing challenging task in computer vision, aiming to assign pre-defined semantic labels to pixels of all frames in a given video. Compared with image semantic segmentation, this task pays more attention on studying how to adopt the temporal information to obtain higher predictive accuracy. In this report, we introduce our solution for the 1st Video Scene Parsing in the Wild Challenge, which achieves a mIoU of 57.44 and obtained the 2nd place (our team name is CharlesBLWX).      
### 8.The University of California San Francisco Preoperative Diffuse Glioma (UCSF-PDGM) MRI Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00356.pdf)
>  Here we present the University of California San Francisco Preoperative Diffuse Glioma MRI (UCSF-PDGM) dataset. The UCSF-PDGM dataset includes 500 subjects with histopathologically-proven diffuse gliomas who were imaged with a standardized 3 Tesla preoperative brain tumor MRI protocol featuring predominantly 3D imaging, as well as advanced diffusion and perfusion imaging techniques. The dataset also includes isocitrate dehydrogenase (IDH) mutation status for all cases and O6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase (MGMT) promotor methylation status for World Health Organization (WHO) grade III and IV gliomas. The UCSF-PDGM has been made publicly available in the hopes that researchers around the world will use these data to continue to push the boundaries of AI applications for diffuse gliomas.      
### 9.Memory-Free Generative Replay For Class-Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00328.pdf)
>  Regularization-based methods are beneficial to alleviate the catastrophic forgetting problem in class-incremental learning. With the absence of old task images, they often assume that old knowledge is well preserved if the classifier produces similar output on new images. In this paper, we find that their effectiveness largely depends on the nature of old classes: they work well on classes that are easily distinguishable between each other but may fail on more fine-grained ones, e.g., boy and girl. In spirit, such methods project new data onto the feature space spanned by the weight vectors in the fully connected layer, corresponding to old classes. The resulting projections would be similar on fine-grained old classes, and as a consequence the new classifier will gradually lose the discriminative ability on these classes. To address this issue, we propose a memory-free generative replay strategy to preserve the fine-grained old classes characteristics by generating representative old images directly from the old classifier and combined with new data for new classifier training. To solve the homogenization problem of the generated samples, we also propose a diversity loss that maximizes Kullback Leibler (KL) divergence between generated samples. Our method is best complemented by prior regularization-based methods proved to be effective for easily distinguishable old classes. We validate the above design and insights on CUB-200-2011, Caltech-101, CIFAR-100 and Tiny ImageNet and show that our strategy outperforms existing memory-free methods with a clear margin. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xmengxin/MFGR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 10.Category-Level Metric Scale Object Shape and Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00326.pdf)
>  Advances in deep learning recognition have led to accurate object detection with 2D images. However, these 2D perception methods are insufficient for complete 3D world information. Concurrently, advanced 3D shape estimation approaches focus on the shape itself, without considering metric scale. These methods cannot determine the accurate location and orientation of objects. To tackle this problem, we propose a framework that jointly estimates a metric scale shape and pose from a single RGB image. Our framework has two branches: the Metric Scale Object Shape branch (MSOS) and the Normalized Object Coordinate Space branch (NOCS). The MSOS branch estimates the metric scale shape observed in the camera coordinates. The NOCS branch predicts the normalized object coordinate space (NOCS) map and performs similarity transformation with the rendered depth map from a predicted metric scale mesh to obtain 6d pose and size. Additionally, we introduce the Normalized Object Center Estimation (NOCE) to estimate the geometrically aligned distance from the camera to the object center. We validated our method on both synthetic and real-world datasets to evaluate category-level object pose and shape.      
### 11.BVMatch: Lidar-based Place Recognition Using Bird's-eye View Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00317.pdf)
>  Recognizing places using Lidar in large-scale environments is challenging due to the sparse nature of point cloud data. In this paper we present BVMatch, a Lidar-based frame-to-frame place recognition framework, that is capable of estimating 2D relative poses. Based on the assumption that the ground area can be approximated as a plane, we uniformly discretize the ground area into grids and project 3D Lidar scans to bird's-eye view (BV) images. We further use a bank of Log-Gabor filters to build a maximum index map (MIM) that encodes the orientation information of the structures in the images. We analyze the orientation characteristics of MIM theoretically and introduce a novel descriptor called bird's-eye view feature transform (BVFT). The proposed BVFT is insensitive to rotation and intensity variations of BV images. Leveraging the BVFT descriptors, we unify the Lidar place recognition and pose estimation tasks into the BVMatch framework. The experiments conducted on three large-scale datasets show that BVMatch outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both recall rate of place recognition and pose estimation accuracy.      
### 12.Seeing Implicit Neural Representations as Fourier Series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00249.pdf)
>  Implicit Neural Representations (INR) use multilayer perceptrons to represent high-frequency functions in low-dimensional problem domains. Recently these representations achieved state-of-the-art results on tasks related to complex 3D objects and scenes. A core problem is the representation of highly detailed signals, which is tackled using networks with periodic activation functions (SIRENs) or applying Fourier mappings to the input. This work analyzes the connection between the two methods and shows that a Fourier mapped perceptron is structurally like one hidden layer SIREN. Furthermore, we identify the relationship between the previously proposed Fourier mapping and the general d-dimensional Fourier series, leading to an integer lattice mapping. Moreover, we modify a progressive training strategy to work on arbitrary Fourier mappings and show that it improves the generalization of the interpolation task. Lastly, we compare the different mappings on the image regression and novel view synthesis tasks. We confirm the previous finding that the main contributor to the mapping performance is the size of the embedding and standard deviation of its elements.      
### 13.Joint Graph Learning and Matching for Semantic Feature Correspondence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00240.pdf)
>  In recent years, powered by the learned discriminative representation via graph neural network (GNN) models, deep graph matching methods have made great progresses in the task of matching semantic features. However, these methods usually rely on heuristically generated graph patterns, which may introduce unreliable relationships to hurt the matching performance. In this paper, we propose a joint \emph{graph learning and matching} network, named GLAM, to explore reliable graph structures for boosting graph matching. GLAM adopts a pure attention-based framework for both graph learning and graph matching. Specifically, it employs two types of attention mechanisms, self-attention and cross-attention for the task. The self-attention discovers the relationships between features and to further update feature representations over the learnt structures; and the cross-attention computes cross-graph correlations between the two feature sets to be matched for feature reconstruction. Moreover, the final matching solution is directly derived from the output of the cross-attention layer, without employing a specific matching decision module. The proposed method is evaluated on three popular visual matching benchmarks (Pascal VOC, Willow Object and SPair-71k), and it outperforms previous state-of-the-art graph matching methods by significant margins on all benchmarks. Furthermore, the graph patterns learnt by our model are validated to be able to remarkably enhance previous deep graph matching methods by replacing their handcrafted graph structures with the learnt ones.      
### 14.A Protection Method of Trained CNN Model Using Feature Maps Transformed With Secret Key From Unauthorized Access  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00224.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a model protection method for convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with a secret key so that authorized users get a high classification accuracy, and unauthorized users get a low classification accuracy. The proposed method applies a block-wise transformation with a secret key to feature maps in the network. Conventional key-based model protection methods cannot maintain a high accuracy when a large key space is selected. In contrast, the proposed method not only maintains almost the same accuracy as non-protected accuracy, but also has a larger key space. Experiments were carried out on the CIFAR-10 dataset, and results show that the proposed model protection method outperformed the previous key-based model protection methods in terms of classification accuracy, key space, and robustness against key estimation attacks and fine-tuning attacks.      
### 15.Spatio-Temporal Perturbations for Video Attribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00222.pdf)
>  The attribution method provides a direction for interpreting opaque neural networks in a visual way by identifying and visualizing the input regions/pixels that dominate the output of a network. Regarding the attribution method for visually explaining video understanding networks, it is challenging because of the unique spatiotemporal dependencies existing in video inputs and the special 3D convolutional or recurrent structures of video understanding networks. However, most existing attribution methods focus on explaining networks taking a single image as input and a few works specifically devised for video attribution come short of dealing with diversified structures of video understanding networks. In this paper, we investigate a generic perturbation-based attribution method that is compatible with diversified video understanding networks. Besides, we propose a novel regularization term to enhance the method by constraining the smoothness of its attribution results in both spatial and temporal dimensions. In order to assess the effectiveness of different video attribution methods without relying on manual judgement, we introduce reliable objective metrics which are checked by a newly proposed reliability measurement. We verified the effectiveness of our method by both subjective and objective evaluation and comparison with multiple significant attribution methods.      
### 16.Diverse Sample Generation: Pushing the Limit of Data-free Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00212.pdf)
>  Recently, generative data-free quantization emerges as a practical approach that compresses the neural network to low bit-width without access to real data. It generates data to quantize the network by utilizing the batch normalization (BN) statistics of its full-precision counterpart. However, our study shows that in practice, the synthetic data completely constrained by BN statistics suffers severe homogenization at distribution and sample level, which causes serious accuracy degradation of the quantized network. This paper presents a generic Diverse Sample Generation (DSG) scheme for the generative data-free post-training quantization and quantization-aware training, to mitigate the detrimental homogenization. In our DSG, we first slack the statistics alignment for features in the BN layer to relax the distribution constraint. Then we strengthen the loss impact of the specific BN layer for different samples and inhibit the correlation among samples in the generation process, to diversify samples from the statistical and spatial perspective, respectively. Extensive experiments show that for large-scale image classification tasks, our DSG can consistently outperform existing data-free quantization methods on various neural architectures, especially under ultra-low bit-width (e.g., 22% gain under W4A4 setting). Moreover, data diversifying caused by our DSG brings a general gain in various quantization methods, demonstrating diversity is an important property of high-quality synthetic data for data-free quantization.      
### 17.Efficient Person Search: An Anchor-Free Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00211.pdf)
>  Person search aims to simultaneously localize and identify a query person from realistic, uncropped images. To achieve this goal, state-of-the-art models typically add a re-id branch upon two-stage detectors like Faster R-CNN. Owing to the ROI-Align operation, this pipeline yields promising accuracy as re-id features are explicitly aligned with the corresponding object regions, but in the meantime, it introduces high computational overhead due to dense object anchors. In this work, we present an anchor-free approach to efficiently tackling this challenging task, by introducing the following dedicated designs. First, we select an anchor-free detector (i.e., FCOS) as the prototype of our framework. Due to the lack of dense object anchors, it exhibits significantly higher efficiency compared with existing person search models. Second, when directly accommodating this anchor-free detector for person search, there exist several major challenges in learning robust re-id features, which we summarize as the misalignment issues in different levels (i.e., scale, region, and task). To address these issues, we propose an aligned feature aggregation module to generate more discriminative and robust feature embeddings. Accordingly, we name our model as Feature-Aligned Person Search Network (AlignPS). Third, by investigating the advantages of both anchor-based and anchor-free models, we further augment AlignPS with an ROI-Align head, which significantly improves the robustness of re-id features while still keeping our model highly efficient. Extensive experiments conducted on two challenging benchmarks (i.e., CUHK-SYSU and PRW) demonstrate that our framework achieves state-of-the-art or competitive performance, while displaying higher efficiency. All the source codes, data, and trained models are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/daodaofr/alignps" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.EventPoint: Self-Supervised Local Descriptor Learning for Event Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00210.pdf)
>  We proposes a method of extracting intrest points and descriptors using self-supervised learning method on frame-based event data, which is called EventPoint. Different from other feature extraction methods on event data, we train our model on real event-form driving dataset--DSEC with the self-supervised learning method we proposed, the training progress fully consider the characteristics of event <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://data.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> verify the effectiveness of our work,we conducted several complete evaluations: we emulated DART and carried out feature matching experiments on N-caltech101 dataset, the results shows that the effect of EventPoint is better than DART; We use Vid2e tool provided by UZH to convert Oxford robotcar data into event-based format, and combined with INS information provided to carry out the global pose estimation experiment which is important in SLAM. As far as we know, this is the first work to carry out this challenging task.Sufficient experimental data show that EventPoint can get better results while achieve real time on CPU.      
### 19.You Only Hypothesize Once: Point Cloud Registration with Rotation-equivariant Descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00182.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel local descriptor-based framework, called You Only Hypothesize Once (YOHO), for the registration of two unaligned point clouds. In contrast to most existing local descriptors which rely on a fragile local reference frame to gain rotation invariance, the proposed descriptor achieves the rotation invariance by recent technologies of group equivariant feature learning, which brings more robustness to point density and noise. Meanwhile, the descriptor in YOHO also has a rotation equivariant part, which enables us to estimate the registration from just one correspondence hypothesis. Such property reduces the searching space for feasible transformations, thus greatly improves both the accuracy and the efficiency of YOHO. Extensive experiments show that YOHO achieves superior performances with much fewer needed RANSAC iterations on four widely-used datasets, the 3DMatch/3DLoMatch datasets, the ETH dataset and the WHU-TLS dataset. More details are shown in our project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://hpwang-whu.github.io/YOHO/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Perceptually Optimized Deep High-Dynamic-Range Image Tone Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00180.pdf)
>  We describe a deep high-dynamic-range (HDR) image tone mapping operator that is computationally efficient and perceptually optimized. We first decompose an HDR image into a normalized Laplacian pyramid, and use two deep neural networks (DNNs) to estimate the Laplacian pyramid of the desired tone-mapped image from the normalized representation. We then end-to-end optimize the entire method over a database of HDR images by minimizing the normalized Laplacian pyramid distance (NLPD), a recently proposed perceptual metric. Qualitative and quantitative experiments demonstrate that our method produces images with better visual quality, and runs the fastest among existing local tone mapping algorithms.      
### 21.Spatio-temporal Self-Supervised Representation Learning for 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00179.pdf)
>  To date, various 3D scene understanding tasks still lack practical and generalizable pre-trained models, primarily due to the intricate nature of 3D scene understanding tasks and their immense variations introduced by camera views, lighting, occlusions, etc. In this paper, we tackle this challenge by introducing a spatio-temporal representation learning (STRL) framework, capable of learning from unlabeled 3D point clouds in a self-supervised fashion. Inspired by how infants learn from visual data in the wild, we explore the rich spatio-temporal cues derived from the 3D data. Specifically, STRL takes two temporally-correlated frames from a 3D point cloud sequence as the input, transforms it with the spatial data augmentation, and learns the invariant representation self-supervisedly. To corroborate the efficacy of STRL, we conduct extensive experiments on three types (synthetic, indoor, and outdoor) of datasets. Experimental results demonstrate that, compared with supervised learning methods, the learned self-supervised representation facilitates various models to attain comparable or even better performances while capable of generalizing pre-trained models to downstream tasks, including 3D shape classification, 3D object detection, and 3D semantic segmentation. Moreover, the spatio-temporal contextual cues embedded in 3D point clouds significantly improve the learned representations.      
### 22.Architecture Aware Latency Constrained Sparse Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00170.pdf)
>  Acceleration of deep neural networks to meet a specific latency constraint is essential for their deployment on mobile devices. In this paper, we design an architecture aware latency constrained sparse (ALCS) framework to prune and accelerate CNN models. Taking modern mobile computation architectures into consideration, we propose Single Instruction Multiple Data (SIMD)-structured pruning, along with a novel sparse convolution algorithm for efficient computation. Besides, we propose to estimate the run time of sparse models with piece-wise linear interpolation. The whole latency constrained pruning task is formulated as a constrained optimization problem that can be efficiently solved with Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM). Extensive experiments show that our system-algorithm co-design framework can achieve much better Pareto frontier among network accuracy and latency on resource-constrained mobile devices.      
### 23.Eyes Tell All: Irregular Pupil Shapes Reveal GAN-generated Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00162.pdf)
>  Generative adversary network (GAN) generated high-realistic human faces have been used as profile images for fake social media accounts and are visually challenging to discern from real ones. In this work, we show that GAN-generated faces can be exposed via irregular pupil shapes. This phenomenon is caused by the lack of physiological constraints in the GAN models. We demonstrate that such artifacts exist widely in high-quality GAN-generated faces and further describe an automatic method to extract the pupils from two eyes and analysis their shapes for exposing the GAN-generated faces. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations of our method suggest its simplicity and effectiveness in distinguishing GAN-generated faces.      
### 24.DPA: Learning Robust Physical Adversarial Camouflages for Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00124.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks are feasible in the real world for object detection. However, most of the previous works have tried to learn "patches" applied to an object to fool detectors, which become less effective or even ineffective in squint view angles. To address this issue, we propose the Dense Proposals Attack (DPA) to learn robust, physical and targeted adversarial camouflages for detectors. The camouflages are robust because they remain adversarial when filmed under arbitrary viewpoint and different illumination conditions, physical because they function well both in the 3D virtual scene and the real world, and targeted because they can cause detectors to misidentify an object as a specific target class. In order to make the generated camouflages robust in the physical world, we introduce a combination of viewpoint shifts, lighting and other natural transformations to model the physical phenomena. In addition, to improve the attacks, DPA substantially attacks all the classifications in the fixed region proposals. Moreover, we build a virtual 3D scene using the Unity simulation engine to fairly and reproducibly evaluate different physical attacks. Extensive experiments demonstrate that DPA outperforms the state-of-the-art methods significantly, and generalizes well to the real world, posing a potential threat to the security-critical computer vision systems.      
### 25.Contrastive Multiview Coding with Electro-optics for SAR Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00120.pdf)
>  In the training of deep learning models, how the model parameters are initialized greatly affects the model performance, sample efficiency, and convergence speed. Representation learning for model initialization has recently been actively studied in the remote sensing field. In particular, the appearance characteristics of the imagery obtained using the a synthetic aperture radar (SAR) sensor are quite different from those of general electro-optical (EO) images, and thus representation learning is even more important in remote sensing domain. Motivated from contrastive multiview coding, we propose multi-modal representation learning for SAR semantic segmentation. Unlike previous studies, our method jointly uses EO imagery, SAR imagery, and a label mask. Several experiments show that our approach is superior to the existing methods in model performance, sample efficiency, and convergence speed.      
### 26.CPFN: Cascaded Primitive Fitting Networks for High-Resolution Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00113.pdf)
>  Representing human-made objects as a collection of base primitives has a long history in computer vision and reverse engineering. In the case of high-resolution point cloud scans, the challenge is to be able to detect both large primitives as well as those explaining the detailed parts. While the classical RANSAC approach requires case-specific parameter tuning, state-of-the-art networks are limited by memory consumption of their backbone modules such as PointNet++, and hence fail to detect the fine-scale primitives. We present Cascaded Primitive Fitting Networks (CPFN) that relies on an adaptive patch sampling network to assemble detection results of global and local primitive detection networks. As a key enabler, we present a merging formulation that dynamically aggregates the primitives across global and local scales. Our evaluation demonstrates that CPFN improves the state-of-the-art SPFN performance by 13-14% on high-resolution point cloud datasets and specifically improves the detection of fine-scale primitives by 20-22%.      
### 27.Two-step Domain Adaptation for Mitosis Cell Detection in Histopathology Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00109.pdf)
>  We propose a two-step domain shift-invariant mitosis cell detection method based on Faster RCNN and a convolutional neural network (CNN). We generate various domain-shifted versions of existing histopathology images using a stain augmentation technique, enabling our method to effectively learn various stain domains and achieve better generalization. The performance of our method is evaluated on the preliminary test data set of the MIDOG-2021 challenge. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed mitosis detection method can achieve promising performance for domain-shifted histopathology images.      
### 28.DensePose 3D: Lifting Canonical Surface Maps of Articulated Objects to the Third Dimension  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00033.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of monocular 3D reconstruction of articulated objects like humans and animals. We contribute DensePose 3D, a method that can learn such reconstructions in a weakly supervised fashion from 2D image annotations only. This is in stark contrast with previous deformable reconstruction methods that use parametric models such as SMPL pre-trained on a large dataset of 3D object scans. Because it does not require 3D scans, DensePose 3D can be used for learning a wide range of articulated categories such as different animal species. The method learns, in an end-to-end fashion, a soft partition of a given category-specific 3D template mesh into rigid parts together with a monocular reconstruction network that predicts the part motions such that they reproject correctly onto 2D DensePose-like surface annotations of the object. The decomposition of the object into parts is regularized by expressing part assignments as a combination of the smooth eigenfunctions of the Laplace-Beltrami operator. We show significant improvements compared to state-of-the-art non-rigid structure-from-motion baselines on both synthetic and real data on categories of humans and animals.      
### 29.Looking at the whole picture: constrained unsupervised anomaly segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00482.pdf)
>  Current unsupervised anomaly localization approaches rely on generative models to learn the distribution of normal images, which is later used to identify potential anomalous regions derived from errors on the reconstructed images. However, a main limitation of nearly all prior literature is the need of employing anomalous images to set a class-specific threshold to locate the anomalies. This limits their usability in realistic scenarios, where only normal data is typically accessible. Despite this major drawback, only a handful of works have addressed this limitation, by integrating supervision on attention maps during training. In this work, we propose a novel formulation that does not require accessing images with abnormalities to define the threshold. Furthermore, and in contrast to very recent work, the proposed constraint is formulated in a more principled manner, leveraging well-known knowledge in constrained optimization. In particular, the equality constraint on the attention maps in prior work is replaced by an inequality constraint, which allows more flexibility. In addition, to address the limitations of penalty-based functions we employ an extension of the popular log-barrier methods to handle the constraint. Comprehensive experiments on the popular BRATS'19 dataset demonstrate that the proposed approach substantially outperforms relevant literature, establishing new state-of-the-art results for unsupervised lesion segmentation.      
### 30.An Integrated Framework for the Heterogeneous Spatio-Spectral-Temporal Fusion of Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00400.pdf)
>  Image fusion technology is widely used to fuse the complementary information between multi-source remote sensing images. Inspired by the frontier of deep learning, this paper first proposes a heterogeneous-integrated framework based on a novel deep residual cycle GAN. The proposed network consists of a forward fusion part and a backward degeneration feedback part. The forward part generates the desired fusion result from the various observations; the backward degeneration feedback part considers the imaging degradation process and regenerates the observations inversely from the fusion result. The proposed network can effectively fuse not only the homogeneous but also the heterogeneous information. In addition, for the first time, a heterogeneous-integrated fusion framework is proposed to simultaneously merge the complementary heterogeneous spatial, spectral and temporal information of multi-source heterogeneous observations. The proposed heterogeneous-integrated framework also provides a uniform mode that can complete various fusion tasks, including heterogeneous spatio-spectral fusion, spatio-temporal fusion, and heterogeneous spatio-spectral-temporal fusion. Experiments are conducted for two challenging scenarios of land cover changes and thick cloud coverage. Images from many remote sensing satellites, including MODIS, Landsat-8, Sentinel-1, and Sentinel-2, are utilized in the experiments. Both qualitative and quantitative evaluations confirm the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 31.ImageTBAD: A 3D Computed Tomography Angiography Image Dataset for Automatic Segmentation of Type-B Aortic Dissection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00374.pdf)
>  Type-B Aortic Dissection (TBAD) is one of the most serious cardiovascular events characterized by a growing yearly incidence,and the severity of disease prognosis. Currently, computed tomography angiography (CTA) has been widely adopted for the diagnosis and prognosis of TBAD. Accurate segmentation of true lumen (TL), false lumen (FL), and false lumen thrombus (FLT) in CTA are crucial for the precise quantification of anatomical features. However, existing works only focus on only TL and FL without considering FLT. In this paper, we propose ImageTBAD, the first 3D computed tomography angiography (CTA) image dataset of TBAD with annotation of TL, FL, and FLT. The proposed dataset contains 100 TBAD CTA images, which is of decent size compared with existing medical imaging datasets. As FLT can appear almost anywhere along the aorta with irregular shapes, segmentation of FLT presents a wide class of segmentation problems where targets exist in a variety of positions with irregular shapes. We further propose a baseline method for automatic segmentation of TBAD. Results show that the baseline method can achieve comparable results with existing works on aorta and TL segmentation. However, the segmentation accuracy of FLT is only 52%, which leaves large room for improvement and also shows the challenge of our dataset. To facilitate further research on this challenging problem, our dataset and codes are released to the public.      
### 32.A survey on IQA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00347.pdf)
>  Image quality assessment(IQA) is of increasing importance for image-based applications. Its purpose is to establish a model that can replace humans for accurately evaluating image quality. According to whether the reference image is complete and available, image quality evaluation can be divided into three categories: full-reference(FR), reduced-reference(RR), and non-reference(NR) image quality assessment. Due to the vigorous development of deep learning and the widespread attention of researchers, several non-reference image quality assessment methods based on deep learning have been proposed in recent years, and some have exceeded the performance of reduced -reference or even full-reference image quality assessment models. This article will review the concepts and metrics of image quality assessment and also video quality assessment, briefly introduce some methods of full-reference and semi-reference image quality assessment, and focus on the non-reference image quality assessment methods based on deep learning. Then introduce the commonly used synthetic database and real-world database. Finally, summarize and present challenges.      
### 33.An Empirical Study on the Joint Impact of Feature Selection and Data Resampling on Imbalance Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00201.pdf)
>  Real-world datasets often present different degrees of imbalanced (i.e., long-tailed or skewed) distributions. While the majority (a.k.a., head or frequent) classes have sufficient samples, the minority (a.k.a., tail or rare) classes can be under-represented by a rather limited number of samples. On one hand, data resampling is a common approach to tackling class imbalance. On the other hand, dimension reduction, which reduces the feature space, is a conventional machine learning technique for building stronger classification models on a dataset. However, the possible synergy between feature selection and data resampling for high-performance imbalance classification has rarely been investigated before. To address this issue, this paper carries out a comprehensive empirical study on the joint influence of feature selection and resampling on two-class imbalance classification. Specifically, we study the performance of two opposite pipelines for imbalance classification, i.e., applying feature selection before or after data resampling. We conduct a large amount of experiments (a total of 9225 experiments) on 52 publicly available datasets, using 9 feature selection methods, 6 resampling approaches for class imbalance learning, and 3 well-known classification algorithms. Experimental results show that there is no constant winner between the two pipelines, thus both of them should be considered to derive the best performing model for imbalance classification. We also find that the performance of an imbalance classification model depends on the classifier adopted, the ratio between the number of majority and minority samples (IR), as well as on the ratio between the number of samples and features (SFR). Overall, this study should provide new reference value for researchers and practitioners in imbalance learning.      
### 34.Problem Learning: Towards the Free Will of Machines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00177.pdf)
>  A machine intelligence pipeline usually consists of six components: problem, representation, model, loss, optimizer and metric. Researchers have worked hard trying to automate many components of the pipeline. However, one key component of the pipeline--problem definition--is still left mostly unexplored in terms of automation. Usually, it requires extensive efforts from domain experts to identify, define and formulate important problems in an area. However, automatically discovering research or application problems for an area is beneficial since it helps to identify valid and potentially important problems hidden in data that are unknown to domain experts, expand the scope of tasks that we can do in an area, and even inspire completely new findings. <br>This paper describes Problem Learning, which aims at learning to discover and define valid and ethical problems from data or from the machine's interaction with the environment. We formalize problem learning as the identification of valid and ethical problems in a problem space and introduce several possible approaches to problem learning. In a broader sense, problem learning is an approach towards the free will of intelligent machines. Currently, machines are still limited to solving the problems defined by humans, without the ability or flexibility to freely explore various possible problems that are even unknown to humans. Though many machine learning techniques have been developed and integrated into intelligent systems, they still focus on the means rather than the purpose in that machines are still solving human defined problems. However, proposing good problems is sometimes even more important than solving problems, because a good problem can help to inspire new ideas and gain deeper understandings. The paper also discusses the ethical implications of problem learning under the background of Responsible AI.      
### 35.Implicit Behavioral Cloning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00137.pdf)
>  We find that across a wide range of robot policy learning scenarios, treating supervised policy learning with an implicit model generally performs better, on average, than commonly used explicit models. We present extensive experiments on this finding, and we provide both intuitive insight and theoretical arguments distinguishing the properties of implicit models compared to their explicit counterparts, particularly with respect to approximating complex, potentially discontinuous and multi-valued (set-valued) functions. On robotic policy learning tasks we show that implicit behavioral cloning policies with energy-based models (EBM) often outperform common explicit (Mean Square Error, or Mixture Density) behavioral cloning policies, including on tasks with high-dimensional action spaces and visual image inputs. We find these policies provide competitive results or outperform state-of-the-art offline reinforcement learning methods on the challenging human-expert tasks from the D4RL benchmark suite, despite using no reward information. In the real world, robots with implicit policies can learn complex and remarkably subtle behaviors on contact-rich tasks from human demonstrations, including tasks with high combinatorial complexity and tasks requiring 1mm precision.      
### 36.Uncertainty Quantified Deep Learning for Predicting Dice Coefficient of Digital Histopathology Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00115.pdf)
>  Deep learning models (DLMs) can achieve state of the art performance in medical image segmentation and classification tasks. However, DLMs that do not provide feedback for their predictions such as Dice coefficients (Dice) have limited deployment potential in real world clinical settings. Uncertainty estimates can increase the trust of these automated systems by identifying predictions that need further review but remain computationally prohibitive to deploy. In this study, we use a DLM with randomly initialized weights and Monte Carlo dropout (MCD) to segment tumors from microscopic Hematoxylin and Eosin (H&amp;E) dye stained prostate core biopsy RGB images. We devise a novel approach that uses multiple clinical region based uncertainties from a single image (instead of the entire image) to predict Dice of the DLM model output by linear models. Image level uncertainty maps were generated and showed correspondence between imperfect model segmentation and high levels of uncertainty associated with specific prostate tissue regions with or without tumors. Results from this study suggest that linear models can learn coefficients of uncertainty quantified deep learning and correlations ((Spearman's correlation (p&lt;0.05)) to predict Dice scores of specific regions of medical images.      
### 37.Bio-inspired robot perception coupled with robot-modeled human perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00097.pdf)
>  My overarching research goal is to provide robots with perceptional abilities that allow interactions with humans in a human-like manner. To develop these perceptional abilities, I believe that it is useful to study the principles of the human visual system. I use these principles to develop new computer vision algorithms and validate their effectiveness in intelligent robotic systems. I am enthusiastic about this approach as it offers the dual benefit of uncovering principles inherent in the human visual system, as well as applying these principles to its artificial counterpart. Fig. 1 contains a depiction of my research.      
### 38.Working Memory Connections for LSTM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.00020.pdf)
>  Recurrent Neural Networks with Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) make use of gating mechanisms to mitigate exploding and vanishing gradients when learning long-term dependencies. For this reason, LSTMs and other gated RNNs are widely adopted, being the standard de facto for many sequence modeling tasks. Although the memory cell inside the LSTM contains essential information, it is not allowed to influence the gating mechanism directly. In this work, we improve the gate potential by including information coming from the internal cell state. The proposed modification, named Working Memory Connection, consists in adding a learnable nonlinear projection of the cell content into the network gates. This modification can fit into the classical LSTM gates without any assumption on the underlying task, being particularly effective when dealing with longer sequences. Previous research effort in this direction, which goes back to the early 2000s, could not bring a consistent improvement over vanilla LSTM. As part of this paper, we identify a key issue tied to previous connections that heavily limits their effectiveness, hence preventing a successful integration of the knowledge coming from the internal cell state. We show through extensive experimental evaluation that Working Memory Connections constantly improve the performance of LSTMs on a variety of tasks. Numerical results suggest that the cell state contains useful information that is worth including in the gate structure.      
