# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 27 Sep 2021
### 1.ZSD-YOLO: Zero-Shot YOLO Detection using Vision-Language KnowledgeDistillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12066.pdf)
>  Real-world object sampling produces long-tailed distributions requiring exponentially more images for rare types. Zero-shot detection, which aims to detect unseen objects, is one direction to address this problem. A dataset such as COCO is extensively annotated across many images but with a sparse number of categories and annotating all object classes across a diverse domain is expensive and challenging. To advance zero-shot detection, we develop a Vision-Language distillation method that aligns both image and text embeddings from a zero-shot pre-trained model such as CLIP to a modified semantic prediction head from a one-stage detector like YOLOv5. With this method, we are able to train an object detector that achieves state-of-the-art accuracy on the COCO zero-shot detection splits with fewer model parameters. During inference, our model can be adapted to detect any number of object classes without additional training. We also find that the improvements provided by the scaling of our method are consistent across various YOLOv5 scales. Furthermore, we develop a self-training method that provides a significant score improvement without needing extra images nor labels.      
### 2.DeepStroke: An Efficient Stroke Screening Framework for Emergency Rooms with Multimodal Adversarial Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12065.pdf)
>  In an emergency room (ER) setting, the diagnosis of stroke is a common challenge. Due to excessive execution time and cost, an MRI scan is usually not available in the ER. Clinical tests are commonly referred to in stroke screening, but neurologists may not be immediately available. We propose a novel multimodal deep learning framework, DeepStroke, to achieve computer-aided stroke presence assessment by recognizing the patterns of facial motion incoordination and speech inability for patients with suspicion of stroke in an acute setting. Our proposed DeepStroke takes video data for local facial paralysis detection and audio data for global speech disorder analysis. It further leverages a multi-modal lateral fusion to combine the low- and high-level features and provides mutual regularization for joint training. A novel adversarial training loss is also introduced to obtain identity-independent and stroke-discriminative features. Experiments on our video-audio dataset with actual ER patients show that the proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-art models and achieves better performance than ER doctors, attaining a 6.60% higher sensitivity and maintaining 4.62% higher accuracy when specificity is aligned. Meanwhile, each assessment can be completed in less than 6 minutes, demonstrating the framework's great potential for clinical implementation.      
### 3.From images in the wild to video-informed image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12040.pdf)
>  Image classifiers work effectively when applied on structured images, yet they often fail when applied on images with very high visual complexity. This paper describes experiments applying state-of-the-art object classifiers toward a unique set of images in the wild with high visual complexity collected on the island of Bali. The text describes differences between actual images in the wild and images from Imagenet, and then discusses a novel approach combining informational cues particular to video with an ensemble of imperfect classifiers in order to improve classification results on video sourced images of plants in the wild.      
### 4.Visual Scene Graphs for Audio Source Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11955.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art approaches for visually-guided audio source separation typically assume sources that have characteristic sounds, such as musical instruments. These approaches often ignore the visual context of these sound sources or avoid modeling object interactions that may be useful to better characterize the sources, especially when the same object class may produce varied sounds from distinct interactions. To address this challenging problem, we propose Audio Visual Scene Graph Segmenter (AVSGS), a novel deep learning model that embeds the visual structure of the scene as a graph and segments this graph into subgraphs, each subgraph being associated with a unique sound obtained by co-segmenting the audio spectrogram. At its core, AVSGS uses a recursive neural network that emits mutually-orthogonal sub-graph embeddings of the visual graph using multi-head attention. These embeddings are used for conditioning an audio encoder-decoder towards source separation. Our pipeline is trained end-to-end via a self-supervised task consisting of separating audio sources using the visual graph from artificially mixed sounds. In this paper, we also introduce an "in the wild'' video dataset for sound source separation that contains multiple non-musical sources, which we call Audio Separation in the Wild (ASIW). This dataset is adapted from the AudioCaps dataset, and provides a challenging, natural, and daily-life setting for source separation. Thorough experiments on the proposed ASIW and the standard MUSIC datasets demonstrate state-of-the-art sound separation performance of our method against recent prior approaches.      
### 5.Two-Stage Mesh Deep Learning for Automated Tooth Segmentation and Landmark Localization on 3D Intraoral Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11941.pdf)
>  Accurately segmenting teeth and identifying the corresponding anatomical landmarks on dental mesh models are essential in computer-aided orthodontic treatment. Manually performing these two tasks is time-consuming, tedious, and, more importantly, highly dependent on orthodontists' experiences due to the abnormality and large-scale variance of patients' teeth. Some machine learning-based methods have been designed and applied in the orthodontic field to automatically segment dental meshes (e.g., intraoral scans). In contrast, the number of studies on tooth landmark localization is still limited. This paper proposes a two-stage framework based on mesh deep learning (called TS-MDL) for joint tooth labeling and landmark identification on raw intraoral scans. Our TS-MDL first adopts an end-to-end \emph{i}MeshSegNet method (i.e., a variant of the existing MeshSegNet with both improved accuracy and efficiency) to label each tooth on the downsampled scan. Guided by the segmentation outputs, our TS-MDL further selects each tooth's region of interest (ROI) on the original mesh to construct a light-weight variant of the pioneering PointNet (i.e., PointNet-Reg) for regressing the corresponding landmark heatmaps. Our TS-MDL was evaluated on a real-clinical dataset, showing promising segmentation and localization performance. Specifically, \emph{i}MeshSegNet in the first stage of TS-MDL reached an averaged Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) at $0.953\pm0.076$, significantly outperforming the original MeshSegNet. In the second stage, PointNet-Reg achieved a mean absolute error (MAE) of $0.623\pm0.718 \, mm$ in distances between the prediction and ground truth for $44$ landmarks, which is superior compared with other networks for landmark detection. All these results suggest the potential usage of our TS-MDL in clinical practices.      
### 6.RSDet++: Point-based Modulated Loss for More Accurate Rotated Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11906.pdf)
>  We classify the discontinuity of loss in both five-param and eight-param rotated object detection methods as rotation sensitivity error (RSE) which will result in performance degeneration. We introduce a novel modulated rotation loss to alleviate the problem and propose a rotation sensitivity detection network (RSDet) which is consists of an eight-param single-stage rotated object detector and the modulated rotation loss. Our proposed RSDet has several advantages: 1) it reformulates the rotated object detection problem as predicting the corners of objects while most previous methods employ a five-para-based regression method with different measurement units. 2) modulated rotation loss achieves consistent improvement on both five-param and eight-param rotated object detection methods by solving the discontinuity of loss. To further improve the accuracy of our method on objects smaller than 10 pixels, we introduce a novel RSDet++ which is consists of a point-based anchor-free rotated object detector and a modulated rotation loss. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of both RSDet and RSDet++, which achieve competitive results on rotated object detection in the challenging benchmarks DOTA1.0, DOTA1.5, and DOTA2.0. We hope the proposed method can provide a new perspective for designing algorithms to solve rotated object detection and pay more attention to tiny objects. The codes and models are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yangxue0827/RotationDetection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Tackling Inter-Class Similarity and Intra-Class Variance for Microscopic Image-based Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11891.pdf)
>  Automatic classification of aquatic microorganisms is based on the morphological features extracted from individual images. The current works on their classification do not consider the inter-class similarity and intra-class variance that causes misclassification. We are particularly interested in the case where variance within a class occurs due to discrete visual changes in microscopic images. In this paper, we propose to account for it by partitioning the classes with high variance based on the visual features. Our algorithm automatically decides the optimal number of sub-classes to be created and consider each of them as a separate class for training. This way, the network learns finer-grained visual features. Our experiments on two databases of freshwater benthic diatoms and marine plankton show that our method can outperform the state-of-the-art approaches for classification of these aquatic microorganisms.      
### 8.Localizing Infinity-shaped fishes: Sketch-guided object localization in the wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11874.pdf)
>  This work investigates the problem of sketch-guided object localization (SGOL), where human sketches are used as queries to conduct the object localization in natural images. In this cross-modal setting, we first contribute with a tough-to-beat baseline that without any specific SGOL training is able to outperform the previous works on a fixed set of classes. The baseline is useful to analyze the performance of SGOL approaches based on available simple yet powerful methods. We advance prior arts by proposing a sketch-conditioned DETR (DEtection TRansformer) architecture which avoids a hard classification and alleviates the domain gap between sketches and images to localize object instances. Although the main goal of SGOL is focused on object detection, we explored its natural extension to sketch-guided instance segmentation. This novel task allows to move towards identifying the objects at pixel level, which is of key importance in several applications. We experimentally demonstrate that our model and its variants significantly advance over previous state-of-the-art results. All training and testing code of our model will be released to facilitate future research{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/priba/sgol_wild" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 9.Catadioptric Stereo on a Smartphone  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11872.pdf)
>  We present a 3D printed adapter with planar mirrors for stereo reconstruction using front and back smartphone camera. The adapter presents a practical and low-cost solution for enabling any smartphone to be used as a stereo camera, which is currently only possible using high-end phones with expensive 3D sensors. Using the prototype version of the adapter, we experiment with parameters like the angles between cameras and mirrors and the distance to each camera (the stereo baseline). We find the most convenient configuration and calibrate the stereo pair. Based on the presented preliminary analysis, we identify possible improvements in the current design. To demonstrate the working prototype, we reconstruct a 3D human pose using 2D keypoint detections from the stereo pair and evaluate extracted body lengths. The result shows that the adapter can be used for anthropometric measurement of several body segments.      
### 10.Training dataset generation for bridge game registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11861.pdf)
>  This paper presents a method for automatic generation of a training dataset for a deep convolutional neural network used for playing card detection. The solution allows to skip the time-consuming processes of manual image collecting and labelling recognised objects. The YOLOv4 network trained on the generated dataset achieved an efficiency of 99.8% in the cards detection task. The proposed method is a part of a project that aims to automate the process of broadcasting duplicate bridge competitions using a vision system and neural networks.      
### 11.How to find a good image-text embedding for remote sensing visual question answering?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11848.pdf)
>  Visual question answering (VQA) has recently been introduced to remote sensing to make information extraction from overhead imagery more accessible to everyone. VQA considers a question (in natural language, therefore easy to formulate) about an image and aims at providing an answer through a model based on computer vision and natural language processing methods. As such, a VQA model needs to jointly consider visual and textual features, which is frequently done through a fusion step. In this work, we study three different fusion methodologies in the context of VQA for remote sensing and analyse the gains in accuracy with respect to the model complexity. Our findings indicate that more complex fusion mechanisms yield an improved performance, yet that seeking a trade-of between model complexity and performance is worthwhile in practice.      
### 12.Learnable Triangulation for Deep Learning-based 3D Reconstruction of Objects of Arbitrary Topology from Single RGB Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11844.pdf)
>  We propose a novel deep reinforcement learning-based approach for 3D object reconstruction from monocular images. Prior works that use mesh representations are template based. Thus, they are limited to the reconstruction of objects that have the same topology as the template. Methods that use volumetric grids as intermediate representations are computationally expensive, which limits their application in real-time scenarios. In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end method that reconstructs 3D objects of arbitrary topology from a monocular image. It is composed of of (1) a Vertex Generation Network (VGN), which predicts the initial 3D locations of the object's vertices from an input RGB image, (2) a differentiable triangulation layer, which learns in a non-supervised manner, using a novel reinforcement learning algorithm, the best triangulation of the object's vertices, and finally, (3) a hierarchical mesh refinement network that uses graph convolutions to refine the initial mesh. Our key contribution is the learnable triangulation process, which recovers in an unsupervised manner the topology of the input shape. Our experiments on ShapeNet and Pix3D benchmarks show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art in terms of visual quality, reconstruction accuracy, and computational time.      
### 13.Frequency Pooling: Shift-Equivalent and Anti-Aliasing Downsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11839.pdf)
>  Convolution utilizes a shift-equivalent prior of images, thus leading to great success in image processing tasks. However, commonly used poolings in convolutional neural networks (CNNs), such as max-pooling, average-pooling, and strided-convolution, are not shift-equivalent. Thus, the shift-equivalence of CNNs is destroyed when convolutions and poolings are stacked. Moreover, anti-aliasing is another essential property of poolings from the perspective of signal processing. However, recent poolings are neither shift-equivalent nor anti-aliasing. To address this issue, we propose a new pooling method that is shift-equivalent and anti-aliasing, named frequency pooling. Frequency pooling first transforms the features into the frequency domain, and then removes the frequency components beyond the Nyquist frequency. Finally, it transforms the features back to the spatial domain. We prove that frequency pooling is shift-equivalent and anti-aliasing based on the property of Fourier transform and Nyquist frequency. Experiments on image classification show that frequency pooling improves accuracy and robustness with respect to the shifts of CNNs.      
### 14.GSIP: Green Semantic Segmentation of Large-Scale Indoor Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11835.pdf)
>  An efficient solution to semantic segmentation of large-scale indoor scene point clouds is proposed in this work. It is named GSIP (Green Segmentation of Indoor Point clouds) and its performance is evaluated on a representative large-scale benchmark -- the Stanford 3D Indoor Segmentation (S3DIS) dataset. GSIP has two novel components: 1) a room-style data pre-processing method that selects a proper subset of points for further processing, and 2) a new feature extractor which is extended from PointHop. For the former, sampled points of each room form an input unit. For the latter, the weaknesses of PointHop's feature extraction when extending it to large-scale point clouds are identified and fixed with a simpler processing pipeline. As compared with PointNet, which is a pioneering deep-learning-based solution, GSIP is green since it has significantly lower computational complexity and a much smaller model size. Furthermore, experiments show that GSIP outperforms PointNet in segmentation performance for the S3DIS dataset.      
### 15.MODNet-V: Improving Portrait Video Matting via Background Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11818.pdf)
>  To address the challenging portrait video matting problem more precisely, existing works typically apply some matting priors that require additional user efforts to obtain, such as annotated trimaps or background images. In this work, we observe that instead of asking the user to explicitly provide a background image, we may recover it from the input video itself. To this end, we first propose a novel background restoration module (BRM) to recover the background image dynamically from the input video. BRM is extremely lightweight and can be easily integrated into existing matting models. By combining BRM with a recent image matting model, MODNet, we then present MODNet-V for portrait video matting. Benefited from the strong background prior provided by BRM, MODNet-V has only 1/3 of the parameters of MODNet but achieves comparable or even better performances. Our design allows MODNet-V to be trained in an end-to-end manner on a single NVIDIA 3090 GPU. Finally, we introduce a new patch refinement module (PRM) to adapt MODNet-V for high-resolution videos while keeping MODNet-V lightweight and fast.      
### 16.CPT: Colorful Prompt Tuning for Pre-trained Vision-Language Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11797.pdf)
>  Pre-Trained Vision-Language Models (VL-PTMs) have shown promising capabilities in grounding natural language in image data, facilitating a broad variety of cross-modal tasks. However, we note that there exists a significant gap between the objective forms of model pre-training and fine-tuning, resulting in a need for quantities of labeled data to stimulate the visual grounding capability of VL-PTMs for downstream tasks. To address the challenge, we present Cross-modal Prompt Tuning (CPT, alternatively, Colorful Prompt Tuning), a novel paradigm for tuning VL-PTMs, which reformulates visual grounding into a fill-in-the-blank problem with color-based co-referential markers in image and text, maximally mitigating the gap. In this way, our prompt tuning approach enables strong few-shot and even zero-shot visual grounding capabilities of VL-PTMs. Comprehensive experimental results show that prompt tuned VL-PTMs outperform their fine-tuned counterparts by a large margin (e.g., 17.3% absolute accuracy improvement, and 73.8% relative standard deviation reduction on average with one shot in RefCOCO evaluation). All the data and code will be available to facilitate future research.      
### 17.Dense Contrastive Visual-Linguistic Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11778.pdf)
>  Inspired by the success of BERT, several multimodal representation learning approaches have been proposed that jointly represent image and text. These approaches achieve superior performance by capturing high-level semantic information from large-scale multimodal pretraining. In particular, LXMERT and UNITER adopt visual region feature regression and label classification as pretext tasks. However, they tend to suffer from the problems of noisy labels and sparse semantic annotations, based on the visual features having been pretrained on a crowdsourced dataset with limited and inconsistent semantic labeling. To overcome these issues, we propose unbiased Dense Contrastive Visual-Linguistic Pretraining (DCVLP), which replaces the region regression and classification with cross-modality region contrastive learning that requires no annotations. Two data augmentation strategies (Mask Perturbation and Intra-/Inter-Adversarial Perturbation) are developed to improve the quality of negative samples used in contrastive learning. Overall, DCVLP allows cross-modality dense region contrastive learning in a self-supervised setting independent of any object annotations. We compare our method against prior visual-linguistic pretraining frameworks to validate the superiority of dense contrastive learning on multimodal representation learning.      
### 18.Quantifying point cloud realism through adversarially learned latent representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11775.pdf)
>  Judging the quality of samples synthesized by generative models can be tedious and time consuming, especially for complex data structures, such as point clouds. This paper presents a novel approach to quantify the realism of local regions in LiDAR point clouds. Relevant features are learned from real-world and synthetic point clouds by training on a proxy classification task. Inspired by fair networks, we use an adversarial technique to discourage the encoding of dataset-specific information. The resulting metric can assign a quality score to samples without requiring any task specific annotations. <br>In a series of experiments, we confirm the soundness of our metric by applying it in controllable task setups and on unseen data. Additional experiments show reliable interpolation capabilities of the metric between data with varying degree of realism. As one important application, we demonstrate how the local realism score can be used for anomaly detection in point clouds.      
### 19.Fine-Grained Image Generation from Bangla Text Description using Attentional Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11749.pdf)
>  Generating fine-grained, realistic images from text has many applications in the visual and semantic realm. Considering that, we propose Bangla Attentional Generative Adversarial Network (AttnGAN) that allows intensified, multi-stage processing for high-resolution Bangla text-to-image generation. Our model can integrate the most specific details at different sub-regions of the image. We distinctively concentrate on the relevant words in the natural language description. This framework has achieved a better inception score on the CUB dataset. For the first time, a fine-grained image is generated from Bangla text using attentional GAN. Bangla has achieved 7th position among 100 most spoken languages. This inspires us to explicitly focus on this language, which will ensure the inevitable need of many people. Moreover, Bangla has a more complex syntactic structure and less natural language processing resource that validates our work more.      
### 20.Multi-View Video-Based 3D Hand Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11747.pdf)
>  Hand pose estimation (HPE) can be used for a variety of human-computer interaction applications such as gesture-based control for physical or virtual/augmented reality devices. Recent works have shown that videos or multi-view images carry rich information regarding the hand, allowing for the development of more robust HPE systems. In this paper, we present the Multi-View Video-Based 3D Hand (MuViHand) dataset, consisting of multi-view videos of the hand along with ground-truth 3D pose labels. Our dataset includes more than 402,000 synthetic hand images available in 4,560 videos. The videos have been simultaneously captured from six different angles with complex backgrounds and random levels of dynamic lighting. The data has been captured from 10 distinct animated subjects using 12 cameras in a semi-circle topology where six tracking cameras only focus on the hand and the other six fixed cameras capture the entire body. Next, we implement MuViHandNet, a neural pipeline consisting of image encoders for obtaining visual embeddings of the hand, recurrent learners to learn both temporal and angular sequential information, and graph networks with U-Net architectures to estimate the final 3D pose information. We perform extensive experiments and show the challenging nature of this new dataset as well as the effectiveness of our proposed method. Ablation studies show the added value of each component in MuViHandNet, as well as the benefit of having temporal and sequential information in the dataset.      
### 21.Unaligned Image-to-Image Translation by Learning to Reweight  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11736.pdf)
>  Unsupervised image-to-image translation aims at learning the mapping from the source to target domain without using paired images for training. An essential yet restrictive assumption for unsupervised image translation is that the two domains are aligned, e.g., for the selfie2anime task, the anime (selfie) domain must contain only anime (selfie) face images that can be translated to some images in the other domain. Collecting aligned domains can be laborious and needs lots of attention. In this paper, we consider the task of image translation between two unaligned domains, which may arise for various possible reasons. To solve this problem, we propose to select images based on importance reweighting and develop a method to learn the weights and perform translation simultaneously and automatically. We compare the proposed method with state-of-the-art image translation approaches and present qualitative and quantitative results on different tasks with unaligned domains. Extensive empirical evidence demonstrates the usefulness of the proposed problem formulation and the superiority of our method.      
### 22.A 3D Mesh-based Lifting-and-Projection Network for Human Pose Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11719.pdf)
>  Human pose transfer has typically been modeled as a 2D image-to-image translation problem. This formulation ignores the human body shape prior in 3D space and inevitably causes implausible artifacts, especially when facing occlusion. To address this issue, we propose a lifting-and-projection framework to perform pose transfer in the 3D mesh space. The core of our framework is a foreground generation module, that consists of two novel networks: a lifting-and-projection network (LPNet) and an appearance detail compensating network (ADCNet). To leverage the human body shape prior, LPNet exploits the topological information of the body mesh to learn an expressive visual representation for the target person in the 3D mesh space. To preserve texture details, ADCNet is further introduced to enhance the feature produced by LPNet with the source foreground image. Such design of the foreground generation module enables the model to better handle difficult cases such as those with occlusions. Experiments on the iPER and Fashion datasets empirically demonstrate that the proposed lifting-and-projection framework is effective and outperforms the existing image-to-image-based and mesh-based methods on human pose transfer task in both self-transfer and cross-transfer settings.      
### 23.Feasibility study of urban flood mapping using traffic signs for route optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11712.pdf)
>  Water events are the most frequent and costliest climate disasters around the world. In the U.S., an estimated 127 million people who live in coastal areas are at risk of substantial home damage from hurricanes or flooding. In flood emergency management, timely and effective spatial decision-making and intelligent routing depend on flood depth information at a fine spatiotemporal scale. In this paper, crowdsourcing is utilized to collect photos of submerged stop signs, and pair each photo with a pre-flood photo taken at the same location. Each photo pair is then analyzed using deep neural network and image processing to estimate the depth of floodwater in the location of the photo. Generated point-by-point depth data is converted to a flood inundation map and used by an A* search algorithm to determine an optimal flood-free path connecting points of interest. Results provide crucial information to rescue teams and evacuees by enabling effective wayfinding during flooding events.      
### 24.Paint4Poem: A Dataset for Artistic Visualization of Classical Chinese Poems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11682.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a new task: artistic visualization of classical Chinese poems, where the goal is to generatepaintings of a certain artistic style for classical Chinese poems. For this purpose, we construct a new dataset called Paint4Poem. Thefirst part of Paint4Poem consists of 301 high-quality poem-painting pairs collected manually from an influential modern Chinese artistFeng Zikai. As its small scale poses challenges for effectively training poem-to-painting generation models, we introduce the secondpart of Paint4Poem, which consists of 3,648 caption-painting pairs collected manually from Feng Zikai's paintings and 89,204 poem-painting pairs collected automatically from the web. We expect the former to help learning the artist painting style as it containshis most paintings, and the latter to help learning the semantic relevance between poems and paintings. Further, we analyze Paint4Poem regarding poem diversity, painting style, and the semantic relevance between poems and paintings. We create abenchmark for Paint4Poem: we train two representative text-to-image generation models: AttnGAN and MirrorGAN, and evaluate theirperformance regarding painting pictorial quality, painting stylistic relevance, and semantic relevance between poems and paintings.The results indicate that the models are able to generate paintings that have good pictorial quality and mimic Feng Zikai's style, but thereflection of poem semantics is limited. The dataset also poses many interesting research directions on this task, including transferlearning, few-shot learning, text-to-image generation for low-resource data etc. The dataset is publicly available.(<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/paint4poem/paint4poem" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>)      
### 25.Keypoints-Based Deep Feature Fusion for Cooperative Vehicle Detection of Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11615.pdf)
>  Sharing collective perception messages (CPM) between vehicles is investigated to decrease occlusions, so as to improve perception accuracy and safety of autonomous driving. However, highly accurate data sharing and low communication overhead is a big challenge for collective perception, especially when real-time communication is required among connected and automated vehicles. In this paper, we propose an efficient and effective keypoints-based deep feature fusion framework, called FPV-RCNN, for collective perception, which is built on top of the 3D object detector PV-RCNN. We introduce a bounding box proposal matching module and a keypoints selection strategy to compress the CPM size and solve the multi-vehicle data fusion problem. Compared to a bird's-eye view (BEV) keypoints feature fusion, FPV-RCNN achieves improved detection accuracy by about 14% at a high evaluation criterion (IoU 0.7) on a synthetic dataset COMAP dedicated to collective perception. Also, its performance is comparable to two raw data fusion baselines that have no data loss in sharing. Moreover, our method also significantly decreases the CPM size to less than 0.3KB, which is about 50 times smaller than the BEV feature map sharing used in previous works. Even with a further decreased number of CPM feature channels, i.e., from 128 to 32, the detection performance only drops about 1%. The code of our method is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YuanYunshuang/FPV_RCNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Fast Point Voxel Convolution Neural Network with Selective Feature Fusion for Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11614.pdf)
>  We present a novel lightweight convolutional neural network for point cloud analysis. In contrast to many current CNNs which increase receptive field by downsampling point cloud, our method directly operates on the entire point sets without sampling and achieves good performances efficiently. Our network consists of point voxel convolution (PVC) layer as building block. Each layer has two parallel branches, namely the voxel branch and the point branch. For the voxel branch specifically, we aggregate local features on non-empty voxel centers to reduce geometric information loss caused by voxelization, then apply volumetric convolutions to enhance local neighborhood geometry encoding. For the point branch, we use Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) to extract fine-detailed point-wise features. Outputs from these two branches are adaptively fused via a feature selection module. Moreover, we supervise the output from every PVC layer to learn different levels of semantic information. The final prediction is made by averaging all intermediate predictions. We demonstrate empirically that our method is able to achieve comparable results while being fast and memory efficient. We evaluate our method on popular point cloud datasets for object classification and semantic segmentation tasks.      
### 27.SPNet: Multi-Shell Kernel Convolution for Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11610.pdf)
>  Feature encoding is essential for point cloud analysis. In this paper, we propose a novel point convolution operator named Shell Point Convolution (SPConv) for shape encoding and local context learning. Specifically, SPConv splits 3D neighborhood space into shells, aggregates local features on manually designed kernel points, and performs convolution on the shells. Moreover, SPConv incorporates a simple yet effective attention module that enhances local feature aggregation. Based upon SPConv, a deep neural network named SPNet is constructed to process large-scale point clouds. Poisson disk sampling and feature propagation are incorporated in SPNet for better efficiency and accuracy. We provided details of the shell design and conducted extensive experiments on challenging large-scale point cloud datasets. Experimental results show that SPConv is effective in local shape encoding, and our SPNet is able to achieve top-ranking performances in semantic segmentation tasks.      
### 28.Long Short View Feature Decomposition via Contrastive Video Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11593.pdf)
>  Self-supervised video representation methods typically focus on the representation of temporal attributes in videos. However, the role of stationary versus non-stationary attributes is less explored: Stationary features, which remain similar throughout the video, enable the prediction of video-level action classes. Non-stationary features, which represent temporally varying attributes, are more beneficial for downstream tasks involving more fine-grained temporal understanding, such as action segmentation. We argue that a single representation to capture both types of features is sub-optimal, and propose to decompose the representation space into stationary and non-stationary features via contrastive learning from long and short views, i.e. long video sequences and their shorter sub-sequences. Stationary features are shared between the short and long views, while non-stationary features aggregate the short views to match the corresponding long view. To empirically verify our approach, we demonstrate that our stationary features work particularly well on an action recognition downstream task, while our non-stationary features perform better on action segmentation. Furthermore, we analyse the learned representations and find that stationary features capture more temporally stable, static attributes, while non-stationary features encompass more temporally varying ones.      
### 29.Weakly-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimationwith Resolution-Mismatched Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11573.pdf)
>  Depth estimation from a single image is an active research topic in computer vision. The most accurate approaches are based on fully supervised learning models, which rely on a large amount of dense and high-resolution (HR) ground-truth depth maps. However, in practice, color images are usually captured with much higher resolution than depth maps, leading to the resolution-mismatched effect. In this paper, we propose a novel weakly-supervised framework to train a monocular depth estimation network to generate HR depth maps with resolution-mismatched supervision, i.e., the inputs are HR color images and the ground-truth are low-resolution (LR) depth maps. The proposed weakly supervised framework is composed of a sharing weight monocular depth estimation network and a depth reconstruction network for distillation. Specifically, for the monocular depth estimation network the input color image is first downsampled to obtain its LR version with the same resolution as the ground-truth depth. Then, both HR and LR color images are fed into the proposed monocular depth estimation network to obtain the corresponding estimated depth maps. We introduce three losses to train the network: 1) reconstruction loss between the estimated LR depth and the ground-truth LR depth; 2) reconstruction loss between the downsampled estimated HR depth and the ground-truth LR depth; 3) consistency loss between the estimated LR depth and the downsampled estimated HR depth. In addition, we design a depth reconstruction network from depth to depth. Through distillation loss, features between two networks maintain the structural consistency in affinity space, and finally improving the estimation network performance. Experimental results demonstrate that our method achieves superior performance than unsupervised and semi-supervised learning based schemes, and is competitive or even better compared to supervised ones.      
### 30.ImplicitVol: Sensorless 3D Ultrasound Reconstruction with Deep Implicit Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12108.pdf)
>  The objective of this work is to achieve sensorless reconstruction of a 3D volume from a set of 2D freehand ultrasound images with deep implicit representation. In contrast to the conventional way that represents a 3D volume as a discrete voxel grid, we do so by parameterizing it as the zero level-set of a continuous function, i.e. implicitly representing the 3D volume as a mapping from the spatial coordinates to the corresponding intensity values. Our proposed model, termed as ImplicitVol, takes a set of 2D scans and their estimated locations in 3D as input, jointly re?fing the estimated 3D locations and learning a full reconstruction of the 3D volume. When testing on real 2D ultrasound images, novel cross-sectional views that are sampled from ImplicitVol show significantly better visual quality than those sampled from existing reconstruction approaches, outperforming them by over 30% (NCC and SSIM), between the output and ground-truth on the 3D volume testing data. The code will be made publicly available.      
### 31.CLIPort: What and Where Pathways for Robotic Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.12098.pdf)
>  How can we imbue robots with the ability to manipulate objects precisely but also to reason about them in terms of abstract concepts? Recent works in manipulation have shown that end-to-end networks can learn dexterous skills that require precise spatial reasoning, but these methods often fail to generalize to new goals or quickly learn transferable concepts across tasks. In parallel, there has been great progress in learning generalizable semantic representations for vision and language by training on large-scale internet data, however these representations lack the spatial understanding necessary for fine-grained manipulation. To this end, we propose a framework that combines the best of both worlds: a two-stream architecture with semantic and spatial pathways for vision-based manipulation. Specifically, we present CLIPort, a language-conditioned imitation-learning agent that combines the broad semantic understanding (what) of CLIP [1] with the spatial precision (where) of Transporter [2]. Our end-to-end framework is capable of solving a variety of language-specified tabletop tasks from packing unseen objects to folding cloths, all without any explicit representations of object poses, instance segmentations, memory, symbolic states, or syntactic structures. Experiments in simulated and real-world settings show that our approach is data efficient in few-shot settings and generalizes effectively to seen and unseen semantic concepts. We even learn one multi-task policy for 10 simulated and 9 real-world tasks that is better or comparable to single-task policies.      
### 32.Quantitative Matching of Forensic Evidence Fragments Utilizing 3D Microscopy Analysis of Fracture Surface Replicas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11972.pdf)
>  Fractured surfaces carry unique details that can provide an accurate quantitative comparison to support comparative forensic analysis of those fractured surfaces. In this study, a statistical analysis comparison protocol was applied to a set of 3D topological images of fractured surface pairs and their replicas to provide confidence in the quantitative statistical comparison between fractured items and their replicas. A set of 10 fractured stainless steel samples was fractured from the same metal rod under controlled conditions and were cast using a standard forensic casting technique. Six 3D topological maps with 50% overlap were acquired for each fractured pair. Spectral analysis was utilized to identify the correlation between topological surface features at different length scales of the surface topology. We selected two frequency bands over the critical wavelength (which is greater than two-grain diameters) for statistical comparison. Our statistical model utilized a matrix-variate-$t$ distribution that accounts for the image-overlap to model the match and non-match population densities. A decision rule was developed to identify the probability of matched and unmatched pairs of surfaces. The proposed methodology correctly classified the fractured steel surfaces and their replicas with a posterior probability of match exceeding 99.96%. Moreover, the replication technique shows the potential to accurately replicate fracture surface topological details with a wavelength greater than 20$\mu$m, which far exceeds the range for comparison of most metallic alloys of 50-200$\mu$m. The developed framework establishes the basis of forensic comparison of fractured articles and their replicas while providing a reliable quantitative statistical forensic comparison, utilizing fracture mechanics-based analysis of the fracture surface topology.      
### 33.Towards Autonomous Crop-Agnostic Visual Navigation in Arable Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11936.pdf)
>  Autonomous navigation of a robot in agricultural fields is essential for every task from crop monitoring through to weed management and fertilizer application. Many current approaches rely on accurate GPS, however, such technology is expensive and also prone to failure~(e.g. through lack of coverage). As such, navigation through sensors that can interpret their environment (such as cameras) is important to achieve the goal of autonomy in agriculture. In this paper, we introduce a purely vision-based navigation scheme which is able to reliably guide the robot through row-crop fields. Independent of any global localization or mapping, this approach is able to accurately follow the crop-rows and switch between the rows, only using on-board cameras. With the help of a novel crop-row detection and a novel crop-row switching technique, our navigation scheme can be deployed in a wide range of fields with different canopy types in various growth stages. We have extensively tested our approach in five different fields under various illumination conditions using our agricultural robotic platform (BonnBot-I). And our evaluations show that we have achieved a navigation accuracy of 3.82cm over five different crop fields.      
### 34.Learning-based Noise Component Map Estimation for Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11877.pdf)
>  A problem of image denoising when images are corrupted by a non-stationary noise is considered in this paper. Since in practice no a priori information on noise is available, noise statistics should be pre-estimated for image denoising. In this paper, deep convolutional neural network (CNN) based method for estimation of a map of local, patch-wise, standard deviations of noise (so-called sigma-map) is proposed. It achieves the state-of-the-art performance in accuracy of estimation of sigma-map for the case of non-stationary noise, as well as estimation of noise variance for the case of additive white Gaussian noise. Extensive experiments on image denoising using estimated sigma-maps demonstrate that our method outperforms recent CNN-based blind image denoising methods by up to 6 dB in PSNR, as well as other state-of-the-art methods based on sigma-map estimation by up to 0.5 dB, providing same time better usage flexibility. Comparison with the ideal case, when denoising is applied using ground-truth sigma-map, shows that a difference of corresponding PSNR values for most of noise levels is within 0.1-0.2 dB and does not exceeds 0.6 dB.      
### 35.Few-shot Learning Based on Multi-stage Transfer and Class-Balanced Loss for Diabetic Retinopathy Grading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11806.pdf)
>  Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is one of the major blindness-causing diseases current-ly known. Automatic grading of DR using deep learning methods not only speeds up the diagnosis of the disease but also reduces the rate of misdiagnosis. However, problems such as insufficient samples and imbalanced class distribu-tion in DR datasets have constrained the improvement of grading performance. In this paper, we introduce the idea of multi-stage transfer into the grading task of DR. The new transfer learning technique leverages multiple datasets with differ-ent scales to enable the model to learn more feature representation information. Meanwhile, to cope with imbalanced DR datasets, we present a class-balanced loss function that performs well in natural image classification tasks, and adopt a simple and easy-to-implement training method for it. The experimental results show that the application of multi-stage transfer and class-balanced loss function can effectively improve the grading performance metrics such as accuracy and quadratic weighted kappa. In fact, our method has outperformed two state-of-the-art methods and achieved the best result on the DR grading task of IDRiD Sub-Challenge 2.      
### 36.SIM2REALVIZ: Visualizing the Sim2Real Gap in Robot Ego-Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11801.pdf)
>  The Robotics community has started to heavily rely on increasingly realistic 3D simulators for large-scale training of robots on massive amounts of data. But once robots are deployed in the real world, the simulation gap, as well as changes in the real world (e.g. lights, objects displacements) lead to errors. In this paper, we introduce Sim2RealViz, a visual analytics tool to assist experts in understanding and reducing this gap for robot ego-pose estimation tasks, i.e. the estimation of a robot's position using trained models. Sim2RealViz displays details of a given model and the performance of its instances in both simulation and real-world. Experts can identify environment differences that impact model predictions at a given location and explore through direct interactions with the model hypothesis to fix it. We detail the design of the tool, and case studies related to the exploit of the regression to the mean bias and how it can be addressed, and how models are perturbed by the vanish of landmarks such as bikes.      
### 37.Adversarial Domain Feature Adaptation for Bronchoscopic Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11798.pdf)
>  Depth estimation from monocular images is an important task in localization and 3D reconstruction pipelines for bronchoscopic navigation. Various supervised and self-supervised deep learning-based approaches have proven themselves on this task for natural images. However, the lack of labeled data and the bronchial tissue's feature-scarce texture make the utilization of these methods ineffective on bronchoscopic scenes. In this work, we propose an alternative domain-adaptive approach. Our novel two-step structure first trains a depth estimation network with labeled synthetic images in a supervised manner; then adopts an unsupervised adversarial domain feature adaptation scheme to improve the performance on real images. The results of our experiments show that the proposed method improves the network's performance on real images by a considerable margin and can be employed in 3D reconstruction pipelines.      
### 38.Holistic Semi-Supervised Approaches for EEG Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11732.pdf)
>  Recently, supervised methods, which often require substantial amounts of class labels, have achieved promising results for EEG representation learning. However, labeling EEG data is a challenging task. More recently, holistic semi-supervised learning approaches, which only require few output labels, have shown promising results in the field of computer vision. These methods, however, have not yet been adapted for EEG learning. In this paper, we adapt three state-of-the-art holistic semi-supervised approaches, namely MixMatch, FixMatch, and AdaMatch, as well as five classical semi-supervised methods for EEG learning. We perform rigorous experiments with all 8 methods on two public EEG-based emotion recognition datasets, namely SEED and SEED-IV. The experiments with different amounts of limited labeled samples show that the holistic approaches achieve strong results even when only 1 labeled sample is used per class. Further experiments show that in most cases, AdaMatch is the most effective method, followed by MixMatch and FixMatch.      
### 39.Training Automatic View Planner for Cardiac MR Imaging via Self-Supervision by Spatial Relationship between Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11715.pdf)
>  View planning for the acquisition of cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) requires acquaintance with the cardiac anatomy and remains a challenging task in clinical practice. Existing approaches to its automation relied either on an additional volumetric image not typically acquired in clinic routine, or on laborious manual annotations of cardiac structural landmarks. This work presents a clinic-compatible and annotation-free system for automatic CMR view planning. The system mines the spatial relationship -- more specifically, locates and exploits the intersecting lines -- between the source and target views, and trains deep networks to regress heatmaps defined by these intersecting lines. As the spatial relationship is self-contained in properly stored data, e.g., in the DICOM format, the need for manual annotation is eliminated. Then, a multi-view planning strategy is proposed to aggregate information from the predicted heatmaps for all the source views of a target view, for a globally optimal prescription. The multi-view aggregation mimics the similar strategy practiced by skilled human prescribers. Experimental results on 181 clinical CMR exams show that our system achieves superior accuracy to existing approaches including conventional atlas-based and newer deep learning based ones, in prescribing four standard CMR views. The mean angle difference and point-to-plane distance evaluated against the ground truth planes are 5.98 degrees and 3.48 mm, respectively.      
### 40.A Learned Stereo Depth System for Robotic Manipulation in Homes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11644.pdf)
>  We present a passive stereo depth system that produces dense and accurate point clouds optimized for human environments, including dark, textureless, thin, reflective and specular surfaces and objects, at 2560x2048 resolution, with 384 disparities, in 30 ms. The system consists of an algorithm combining learned stereo matching with engineered filtering, a training and data-mixing methodology, and a sensor hardware design. Our architecture is 15x faster than approaches that perform similarly on the Middlebury and Flying Things Stereo Benchmarks. To effectively supervise the training of this model, we combine real data labelled using off-the-shelf depth sensors, as well as a number of different rendered, simulated labeled datasets. We demonstrate the efficacy of our system by presenting a large number of qualitative results in the form of depth maps and point-clouds, experiments validating the metric accuracy of our system and comparisons to other sensors on challenging objects and scenes. We also show the competitiveness of our algorithm compared to state-of-the-art learned models using the Middlebury and FlyingThings datasets.      
### 41.SAME: Deformable Image Registration based on Self-supervised Anatomical Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11572.pdf)
>  In this work, we introduce a fast and accurate method for unsupervised 3D medical image registration. This work is built on top of a recent algorithm SAM, which is capable of computing dense anatomical/semantic correspondences between two images at the pixel level. Our method is named SAME, which breaks down image registration into three steps: affine transformation, coarse deformation, and deep deformable registration. Using SAM embeddings, we enhance these steps by finding more coherent correspondences, and providing features and a loss function with better semantic guidance. We collect a multi-phase chest computed tomography dataset with 35 annotated organs for each patient and conduct inter-subject registration for quantitative evaluation. Results show that SAME outperforms widely-used traditional registration techniques (Elastix FFD, ANTs SyN) and learning based VoxelMorph method by at least 4.7% and 2.7% in Dice scores for two separate tasks of within-contrast-phase and across-contrast-phase registration, respectively. SAME achieves the comparable performance to the best traditional registration method, DEEDS (from our evaluation), while being orders of magnitude faster (from 45 seconds to 1.2 seconds).      
### 42.Lifelong 3D Object Recognition and Grasp Synthesis Using Dual Memory Recurrent Self-Organization Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11544.pdf)
>  Humans learn to recognize and manipulate new objects in lifelong settings without forgetting the previously gained knowledge under non-stationary and sequential conditions. In autonomous systems, the agents also need to mitigate similar behavior to continually learn the new object categories and adapt to new environments. In most conventional deep neural networks, this is not possible due to the problem of catastrophic forgetting, where the newly gained knowledge overwrites existing representations. Furthermore, most state-of-the-art models excel either in recognizing the objects or in grasp prediction, while both tasks use visual input. The combined architecture to tackle both tasks is very limited. In this paper, we proposed a hybrid model architecture consists of a dynamically growing dual-memory recurrent neural network (GDM) and an autoencoder to tackle object recognition and grasping simultaneously. The autoencoder network is responsible to extract a compact representation for a given object, which serves as input for the GDM learning, and is responsible to predict pixel-wise antipodal grasp configurations. The GDM part is designed to recognize the object in both instances and categories levels. We address the problem of catastrophic forgetting using the intrinsic memory replay, where the episodic memory periodically replays the neural activation trajectories in the absence of external sensory information. To extensively evaluate the proposed model in a lifelong setting, we generate a synthetic dataset due to lack of sequential 3D objects dataset. Experiment results demonstrated that the proposed model can learn both object representation and grasping simultaneously in continual learning scenarios.      
