# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 13 Sep 2021
### 1.An Empirical Study of GPT-3 for Few-Shot Knowledge-Based VQA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.05014.pdf)
>  Knowledge-based visual question answering (VQA) involves answering questions that require external knowledge not present in the image. Existing methods first retrieve knowledge from external resources, then reason over the selected knowledge, the input image, and question for answer prediction. However, this two-step approach could lead to mismatches that potentially limit the VQA performance. For example, the retrieved knowledge might be noisy and irrelevant to the question, and the re-embedded knowledge features during reasoning might deviate from their original meanings in the knowledge base (KB). To address this challenge, we propose PICa, a simple yet effective method that Prompts GPT3 via the use of Image Captions, for knowledge-based VQA. Inspired by GPT-3's power in knowledge retrieval and question answering, instead of using structured KBs as in previous work, we treat GPT-3 as an implicit and unstructured KB that can jointly acquire and process relevant knowledge. Specifically, we first convert the image into captions (or tags) that GPT-3 can understand, then adapt GPT-3 to solve the VQA task in a few-shot manner by just providing a few in-context VQA examples. We further boost performance by carefully investigating: (i) what text formats best describe the image content, and (ii) how in-context examples can be better selected and used. PICa unlocks the first use of GPT-3 for multimodal tasks. By using only 16 examples, PICa surpasses the supervised state of the art by an absolute +8.6 points on the OK-VQA dataset. We also benchmark PICa on VQAv2, where PICa also shows a decent few-shot performance.      
### 2.LAViTeR: Learning Aligned Visual and Textual Representations Assisted by Image and Caption Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04993.pdf)
>  Pre-training visual and textual representations from large-scale image-text pairs is becoming a standard approach for many downstream vision-language tasks. The transformer-based models learn inter and intra-modal attention through a list of self-supervised learning tasks. This paper proposes LAViTeR, a novel architecture for visual and textual representation learning. The main module, Visual Textual Alignment (VTA) will be assisted by two auxiliary tasks, GAN-based image synthesis and Image Captioning. We also propose a new evaluation metric measuring the similarity between the learnt visual and textual embedding. The experimental results on two public datasets, CUB and MS-COCO, demonstrate superior visual and textual representation alignment in the joint feature embedding space      
### 3.Detection of GAN-synthesized street videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04991.pdf)
>  Research on the detection of AI-generated videos has focused almost exclusively on face videos, usually referred to as deepfakes. Manipulations like face swapping, face reenactment and expression manipulation have been the subject of an intense research with the development of a number of efficient tools to distinguish artificial videos from genuine ones. Much less attention has been paid to the detection of artificial non-facial videos. Yet, new tools for the generation of such kind of videos are being developed at a fast pace and will soon reach the quality level of deepfake videos. The goal of this paper is to investigate the detectability of a new kind of AI-generated videos framing driving street sequences (here referred to as DeepStreets videos), which, by their nature, can not be analysed with the same tools used for facial deepfakes. Specifically, we present a simple frame-based detector, achieving very good performance on state-of-the-art DeepStreets videos generated by the Vid2vid architecture. Noticeably, the detector retains very good performance on compressed videos, even when the compression level used during training does not match that used for the test videos.      
### 4.Unsupervised Change Detection in Hyperspectral Images using Feature Fusion Deep Convolutional Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04990.pdf)
>  Binary change detection in bi-temporal co-registered hyperspectral images is a challenging task due to a large number of spectral bands present in the data. Researchers, therefore, try to handle it by reducing dimensions. The proposed work aims to build a novel feature extraction system using a feature fusion deep convolutional autoencoder for detecting changes between a pair of such bi-temporal co-registered hyperspectral images. The feature fusion considers features across successive levels and multiple receptive fields and therefore adds a competitive edge over the existing feature extraction methods. The change detection technique described is completely unsupervised and is much more elegant than other supervised or semi-supervised methods which require some amount of label information. Different methods have been applied to the extracted features to find the changes in the two images and it is found that the proposed method clearly outperformed the state of the art methods in unsupervised change detection for all the datasets.      
### 5.Panoptic Narrative Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04988.pdf)
>  This paper proposes Panoptic Narrative Grounding, a spatially fine and general formulation of the natural language visual grounding problem. We establish an experimental framework for the study of this new task, including new ground truth and metrics, and we propose a strong baseline method to serve as stepping stone for future work. We exploit the intrinsic semantic richness in an image by including panoptic categories, and we approach visual grounding at a fine-grained level by using segmentations. In terms of ground truth, we propose an algorithm to automatically transfer Localized Narratives annotations to specific regions in the panoptic segmentations of the MS COCO dataset. To guarantee the quality of our annotations, we take advantage of the semantic structure contained in WordNet to exclusively incorporate noun phrases that are grounded to a meaningfully related panoptic segmentation region. The proposed baseline achieves a performance of 55.4 absolute Average Recall points. This result is a suitable foundation to push the envelope further in the development of methods for Panoptic Narrative Grounding.      
### 6.LibFewShot: A Comprehensive Library for Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04898.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning, especially few-shot image classification, has received increasing attention and witnessed significant advances in recent years. Some recent studies implicitly show that many generic techniques or ``tricks'', such as data augmentation, pre-training, knowledge distillation, and self-supervision, may greatly boost the performance of a few-shot learning method. Moreover, different works may employ different software platforms, different training schedules, different backbone architectures and even different input image sizes, making fair comparisons difficult and practitioners struggle with reproducibility. To address these situations, we propose a comprehensive library for few-shot learning (LibFewShot) by re-implementing seventeen state-of-the-art few-shot learning methods in a unified framework with the same single codebase in PyTorch. Furthermore, based on LibFewShot, we provide comprehensive evaluations on multiple benchmark datasets with multiple backbone architectures to evaluate common pitfalls and effects of different training tricks. In addition, given the recent doubts on the necessity of meta- or episodic-training mechanism, our evaluation results show that such kind of mechanism is still necessary especially when combined with pre-training. We hope our work can not only lower the barriers for beginners to work on few-shot learning but also remove the effects of the nontrivial tricks to facilitate intrinsic research on few-shot learning. The source code is available from <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RL-VIG/LibFewShot" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Negative Sample Matters: A Renaissance of Metric Learning for Temporal Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04872.pdf)
>  Temporal grounding aims to temporally localize a video moment in the video whose semantics are related to a given natural language query. Existing methods typically apply a detection or regression pipeline on the fused representation with a focus on designing complicated heads and fusion strategies. Instead, from a perspective on temporal grounding as a metric-learning problem, we present a Dual Matching Network (DMN), to directly model the relations between language queries and video moments in a joint embedding space. This new metric-learning framework enables fully exploiting negative samples from two new aspects: constructing negative cross-modal pairs from a dual matching scheme and mining negative pairs across different videos. These new negative samples could enhance the joint representation learning of two modalities via cross-modal pair discrimination to maximize their mutual information. Experiments show that DMN achieves highly competitive performance compared with state-of-the-art methods on four video grounding benchmarks. Based on DMN, we present a winner solution for STVG challenge of the 3rd PIC workshop. This suggests that metric-learning is still a promising method for temporal grounding via capturing the essential cross-modal correlation in a joint embedding space.      
### 8.Spatio-Temporal Recurrent Networks for Event-Based Optical Flow Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04871.pdf)
>  Event camera has offered promising alternative for visual perception, especially in high speed and high dynamic range scenes. Recently, many deep learning methods have shown great success in providing model-free solutions to many event-based problems, such as optical flow estimation. However, existing deep learning methods did not address the importance of temporal information well from the perspective of architecture design and cannot effectively extract spatio-temporal features. Another line of research that utilizes Spiking Neural Network suffers from training issues for deeper architecture. To address these points, a novel input representation is proposed that captures the events temporal distribution for signal enhancement. Moreover, we introduce a spatio-temporal recurrent encoding-decoding neural network architecture for event-based optical flow estimation, which utilizes Convolutional Gated Recurrent Units to extract feature maps from a series of event images. Besides, our architecture allows some traditional frame-based core modules, such as correlation layer and iterative residual refine scheme, to be incorporated. The network is end-to-end trained with self-supervised learning on the Multi-Vehicle Stereo Event Camera dataset. We have shown that it outperforms all the existing state-of-the-art methods by a large margin.      
### 9.Temporally Coherent Person Matting Trained on Fake-Motion Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04843.pdf)
>  We propose a novel neural-network-based method to perform matting of videos depicting people that does not require additional user input such as trimaps. Our architecture achieves temporal stability of the resulting alpha mattes by using motion-estimation-based smoothing of image-segmentation algorithm outputs, combined with convolutional-LSTM modules on U-Net skip connections. <br>We also propose a fake-motion algorithm that generates training clips for the video-matting network given photos with ground-truth alpha mattes and background videos. We apply random motion to photos and their mattes to simulate movement one would find in real videos and composite the result with the background clips. It lets us train a deep neural network operating on videos in an absence of a large annotated video dataset and provides ground-truth training-clip foreground optical flow for use in loss functions.      
### 10.TADA: Taxonomy Adaptive Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04813.pdf)
>  Traditional domain adaptation addresses the task of adapting a model to a novel target domain under limited or no additional supervision. While tackling the input domain gap, the standard domain adaptation settings assume no domain change in the output space. In semantic prediction tasks, different datasets are often labeled according to different semantic taxonomies. In many real-world settings, the target domain task requires a different taxonomy than the one imposed by the source domain. We therefore introduce the more general taxonomy adaptive domain adaptation (TADA) problem, allowing for inconsistent taxonomies between the two domains. We further propose an approach that jointly addresses the image-level and label-level domain adaptation. On the label-level, we employ a bilateral mixed sampling strategy to augment the target domain, and a relabelling method to unify and align the label spaces. We address the image-level domain gap by proposing an uncertainty-rectified contrastive learning method, leading to more domain-invariant and class discriminative features. We extensively evaluate the effectiveness of our framework under different TADA settings: open taxonomy, coarse-to-fine taxonomy, and partially-overlapping taxonomy. Our framework outperforms previous state-of-the-art by a large margin, while capable of adapting to new target domain taxonomies.      
### 11.Line as a Visual Sentence: Context-aware Line Descriptor for Visual Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04753.pdf)
>  Along with feature points for image matching, line features provide additional constraints to solve visual geometric problems in robotics and computer vision (CV). Although recent convolutional neural network (CNN)-based line descriptors are promising for viewpoint changes or dynamic environments, we claim that the CNN architecture has innate disadvantages to abstract variable line length into the fixed-dimensional descriptor. In this paper, we effectively introduce Line-Transformers dealing with variable lines. Inspired by natural language processing (NLP) tasks where sentences can be understood and abstracted well in neural nets, we view a line segment as a sentence that contains points (words). By attending to well-describable points on aline dynamically, our descriptor performs excellently on variable line length. We also propose line signature networks sharing the line's geometric attributes to neighborhoods. Performing as group descriptors, the networks enhance line descriptors by understanding lines' relative geometries. Finally, we present the proposed line descriptor and matching in a Point and Line Localization (PL-Loc). We show that the visual localization with feature points can be improved using our line features. We validate the proposed method for homography estimation and visual localization.      
### 12.Temporal Pyramid Transformer with Multimodal Interaction for Video Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04735.pdf)
>  Video question answering (VideoQA) is challenging given its multimodal combination of visual understanding and natural language understanding. While existing approaches seldom leverage the appearance-motion information in the video at multiple temporal scales, the interaction between the question and the visual information for textual semantics extraction is frequently ignored. Targeting these issues, this paper proposes a novel Temporal Pyramid Transformer (TPT) model with multimodal interaction for VideoQA. The TPT model comprises two modules, namely Question-specific Transformer (QT) and Visual Inference (VI). Given the temporal pyramid constructed from a video, QT builds the question semantics from the coarse-to-fine multimodal co-occurrence between each word and the visual content. Under the guidance of such question-specific semantics, VI infers the visual clues from the local-to-global multi-level interactions between the question and the video. Within each module, we introduce a multimodal attention mechanism to aid the extraction of question-video interactions, with residual connections adopted for the information passing across different levels. Through extensive experiments on three VideoQA datasets, we demonstrate better performances of the proposed method in comparison with the state-of-the-arts.      
### 13.Face-NMS: A Core-set Selection Approach for Efficient Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04698.pdf)
>  Recently, face recognition in the wild has achieved remarkable success and one key engine is the increasing size of training data. For example, the largest face dataset, WebFace42M contains about 2 million identities and 42 million faces. However, a massive number of faces raise the constraints in training time, computing resources, and memory cost. The current research on this problem mainly focuses on designing an efficient Fully-connected layer (FC) to reduce GPU memory consumption caused by a large number of identities. In this work, we relax these constraints by resolving the redundancy problem of the up-to-date face datasets caused by the greedily collecting operation (i.e. the core-set selection perspective). As the first attempt in this perspective on the face recognition problem, we find that existing methods are limited in both performance and efficiency. For superior cost-efficiency, we contribute a novel filtering strategy dubbed Face-NMS. Face-NMS works on feature space and simultaneously considers the local and global sparsity in generating core sets. In practice, Face-NMS is analogous to Non-Maximum Suppression (NMS) in the object detection community. It ranks the faces by their potential contribution to the overall sparsity and filters out the superfluous face in the pairs with high similarity for local sparsity. With respect to the efficiency aspect, Face-NMS accelerates the whole pipeline by applying a smaller but sufficient proxy dataset in training the proxy model. As a result, with Face-NMS, we successfully scale down the WebFace42M dataset to 60% while retaining its performance on the main benchmarks, offering a 40% resource-saving and 1.64 times acceleration. The code is publicly available for reference at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HuangJunJie2017/Face-NMS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Residual 3D Scene Flow Learning with Context-Aware Feature Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04685.pdf)
>  Scene flow estimation is the task to predict the point-wise 3D displacement vector between two consecutive frames of point clouds, which has important application in fields such as service robots and autonomous driving. Although many previous works have explored greatly on scene flow estimation based on point clouds, we point out two problems that have not been noticed or well solved before: 1) Points of adjacent frames in repetitive patterns may be wrongly associated due to similar spatial structure in their neighbourhoods; 2) Scene flow between adjacent frames of point clouds with long-distance movement may be inaccurately estimated. To solve the first problem, we propose a novel context-aware set conv layer to exploit contextual structure information of Euclidean space and learn soft aggregation weights for local point features. Our design is inspired by human perception of contextual structure information during scene understanding. We incorporate the context-aware set conv layer in a context-aware point feature pyramid module of 3D point clouds for scene flow estimation. For the second problem, we propose an explicit residual flow learning structure in the residual flow refinement layer to cope with long-distance movement. The experiments and ablation study on FlyingThings3D and KITTI scene flow datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of each proposed component and that we solve problem of ambiguous inter-frame association and long-distance movement estimation. Quantitative results on both FlyingThings3D and KITTI scene flow datasets show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance, surpassing all other previous works to the best of our knowledge by at least 25%.      
### 15.PIP: Physical Interaction Prediction via Mental Imagery with Span Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04683.pdf)
>  To align advanced artificial intelligence (AI) with human values and promote safe AI, it is important for AI to predict the outcome of physical interactions. Even with the ongoing debates on how humans predict the outcomes of physical interactions among objects in the real world, there are works attempting to tackle this task via cognitive-inspired AI approaches. However, there is still a lack of AI approaches that mimic the mental imagery humans use to predict physical interactions in the real world. In this work, we propose a novel PIP scheme: Physical Interaction Prediction via Mental Imagery with Span Selection. PIP utilizes a deep generative model to output future frames of physical interactions among objects before extracting crucial information for predicting physical interactions by focusing on salient frames using span selection. To evaluate our model, we propose a large-scale SPACE+ dataset of synthetic video frames, including three physical interaction events in a 3D environment. Our experiments show that PIP outperforms baselines and human performance in physical interaction prediction for both seen and unseen objects. Furthermore, PIP's span selection scheme can effectively identify the frames where physical interactions among objects occur within the generated frames, allowing for added interpretability.      
### 16.ACFNet: Adaptively-Cooperative Fusion Network for RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04627.pdf)
>  The reasonable employment of RGB and depth data show great significance in promoting the development of computer vision tasks and robot-environment interaction. However, there are different advantages and disadvantages in the early and late fusion of the two types of data. Besides, due to the diversity of object information, using a single type of data in a specific scenario tends to result in semantic misleading. Based on the above considerations, we propose an adaptively-cooperative fusion network (ACFNet) with ResinRes structure for salient object detection. This structure is designed to flexibly utilize the advantages of feature fusion in early and late stages. Secondly, an adaptively-cooperative semantic guidance (ACG) scheme is designed to suppress inaccurate features in the guidance phase. Further, we proposed a type-based attention module (TAM) to optimize the network and enhance the multi-scale perception of different objects. For different objects, the features generated by different types of convolution are enhanced or suppressed by the gated mechanism for segmentation optimization. ACG and TAM optimize the transfer of feature streams according to their data attributes and convolution attributes, respectively. Sufficient experiments conducted on RGB-D SOD datasets illustrate that the proposed network performs favorably against 18 state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 17.EVOQUER: Enhancing Temporal Grounding with Video-Pivoted BackQuery Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04600.pdf)
>  Temporal grounding aims to predict a time interval of a video clip corresponding to a natural language query input. In this work, we present EVOQUER, a temporal grounding framework incorporating an existing text-to-video grounding model and a video-assisted query generation network. Given a query and an untrimmed video, the temporal grounding model predicts the target interval, and the predicted video clip is fed into a video translation task by generating a simplified version of the input query. EVOQUER forms closed-loop learning by incorporating loss functions from both temporal grounding and query generation serving as feedback. Our experiments on two widely used datasets, Charades-STA and ActivityNet, show that EVOQUER achieves promising improvements by 1.05 and 1.31 at R@0.7. We also discuss how the query generation task could facilitate error analysis by explaining temporal grounding model behavior.      
### 18.Automatic Portrait Video Matting via Context Motion Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04598.pdf)
>  Automatic portrait video matting is an under-constrained problem. Most state-of-the-art methods only exploit the semantic information and process each frame individually. Their performance is compromised due to the lack of temporal information between the frames. To solve this problem, we propose the context motion network to leverage semantic information and motion information. To capture the motion information, we estimate the optical flow and design a context-motion updating operator to integrate features between frames recurrently. Our experiments show that our network outperforms state-of-the-art matting methods significantly on the Video240K SD dataset.      
### 19.S3G-ARM: Highly Compressive Visual Self-localization from Sequential Semantic Scene Graph Using Absolute and Relative Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04569.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of image sequence-based self-localization (ISS) from a new highly compressive scene representation called sequential semantic scene graph (S3G). Recent developments in deep graph convolutional neural networks (GCNs) have enabled a highly compressive visual place classifier (VPC) that can use a scene graph as the input modality. However, in such a highly compressive application, the amount of information lost in the image-to-graph mapping is significant and can damage the classification performance. To address this issue, we propose a pair of similarity-preserving mappings, image-to-nodes and image-to-edges, such that the nodes and edges act as absolute and relative features, respectively, that complement each other. Moreover, the proposed GCN-VPC is applied to a new task of viewpoint planning (VP) of the query image sequence, which contributes to further improvement in the VPC performance. Experiments using the public NCLT dataset validated the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 20.Is Attention Better Than Matrix Decomposition?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04553.pdf)
>  As an essential ingredient of modern deep learning, attention mechanism, especially self-attention, plays a vital role in the global correlation discovery. However, is hand-crafted attention irreplaceable when modeling the global context? Our intriguing finding is that self-attention is not better than the matrix decomposition (MD) model developed 20 years ago regarding the performance and computational cost for encoding the long-distance dependencies. We model the global context issue as a low-rank recovery problem and show that its optimization algorithms can help design global information blocks. This paper then proposes a series of Hamburgers, in which we employ the optimization algorithms for solving MDs to factorize the input representations into sub-matrices and reconstruct a low-rank embedding. Hamburgers with different MDs can perform favorably against the popular global context module self-attention when carefully coping with gradients back-propagated through MDs. Comprehensive experiments are conducted in the vision tasks where it is crucial to learn the global context, including semantic segmentation and image generation, demonstrating significant improvements over self-attention and its variants.      
### 21.CrowdDriven: A New Challenging Dataset for Outdoor Visual Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04527.pdf)
>  Visual localization is the problem of estimating the position and orientation from which a given image (or a sequence of images) is taken in a known scene. It is an important part of a wide range of computer vision and robotics applications, from self-driving cars to augmented/virtual reality systems. Visual localization techniques should work reliably and robustly under a wide range of conditions, including seasonal, weather, illumination and man-made changes. Recent benchmarking efforts model this by providing images under different conditions, and the community has made rapid progress on these datasets since their inception. However, they are limited to a few geographical regions and often recorded with a single device. We propose a new benchmark for visual localization in outdoor scenes, using crowd-sourced data to cover a wide range of geographical regions and camera devices with a focus on the failure cases of current algorithms. Experiments with state-of-the-art localization approaches show that our dataset is very challenging, with all evaluated methods failing on its hardest parts. As part of the dataset release, we provide the tooling used to generate it, enabling efficient and effective 2D correspondence annotation to obtain reference poses.      
### 22.View Blind-spot as Inpainting: Self-Supervised Denoising with Mask Guided Residual Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04970.pdf)
>  In recent years, self-supervised denoising methods have shown impressive performance, which circumvent painstaking collection procedure of noisy-clean image pairs in supervised denoising methods and boost denoising applicability in real world. One of well-known self-supervised denoising strategies is the blind-spot training scheme. However, a few works attempt to improve blind-spot based self-denoiser in the aspect of network architecture. In this paper, we take an intuitive view of blind-spot strategy and consider its process of using neighbor pixels to predict manipulated pixels as an inpainting process. Therefore, we propose a novel Mask Guided Residual Convolution (MGRConv) into common convolutional neural networks, e.g. U-Net, to promote blind-spot based denoising. Our MGRConv can be regarded as soft partial convolution and find a trade-off among partial convolution, learnable attention maps, and gated convolution. It enables dynamic mask learning with appropriate mask constrain. Different from partial convolution and gated convolution, it provides moderate freedom for network learning. It also avoids leveraging external learnable parameters for mask activation, unlike learnable attention maps. The experiments show that our proposed plug-and-play MGRConv can assist blind-spot based denoising network to reach promising results on both existing single-image based and dataset-based methods.      
### 23.Automatic Displacement and Vibration Measurement in Laboratory Experiments with A Deep Learning Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04960.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a pipeline to automatically track and measure displacement and vibration of structural specimens during laboratory experiments. The latest Mask Regional Convolutional Neural Network (Mask R-CNN) can locate the targets and monitor their movement from videos recorded by a stationary camera. To improve precision and remove the noise, techniques such as Scale-invariant Feature Transform (SIFT) and various filters for signal processing are included. Experiments on three small-scale reinforced concrete beams and a shaking table test are utilized to verify the proposed method. Results show that the proposed deep learning method can achieve the goal to automatically and precisely measure the motion of tested structural members during laboratory experiments.      
### 24.Saliency Guided Experience Packing for Replay in Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04954.pdf)
>  Artificial learning systems aspire to mimic human intelligence by continually learning from a stream of tasks without forgetting past knowledge. One way to enable such learning is to store past experiences in the form of input examples in episodic memory and replay them when learning new tasks. However, performance of such method suffers as the size of the memory becomes smaller. In this paper, we propose a new approach for experience replay, where we select the past experiences by looking at the saliency maps which provide visual explanations for the model's decision. Guided by these saliency maps, we pack the memory with only the parts or patches of the input images important for the model's prediction. While learning a new task, we replay these memory patches with appropriate zero-padding to remind the model about its past decisions. We evaluate our algorithm on diverse image classification datasets and report better performance than the state-of-the-art approaches. With qualitative and quantitative analyses we show that our method captures richer summary of past experiences without any memory increase, and hence performs well with small episodic memory.      
### 25.Resolving gas bubbles ascending in liquid metal from low-SNR neutron radiography images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04883.pdf)
>  We demonstrate a new image processing methodology for resolving gas bubbles travelling through liquid metal from dynamic neutron radiography images with intrinsically low signal-to-noise ratio. Image pre-processing, denoising and bubble segmentation are described in detail, with practical recommendations. Experimental validation is presented - stationary and moving reference bodies with neutron-transparent cavities are radiographed with imaging conditions similar to the cases with bubbles in liquid metal. The new methods are applied to our experimental data from previous and recent imaging campaigns, and the performance of the methods proposed in this paper is compared against our previously developed methods. Significant improvements are observed as well as the capacity to reliably extract physically meaningful information from measurements performed under highly adverse imaging conditions. The showcased image processing solution and separate elements thereof are readily extendable beyond the present application, and have been made open-source.      
### 26.Emerging AI Security Threats for Autonomous Cars -- Case Studies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04865.pdf)
>  Artificial Intelligence has made a significant contribution to autonomous vehicles, from object detection to path planning. However, AI models require a large amount of sensitive training data and are usually computationally intensive to build. The commercial value of such models motivates attackers to mount various attacks. Adversaries can launch model extraction attacks for monetization purposes or step-ping-stone towards other attacks like model evasion. In specific cases, it even results in destroying brand reputation, differentiation, and value proposition. In addition, IP laws and AI-related legalities are still evolving and are not uniform across countries. We discuss model extraction attacks in detail with two use-cases and a generic kill-chain that can compromise autonomous cars. It is essential to investigate strategies to manage and mitigate the risk of model theft.      
### 27.Mesh convolutional neural networks for wall shear stress estimation in 3D artery models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04797.pdf)
>  Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) is a valuable tool for personalised, non-invasive evaluation of hemodynamics in arteries, but its complexity and time-consuming nature prohibit large-scale use in practice. Recently, the use of deep learning for rapid estimation of CFD parameters like wall shear stress (WSS) on surface meshes has been investigated. However, existing approaches typically depend on a hand-crafted re-parametrisation of the surface mesh to match convolutional neural network architectures. In this work, we propose to instead use mesh convolutional neural networks that directly operate on the same finite-element surface mesh as used in CFD. We train and evaluate our method on two datasets of synthetic coronary artery models with and without bifurcation, using a ground truth obtained from CFD simulation. We show that our flexible deep learning model can accurately predict 3D WSS vectors on this surface mesh. Our method processes new meshes in less than 5 [s], consistently achieves a normalised mean absolute error of $\leq$ 1.6 [%], and peaks at 90.5 [%] median approximation accuracy over the held-out test set, comparing favorably to previously published work. This shows the feasibility of CFD surrogate modelling using mesh convolutional neural networks for hemodynamic parameter estimation in artery models.      
### 28.ReconfigISP: Reconfigurable Camera Image Processing Pipeline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04760.pdf)
>  Image Signal Processor (ISP) is a crucial component in digital cameras that transforms sensor signals into images for us to perceive and understand. Existing ISP designs always adopt a fixed architecture, e.g., several sequential modules connected in a rigid order. Such a fixed ISP architecture may be suboptimal for real-world applications, where camera sensors, scenes and tasks are diverse. In this study, we propose a novel Reconfigurable ISP (ReconfigISP) whose architecture and parameters can be automatically tailored to specific data and tasks. In particular, we implement several ISP modules, and enable backpropagation for each module by training a differentiable proxy, hence allowing us to leverage the popular differentiable neural architecture search and effectively search for the optimal ISP architecture. A proxy tuning mechanism is adopted to maintain the accuracy of proxy networks in all cases. Extensive experiments conducted on image restoration and object detection, with different sensors, light conditions and efficiency constraints, validate the effectiveness of ReconfigISP. Only hundreds of parameters need tuning for every task.      
### 29.EfficientCLIP: Efficient Cross-Modal Pre-training by Ensemble Confident Learning and Language Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04699.pdf)
>  While large scale pre-training has achieved great achievements in bridging the gap between vision and language, it still faces several challenges. First, the cost for pre-training is expensive. Second, there is no efficient way to handle the data noise which degrades model performance. Third, previous methods only leverage limited image-text paired data, while ignoring richer single-modal data, which may result in poor generalization to single-modal downstream tasks. In this work, we propose an EfficientCLIP method via Ensemble Confident Learning to obtain a less noisy data subset. Extra rich non-paired single-modal text data is used for boosting the generalization of text branch. We achieve the state-of-the-art performance on Chinese cross-modal retrieval tasks with only 1/10 training resources compared to CLIP and WenLan, while showing excellent generalization to single-modal tasks, including text retrieval and text classification.      
### 30.Per Garment Capture and Synthesis for Real-time Virtual Try-on  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04654.pdf)
>  Virtual try-on is a promising application of computer graphics and human computer interaction that can have a profound real-world impact especially during this pandemic. Existing image-based works try to synthesize a try-on image from a single image of a target garment, but it inherently limits the ability to react to possible interactions. It is difficult to reproduce the change of wrinkles caused by pose and body size change, as well as pulling and stretching of the garment by hand. In this paper, we propose an alternative per garment capture and synthesis workflow to handle such rich interactions by training the model with many systematically captured images. Our workflow is composed of two parts: garment capturing and clothed person image synthesis. We designed an actuated mannequin and an efficient capturing process that collects the detailed deformations of the target garments under diverse body sizes and poses. Furthermore, we proposed to use a custom-designed measurement garment, and we captured paired images of the measurement garment and the target garments. We then learn a mapping between the measurement garment and the target garments using deep image-to-image translation. The customer can then try on the target garments interactively during online shopping.      
### 31.Efficiently Identifying Task Groupings for Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04617.pdf)
>  Multi-task learning can leverage information learned by one task to benefit the training of other tasks. Despite this capacity, naively training all tasks together in one model often degrades performance, and exhaustively searching through combinations of task groupings can be prohibitively expensive. As a result, efficiently identifying the tasks that would benefit from co-training remains a challenging design question without a clear solution. In this paper, we suggest an approach to select which tasks should train together in multi-task learning models. Our method determines task groupings in a single training run by co-training all tasks together and quantifying the effect to which one task's gradient would affect another task's loss. On the large-scale Taskonomy computer vision dataset, we find this method can decrease test loss by 10.0\% compared to simply training all tasks together while operating 11.6 times faster than a state-of-the-art task grouping method.      
### 32.Object recognition for robotics from tactile time series data utilising different neural network architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04573.pdf)
>  Robots need to exploit high-quality information on grasped objects to interact with the physical environment. Haptic data can therefore be used for supplementing the visual modality. This paper investigates the use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) neural network architectures for object classification on Spatio-temporal tactile grasping data. Furthermore, we compared these methods using data from two different fingertip sensors (namely the BioTac SP and WTS-FT) in the same physical setup, allowing for a realistic comparison across methods and sensors for the same tactile object classification dataset. Additionally, we propose a way to create more training examples from the recorded data. The results show that the proposed method improves the maximum accuracy from 82.4% (BioTac SP fingertips) and 90.7% (WTS-FT fingertips) with complete time-series data to about 94% for both sensor types.      
