# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 10 Sep 2021
### 1.Leveraging Local Domains for Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04468.pdf)
>  Image-to-image (i2i) networks struggle to capture local changes because they do not affect the global scene structure. For example, translating from highway scenes to offroad, i2i networks easily focus on global color features but ignore obvious traits for humans like the absence of lane markings. In this paper, we leverage human knowledge about spatial domain characteristics which we refer to as 'local domains' and demonstrate its benefit for image-to-image translation. Relying on a simple geometrical guidance, we train a patch-based GAN on few source data and hallucinate a new unseen domain which subsequently eases transfer learning to target. We experiment on three tasks ranging from unstructured environments to adverse weather. Our comprehensive evaluation setting shows we are able to generate realistic translations, with minimal priors, and training only on a few images. Furthermore, when trained on our translations images we show that all tested proxy tasks are significantly improved, without ever seeing target domain at training.      
### 2.NEAT: Neural Attention Fields for End-to-End Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04456.pdf)
>  Efficient reasoning about the semantic, spatial, and temporal structure of a scene is a crucial prerequisite for autonomous driving. We present NEural ATtention fields (NEAT), a novel representation that enables such reasoning for end-to-end imitation learning models. NEAT is a continuous function which maps locations in Bird's Eye View (BEV) scene coordinates to waypoints and semantics, using intermediate attention maps to iteratively compress high-dimensional 2D image features into a compact representation. This allows our model to selectively attend to relevant regions in the input while ignoring information irrelevant to the driving task, effectively associating the images with the BEV representation. In a new evaluation setting involving adverse environmental conditions and challenging scenarios, NEAT outperforms several strong baselines and achieves driving scores on par with the privileged CARLA expert used to generate its training data. Furthermore, visualizing the attention maps for models with NEAT intermediate representations provides improved interpretability.      
### 3.ConvMLP: Hierarchical Convolutional MLPs for Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04454.pdf)
>  MLP-based architectures, which consist of a sequence of consecutive multi-layer perceptron blocks, have recently been found to reach comparable results to convolutional and transformer-based methods. However, most adopt spatial MLPs which take fixed dimension inputs, therefore making it difficult to apply them to downstream tasks, such as object detection and semantic segmentation. Moreover, single-stage designs further limit performance in other computer vision tasks and fully connected layers bear heavy computation. To tackle these problems, we propose ConvMLP: a hierarchical Convolutional MLP for visual recognition, which is a light-weight, stage-wise, co-design of convolution layers, and MLPs. In particular, ConvMLP-S achieves 76.8% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1k with 9M parameters and 2.4G MACs (15% and 19% of MLP-Mixer-B/16, respectively). Experiments on object detection and semantic segmentation further show that visual representation learned by ConvMLP can be seamlessly transferred and achieve competitive results with fewer parameters. Our code and pre-trained models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SHI-Labs/Convolutional-MLPs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Talk-to-Edit: Fine-Grained Facial Editing via Dialog  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04425.pdf)
>  Facial editing is an important task in vision and graphics with numerous applications. However, existing works are incapable to deliver a continuous and fine-grained editing mode (e.g., editing a slightly smiling face to a big laughing one) with natural interactions with users. In this work, we propose Talk-to-Edit, an interactive facial editing framework that performs fine-grained attribute manipulation through dialog between the user and the system. Our key insight is to model a continual "semantic field" in the GAN latent space. 1) Unlike previous works that regard the editing as traversing straight lines in the latent space, here the fine-grained editing is formulated as finding a curving trajectory that respects fine-grained attribute landscape on the semantic field. 2) The curvature at each step is location-specific and determined by the input image as well as the users' language requests. 3) To engage the users in a meaningful dialog, our system generates language feedback by considering both the user request and the current state of the semantic field. <br>We also contribute CelebA-Dialog, a visual-language facial editing dataset to facilitate large-scale study. Specifically, each image has manually annotated fine-grained attribute annotations as well as template-based textual descriptions in natural language. Extensive quantitative and qualitative experiments demonstrate the superiority of our framework in terms of 1) the smoothness of fine-grained editing, 2) the identity/attribute preservation, and 3) the visual photorealism and dialog fluency. Notably, user study validates that our overall system is consistently favored by around 80% of the participants. Our project page is <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.mmlab-ntu.com/project/talkedit/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.TxT: Crossmodal End-to-End Learning with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04422.pdf)
>  Reasoning over multiple modalities, e.g. in Visual Question Answering (VQA), requires an alignment of semantic concepts across domains. Despite the widespread success of end-to-end learning, today's multimodal pipelines by and large leverage pre-extracted, fixed features from object detectors, typically Faster R-CNN, as representations of the visual world. The obvious downside is that the visual representation is not specifically tuned to the multimodal task at hand. At the same time, while transformer-based object detectors have gained popularity, they have not been employed in today's multimodal pipelines. We address both shortcomings with TxT, a transformer-based crossmodal pipeline that enables fine-tuning both language and visual components on the downstream task in a fully end-to-end manner. We overcome existing limitations of transformer-based detectors for multimodal reasoning regarding the integration of global context and their scalability. Our transformer-based multimodal model achieves considerable gains from end-to-end learning for multimodal question answering.      
### 6.Reconstructing and grounding narrated instructional videos in 3D  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04409.pdf)
>  Narrated instructional videos often show and describe manipulations of similar objects, e.g., repairing a particular model of a car or laptop. In this work we aim to reconstruct such objects and to localize associated narrations in 3D. Contrary to the standard scenario of instance-level 3D reconstruction, where identical objects or scenes are present in all views, objects in different instructional videos may have large appearance variations given varying conditions and versions of the same product. Narrations may also have large variation in natural language expressions. We address these challenges by three contributions. First, we propose an approach for correspondence estimation combining learnt local features and dense flow. Second, we design a two-step divide and conquer reconstruction approach where the initial 3D reconstructions of individual videos are combined into a 3D alignment graph. Finally, we propose an unsupervised approach to ground natural language in obtained 3D reconstructions. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach for the domain of car maintenance. Given raw instructional videos and no manual supervision, our method successfully reconstructs engines of different car models and associates textual descriptions with corresponding objects in 3D.      
### 7.Neural-IMLS: Learning Implicit Moving Least-Squares for Surface Reconstruction from Unoriented Point clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04398.pdf)
>  Surface reconstruction from noisy, non-uniformly, and unoriented point clouds is a fascinating yet difficult problem in computer vision and computer graphics. In this paper, we propose Neural-IMLS, a novel approach that learning noise-resistant signed distance function (SDF) for reconstruction. Instead of explicitly learning priors with the ground-truth signed distance values, our method learns the SDF from raw point clouds directly in a self-supervised fashion by minimizing the loss between the couple of SDFs, one obtained by the implicit moving least-square function (IMLS) and the other by our network. Finally, a watertight and smooth 2-manifold triangle mesh is yielded by running Marching Cubes. We conduct extensive experiments on various benchmarks to demonstrate the performance of Neural-IMLS, especially for point clouds with noise.      
### 8.Copy-Move Image Forgery Detection Based on Evolving Circular Domains Coverage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04381.pdf)
>  The aim of this paper is to improve the accuracy of copy-move forgery detection (CMFD) in image forensics by proposing a novel scheme. The proposed scheme integrates both block-based and keypoint-based forgery detection methods. Firstly, speed-up robust feature (SURF) descriptor in log-polar space and scale invariant feature transform (SIFT) descriptor are extracted from an entire forged image. Secondly, generalized 2 nearest neighbor (g2NN) is employed to get massive matched pairs. Then, random sample consensus (RANSAC) algorithm is employed to filter out mismatched pairs, thus allowing rough localization of the counterfeit areas. To present more accurately these forgery areas more accurately, we propose an efficient and accurate algorithm, evolving circular domains coverage (ECDC), to cover present them. This algorithm aims to find satisfactory threshold areas by extracting block features from jointly evolving circular domains, which are centered on the matched pairs. Finally, morphological operation is applied to refine the detected forgery areas. The experimental results indicate that the proposed CMFD scheme can achieve better detection performance under various attacks compared with other state-of-the-art CMFD schemes.      
### 9.Preservational Learning Improves Self-supervised Medical Image Models by Reconstructing Diverse Contexts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04379.pdf)
>  Preserving maximal information is one of principles of designing self-supervised learning methodologies. To reach this goal, contrastive learning adopts an implicit way which is contrasting image pairs. However, we believe it is not fully optimal to simply use the contrastive estimation for preservation. Moreover, it is necessary and complemental to introduce an explicit solution to preserve more information. From this perspective, we introduce Preservational Learning to reconstruct diverse image contexts in order to preserve more information in learned representations. Together with the contrastive loss, we present Preservational Contrastive Representation Learning (PCRL) for learning self-supervised medical representations. PCRL provides very competitive results under the pretraining-finetuning protocol, outperforming both self-supervised and supervised counterparts in 5 classification/segmentation tasks substantially.      
### 10.IFBiD: Inference-Free Bias Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04374.pdf)
>  This paper is the first to explore an automatic way to detect bias in deep convolutional neural networks by simply looking at their weights. Furthermore, it is also a step towards understanding neural networks and how they work. We show that it is indeed possible to know if a model is biased or not simply by looking at its weights, without the model inference for an specific input. We analyze how bias is encoded in the weights of deep networks through a toy example using the Colored MNIST database and we also provide a realistic case study in gender detection from face images using state-of-the-art methods and experimental resources. To do so, we generated two databases with 36K and 48K biased models each. In the MNIST models we were able to detect whether they presented a strong or low bias with more than 99% accuracy, and we were also able to classify between four levels of bias with more than 70% accuracy. For the face models, we achieved 90% accuracy in distinguishing between models biased towards Asian, Black, or Caucasian ethnicity.      
### 11.UCTransNet: Rethinking the Skip Connections in U-Net from a Channel-wise Perspective with Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04335.pdf)
>  Most recent semantic segmentation methods adopt a U-Net framework with an encoder-decoder architecture. It is still challenging for U-Net with a simple skip connection scheme to model the global multi-scale context: 1) Not each skip connection setting is effective due to the issue of incompatible feature sets of encoder and decoder stage, even some skip connection negatively influence the segmentation performance; 2) The original U-Net is worse than the one without any skip connection on some datasets. Based on our findings, we propose a new segmentation framework, named UCTransNet (with a proposed CTrans module in U-Net), from the channel perspective with attention mechanism. Specifically, the CTrans module is an alternate of the U-Net skip connections, which consists of a sub-module to conduct the multi-scale Channel Cross fusion with Transformer (named CCT) and a sub-module Channel-wise Cross-Attention (named CCA) to guide the fused multi-scale channel-wise information to effectively connect to the decoder features for eliminating the ambiguity. Hence, the proposed connection consisting of the CCT and CCA is able to replace the original skip connection to solve the semantic gaps for an accurate automatic medical image segmentation. The experimental results suggest that our UCTransNet produces more precise segmentation performance and achieves consistent improvements over the state-of-the-art for semantic segmentation across different datasets and conventional architectures involving transformer or U-shaped framework. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/McGregorWwww/UCTransNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Continuous Event-Line Constraint for Closed-Form Velocity Initialization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04313.pdf)
>  Event cameras trigger events asynchronously and independently upon a sufficient change of the logarithmic brightness level. The neuromorphic sensor has several advantages over standard cameras including low latency, absence of motion blur, and high dynamic range. Event cameras are particularly well suited to sense motion dynamics in agile scenarios. We propose the continuous event-line constraint, which relies on a constant-velocity motion assumption as well as trifocal tensor geometry in order to express a relationship between line observations given by event clusters as well as first-order camera dynamics. Our core result is a closed-form solver for up-to-scale linear camera velocity {with known angular velocity}. Nonlinear optimization is adopted to improve the performance of the algorithm. The feasibility of the approach is demonstrated through a careful analysis on both simulated and real data.      
### 13.Deep Hough Voting for Robust Global Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04310.pdf)
>  Point cloud registration is the task of estimating the rigid transformation that aligns a pair of point cloud fragments. We present an efficient and robust framework for pairwise registration of real-world 3D scans, leveraging Hough voting in the 6D transformation parameter space. First, deep geometric features are extracted from a point cloud pair to compute putative correspondences. We then construct a set of triplets of correspondences to cast votes on the 6D Hough space, representing the transformation parameters in sparse tensors. Next, a fully convolutional refinement module is applied to refine the noisy votes. Finally, we identify the consensus among the correspondences from the Hough space, which we use to predict our final transformation parameters. Our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods on 3DMatch and 3DLoMatch benchmarks while achieving comparable performance on KITTI odometry dataset. We further demonstrate the generalizability of our approach by setting a new state-of-the-art on ICL-NUIM dataset, where we integrate our module into a multi-way registration pipeline.      
### 14.Improving Video-Text Retrieval by Multi-Stream Corpus Alignment and Dual Softmax Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04290.pdf)
>  Employing large-scale pre-trained model CLIP to conduct video-text retrieval task (VTR) has become a new trend, which exceeds previous VTR methods. Though, due to the heterogeneity of structures and contents between video and text, previous CLIP-based models are prone to overfitting in the training phase, resulting in relatively poor retrieval performance. In this paper, we propose a multi-stream Corpus Alignment network with single gate Mixture-of-Experts (CAMoE) and a novel Dual Softmax Loss (DSL) to solve the two heterogeneity. The CAMoE employs Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) to extract multi-perspective video representations, including action, entity, scene, etc., then align them with the corresponding part of the text. In this stage, we conduct massive explorations towards the feature extraction module and feature alignment module. DSL is proposed to avoid the one-way optimum-match which occurs in previous contrastive methods. Introducing the intrinsic prior of each pair in a batch, DSL serves as a reviser to correct the similarity matrix and achieves the dual optimal match. DSL is easy to implement with only one-line code but improves significantly. The results show that the proposed CAMoE and DSL are of strong efficiency, and each of them is capable of achieving State-of-The-Art (SOTA) individually on various benchmarks such as MSR-VTT, MSVD, and LSMDC. Further, with both of them, the performance is advanced to a big extend, surpassing the previous SOTA methods for around 4.6\% R@1 in MSR-VTT.      
### 15.Towards Robust Cross-domain Image Understanding with Unsupervised Noise Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04284.pdf)
>  Deep learning models usually require a large amount of labeled data to achieve satisfactory performance. In multimedia analysis, domain adaptation studies the problem of cross-domain knowledge transfer from a label rich source domain to a label scarce target domain, thus potentially alleviates the annotation requirement for deep learning models. However, we find that contemporary domain adaptation methods for cross-domain image understanding perform poorly when source domain is noisy. Weakly Supervised Domain Adaptation (WSDA) studies the domain adaptation problem under the scenario where source data can be noisy. Prior methods on WSDA remove noisy source data and align the marginal distribution across domains without considering the fine-grained semantic structure in the embedding space, which have the problem of class misalignment, e.g., features of cats in the target domain might be mapped near features of dogs in the source domain. In this paper, we propose a novel method, termed Noise Tolerant Domain Adaptation, for WSDA. Specifically, we adopt the cluster assumption and learn cluster discriminatively with class prototypes in the embedding space. We propose to leverage the location information of the data points in the embedding space and model the location information with a Gaussian mixture model to identify noisy source data. We then design a network which incorporates the Gaussian mixture noise model as a sub-module for unsupervised noise removal and propose a novel cluster-level adversarial adaptation method which aligns unlabeled target data with the less noisy class prototypes for mapping the semantic structure across domains. We conduct extensive experiments to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on both general images and medical images from COVID-19 and e-commerce datasets. The results show that our method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art WSDA methods.      
### 16.M5Product: A Multi-modal Pretraining Benchmark for E-commercial Product Downstream Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04275.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim to advance the research of multi-modal pre-training on E-commerce and subsequently contribute a large-scale dataset, named M5Product, which consists of over 6 million multimodal pairs, covering more than 6,000 categories and 5,000 attributes. Generally, existing multi-modal datasets are either limited in scale or modality diversity. Differently, our M5Product is featured from the following aspects. First, the M5Product dataset is 500 times larger than the public multimodal dataset with the same number of modalities and nearly twice larger compared with the largest available text-image cross-modal dataset. Second, the dataset contains rich information of multiple modalities including image, text, table, video and audio, in which each modality can capture different views of semantic information (e.g. category, attributes, affordance, brand, preference) and complements the other. Third, to better accommodate with real-world problems, a few portion of M5Product contains incomplete modality pairs and noises while having the long-tailed distribution, which aligns well with real-world scenarios. Finally, we provide a baseline model M5-MMT that makes the first attempt to integrate the different modality configuration into an unified model for feature fusion to address the great challenge for semantic alignment. We also evaluate various multi-model pre-training state-of-the-arts for benchmarking their capabilities in learning from unlabeled data under the different number of modalities on the M5Product dataset. We conduct extensive experiments on four downstream tasks and provide some interesting findings on these modalities. Our dataset and related code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://xiaodongsuper.github.io/M5Product_dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.IICNet: A Generic Framework for Reversible Image Conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04242.pdf)
>  Reversible image conversion (RIC) aims to build a reversible transformation between specific visual content (e.g., short videos) and an embedding image, where the original content can be restored from the embedding when necessary. This work develops Invertible Image Conversion Net (IICNet) as a generic solution to various RIC tasks due to its strong capacity and task-independent design. Unlike previous encoder-decoder based methods, IICNet maintains a highly invertible structure based on invertible neural networks (INNs) to better preserve the information during conversion. We use a relation module and a channel squeeze layer to improve the INN nonlinearity to extract cross-image relations and the network flexibility, respectively. Experimental results demonstrate that IICNet outperforms the specifically-designed methods on existing RIC tasks and can generalize well to various newly-explored tasks. With our generic IICNet, we no longer need to hand-engineer task-specific embedding networks for rapidly occurring visual content. Our source codes are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/felixcheng97/IICNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Fine-grained Data Distribution Alignment for Post-Training Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04186.pdf)
>  While post-training quantization receives popularity mostly due to its evasion in accessing the original complete training dataset, its poor performance also stems from this limitation. To alleviate this limitation, in this paper, we leverage the synthetic data introduced by zero-shot quantization with calibration dataset and we propose a fine-grained data distribution alignment (FDDA) method to boost the performance of post-training quantization. The method is based on two important properties of batch normalization statistics (BNS) we observed in deep layers of the trained network, i.e., inter-class separation and intra-class incohesion. To preserve this fine-grained distribution information: 1) We calculate the per-class BNS of the calibration dataset as the BNS centers of each class and propose a BNS-centralized loss to force the synthetic data distributions of different classes to be close to their own centers. 2) We add Gaussian noise into the centers to imitate the incohesion and propose a BNS-distorted loss to force the synthetic data distribution of the same class to be close to the distorted centers. By introducing these two fine-grained losses, our method shows the state-of-the-art performance on ImageNet, especially when the first and last layers are quantized to low-bit as well. Our project is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/viperit/FDDA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Towards Transferable Adversarial Attacks on Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04176.pdf)
>  Vision transformers (ViTs) have demonstrated impressive performance on a series of computer vision tasks, yet they still suffer from adversarial examples. In this paper, we posit that adversarial attacks on transformers should be specially tailored for their architecture, jointly considering both patches and self-attention, in order to achieve high transferability. More specifically, we introduce a dual attack framework, which contains a Pay No Attention (PNA) attack and a PatchOut attack, to improve the transferability of adversarial samples across different ViTs. We show that skipping the gradients of attention during backpropagation can generate adversarial examples with high transferability. In addition, adversarial perturbations generated by optimizing randomly sampled subsets of patches at each iteration achieve higher attack success rates than attacks using all patches. We evaluate the transferability of attacks on state-of-the-art ViTs, CNNs and robustly trained CNNs. The results of these experiments demonstrate that the proposed dual attack can greatly boost transferability between ViTs and from ViTs to CNNs. In addition, the proposed method can easily be combined with existing transfer methods to boost performance.      
### 20.Single Image 3D Object Estimation with Primitive Graph Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04153.pdf)
>  Reconstructing 3D object from a single image (RGB or depth) is a fundamental problem in visual scene understanding and yet remains challenging due to its ill-posed nature and complexity in real-world scenes. To address those challenges, we adopt a primitive-based representation for 3D object, and propose a two-stage graph network for primitive-based 3D object estimation, which consists of a sequential proposal module and a graph reasoning module. Given a 2D image, our proposal module first generates a sequence of 3D primitives from input image with local feature attention. Then the graph reasoning module performs joint reasoning on a primitive graph to capture the global shape context for each primitive. Such a framework is capable of taking into account rich geometry and semantic constraints during 3D structure recovery, producing 3D objects with more coherent structure even under challenging viewing conditions. We train the entire graph neural network in a stage-wise strategy and evaluate it on three benchmarks: Pix3D, ModelNet and NYU Depth V2. Extensive experiments show that our approach outperforms the previous state of the arts with a considerable margin.      
### 21.PIMNet: A Parallel, Iterative and Mimicking Network for Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04145.pdf)
>  Nowadays, scene text recognition has attracted more and more attention due to its various applications. Most state-of-the-art methods adopt an encoder-decoder framework with attention mechanism, which generates text autoregressively from left to right. Despite the convincing performance, the speed is limited because of the one-by-one decoding strategy. As opposed to autoregressive models, non-autoregressive models predict the results in parallel with a much shorter inference time, but the accuracy falls behind the autoregressive counterpart considerably. In this paper, we propose a Parallel, Iterative and Mimicking Network (PIMNet) to balance accuracy and efficiency. Specifically, PIMNet adopts a parallel attention mechanism to predict the text faster and an iterative generation mechanism to make the predictions more accurate. In each iteration, the context information is fully explored. To improve learning of the hidden layer, we exploit the mimicking learning in the training phase, where an additional autoregressive decoder is adopted and the parallel decoder mimics the autoregressive decoder with fitting outputs of the hidden layer. With the shared backbone between the two decoders, the proposed PIMNet can be trained end-to-end without pre-training. During inference, the branch of the autoregressive decoder is removed for a faster speed. Extensive experiments on public benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of PIMNet. Our code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Pay20Y/PIMNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Tiny CNN for feature point description for document analysis: approach and dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04134.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of feature points description in the context of document analysis and template matching. Our study shows that the specific training data is required for the task especially if we are to train a lightweight neural network that will be usable on devices with limited computational resources. In this paper, we construct and provide a dataset with a method of training patches retrieval. We prove the effectiveness of this data by training a lightweight neural network and show how it performs in both documents and general patches matching. The training was done on the provided dataset in comparison with HPatches training dataset and for the testing we use HPatches testing framework and two publicly available datasets with various documents pictured on complex backgrounds: MIDV-500 and MIDV-2019.      
### 23.HSMD: An object motion detection algorithm using a Hybrid Spiking Neural Network Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04119.pdf)
>  The detection of moving objects is a trivial task performed by vertebrate retinas, yet a complex computer vision task. Object-motion-sensitive ganglion cells (OMS-GC) are specialised cells in the retina that sense moving objects. OMS-GC take as input continuous signals and produce spike patterns as output, that are transmitted to the Visual Cortex via the optic nerve. The Hybrid Sensitive Motion Detector (HSMD) algorithm proposed in this work enhances the GSOC dynamic background subtraction (DBS) algorithm with a customised 3-layer spiking neural network (SNN) that outputs spiking responses akin to the OMS-GC. The algorithm was compared against existing background subtraction (BS) approaches, available on the OpenCV library, specifically on the 2012 change detection (CDnet2012) and the 2014 change detection (CDnet2014) benchmark datasets. The results show that the HSMD was ranked overall first among the competing approaches and has performed better than all the other algorithms on four of the categories across all the eight test metrics. Furthermore, the HSMD proposed in this paper is the first to use an SNN to enhance an existing state of the art DBS (GSOC) algorithm and the results demonstrate that the SNN provides near real-time performance in realistic applications.      
### 24.Taming Self-Supervised Learning for Presentation Attack Detection: In-Image De-Folding and Out-of-Image De-Mixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04100.pdf)
>  Biometric systems are vulnerable to the Presentation Attacks (PA) performed using various Presentation Attack Instruments (PAIs). Even though there are numerous Presentation Attack Detection (PAD) techniques based on both deep learning and hand-crafted features, the generalization of PAD for unknown PAI is still a challenging problem. The common problem with existing deep learning-based PAD techniques is that they may struggle with local optima, resulting in weak generalization against different PAs. In this work, we propose to use self-supervised learning to find a reasonable initialization against local trap, so as to improve the generalization ability in detecting PAs on the biometric system.The proposed method, denoted as IF-OM, is based on a global-local view coupled with De-Folding and De-Mixing to derive the task-specific representation for PAD.During De-Folding, the proposed technique will learn region-specific features to represent samples in a local pattern by explicitly maximizing cycle consistency. While, De-Mixing drives detectors to obtain the instance-specific features with global information for more comprehensive representation by maximizing topological consistency. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed method can achieve significant improvements in terms of both face and fingerprint PAD in more complicated and hybrid datasets, when compared with the state-of-the-art methods. Specifically, when training in CASIA-FASD and Idiap Replay-Attack, the proposed method can achieve 18.60% Equal Error Rate (EER) in OULU-NPU and MSU-MFSD, exceeding baseline performance by 9.54%. Code will be made publicly available.      
### 25.Learning Cross-Scale Visual Representations for Real-Time Image Geo-Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04087.pdf)
>  Robot localization remains a challenging task in GPS denied environments. State estimation approaches based on local sensors, e.g. cameras or IMUs, are drifting-prone for long-range missions as error accumulates. In this study, we aim to address this problem by localizing image observations in a 2D multi-modal geospatial map. We introduce the cross-scale dataset and a methodology to produce additional data from cross-modality sources. We propose a framework that learns cross-scale visual representations without supervision. Experiments are conducted on data from two different domains, underwater and aerial. In contrast to existing studies in cross-view image geo-localization, our approach a) performs better on smaller-scale multi-modal maps; b) is more computationally efficient for real-time applications; c) can serve directly in concert with state estimation pipelines.      
### 26.Self Supervision to Distillation for Long-Tailed Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04075.pdf)
>  Deep learning has achieved remarkable progress for visual recognition on large-scale balanced datasets but still performs poorly on real-world long-tailed data. Previous methods often adopt class re-balanced training strategies to effectively alleviate the imbalance issue, but might be a risk of over-fitting tail classes. The recent decoupling method overcomes over-fitting issues by using a multi-stage training scheme, yet, it is still incapable of capturing tail class information in the feature learning stage. In this paper, we show that soft label can serve as a powerful solution to incorporate label correlation into a multi-stage training scheme for long-tailed recognition. The intrinsic relation between classes embodied by soft labels turns out to be helpful for long-tailed recognition by transferring knowledge from head to tail classes. <br>Specifically, we propose a conceptually simple yet particularly effective multi-stage training scheme, termed as Self Supervised to Distillation (SSD). This scheme is composed of two parts. First, we introduce a self-distillation framework for long-tailed recognition, which can mine the label relation automatically. Second, we present a new distillation label generation module guided by self-supervision. The distilled labels integrate information from both label and data domains that can model long-tailed distribution effectively. We conduct extensive experiments and our method achieves the state-of-the-art results on three long-tailed recognition benchmarks: ImageNet-LT, CIFAR100-LT and iNaturalist 2018. Our SSD outperforms the strong LWS baseline by from $2.7\%$ to $4.5\%$ on various datasets. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MCG-NJU/SSD-LT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Application of the Singular Spectrum Analysis on electroluminescence images of thin-film photovoltaic modules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04048.pdf)
>  This paper discusses an application of the singular spectrum analysis method (SSA) in the context of electroluminescence (EL) images of thin-film photovoltaic (PV) modules. We propose an EL image decomposition as a sum of three components: global intensity, cell, and aperiodic components. A parametric model of the extracted signal is used to perform several image processing tasks. The cell component is used to identify interconnection lines between PV cells at sub-pixel accuracy, as well as to correct incorrect stitching of EL images. Furthermore, an explicit expression of the cell component signal is used to estimate the inverse characteristic length, a physical parameter related to the resistances in a PV module.      
### 28.ACP++: Action Co-occurrence Priors for Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04047.pdf)
>  A common problem in the task of human-object interaction (HOI) detection is that numerous HOI classes have only a small number of labeled examples, resulting in training sets with a long-tailed distribution. The lack of positive labels can lead to low classification accuracy for these classes. Towards addressing this issue, we observe that there exist natural correlations and anti-correlations among human-object interactions. In this paper, we model the correlations as action co-occurrence matrices and present techniques to learn these priors and leverage them for more effective training, especially on rare classes. The efficacy of our approach is demonstrated experimentally, where the performance of our approach consistently improves over the state-of-the-art methods on both of the two leading HOI detection benchmark datasets, HICO-Det and V-COCO.      
### 29.Multi-Tensor Network Representation for High-Order Tensor Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04022.pdf)
>  This work studies the problem of high-dimensional data (referred to tensors) completion from partially observed samplings. We consider that a tensor is a superposition of multiple low-rank components. In particular, each component can be represented as multilinear connections over several latent factors and naturally mapped to a specific tensor network (TN) topology. In this paper, we propose a fundamental tensor decomposition (TD) framework: Multi-Tensor Network Representation (MTNR), which can be regarded as a linear combination of a range of TD models, e.g., CANDECOMP/PARAFAC (CP) decomposition, Tensor Train (TT), and Tensor Ring (TR). Specifically, MTNR represents a high-order tensor as the addition of multiple TN models, and the topology of each TN is automatically generated instead of manually pre-designed. For the optimization phase, an adaptive topology learning (ATL) algorithm is presented to obtain latent factors of each TN based on a rank incremental strategy and a projection error measurement strategy. In addition, we theoretically establish the fundamental multilinear operations for the tensors with TN representation, and reveal the structural transformation of MTNR to a single TN. Finally, MTNR is applied to a typical task, tensor completion, and two effective algorithms are proposed for the exact recovery of incomplete data based on the Alternating Least Squares (ALS) scheme and Alternating Direction Method of Multiplier (ADMM) framework. Extensive numerical experiments on synthetic data and real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of MTNR compared with the start-of-the-art methods.      
### 30.Modified Supervised Contrastive Learning for Detecting Anomalous Driving Behaviours  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04021.pdf)
>  Detecting distracted driving behaviours is important to reduce millions of deaths and injuries occurring worldwide. Distracted or anomalous driving behaviours are deviations from the 'normal' driving that need to be identified correctly to alert the driver. However, these driving behaviours do not comprise of one specific type of driving style and their distribution can be different during training and testing phases of a classifier. We formulate this problem as a supervised contrastive learning approach to learn a visual representation to detect normal, and seen and unseen anomalous driving behaviours. We made a change to the standard contrastive loss function to adjust the similarity of negative pairs to aid the optimization. Normally, the (self) supervised contrastive framework contains an encoder followed by a projection head, which is omitted during testing phase as the encoding layers are considered to contain general visual representative information. However, we assert that for supervised contrastive learning task, including projection head will be beneficial. We showed our results on a Driver Anomaly Detection dataset that contains 783 minutes of video recordings of normal and anomalous driving behaviours of 31 drivers from various from top and front cameras (both depth and infrared). We also performed an extra step of fine tuning the labels in this dataset. Out of 9 video modalities combinations, our modified contrastive approach improved the ROC AUC on 7 in comparison to the baseline models (from 3.12% to 8.91% for different modalities); the remaining two models also had manual labelling. We performed statistical tests that showed evidence that our modifications perform better than the baseline contrastive models. Finally, the results showed that the fusion of depth and infrared modalities from top and front view achieved the best AUC ROC of 0.9738 and AUC PR of 0.9772.      
### 31.Improving Deep Metric Learning by Divide and Conquer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04003.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning (DML) is a cornerstone of many computer vision applications. It aims at learning a mapping from the input domain to an embedding space, where semantically similar objects are located nearby and dissimilar objects far from another. The target similarity on the training data is defined by user in form of ground-truth class labels. However, while the embedding space learns to mimic the user-provided similarity on the training data, it should also generalize to novel categories not seen during training. Besides user-provided groundtruth training labels, a lot of additional visual factors (such as viewpoint changes or shape peculiarities) exist and imply different notions of similarity between objects, affecting the generalization on the images unseen during training. However, existing approaches usually directly learn a single embedding space on all available training data, struggling to encode all different types of relationships, and do not generalize well. We propose to build a more expressive representation by jointly splitting the embedding space and the data hierarchically into smaller sub-parts. We successively focus on smaller subsets of the training data, reducing its variance and learning a different embedding subspace for each data subset. Moreover, the subspaces are learned jointly to cover not only the intricacies, but the breadth of the data as well. Only after that, we build the final embedding from the subspaces in the conquering stage. The proposed algorithm acts as a transparent wrapper that can be placed around arbitrary existing DML methods. Our approach significantly improves upon the state-of-the-art on image retrieval, clustering, and re-identification tasks evaluated using CUB200-2011, CARS196, Stanford Online Products, In-shop Clothes, and PKU VehicleID datasets.      
### 32.Improving Building Segmentation for Off-Nadir Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03961.pdf)
>  Automatic building segmentation is an important task for satellite imagery analysis and scene understanding. Most existing segmentation methods focus on the case where the images are taken from directly overhead (i.e., low off-nadir/viewing angle). These methods often fail to provide accurate results on satellite images with larger off-nadir angles due to the higher noise level and lower spatial resolution. In this paper, we propose a method that is able to provide accurate building segmentation for satellite imagery captured from a large range of off-nadir angles. Based on Bayesian deep learning, we explicitly design our method to learn the data noise via aleatoric and epistemic uncertainty modeling. Satellite image metadata (e.g., off-nadir angle and ground sample distance) is also used in our model to further improve the result. We show that with uncertainty modeling and metadata injection, our method achieves better performance than the baseline method, especially for noisy images taken from large off-nadir angles.      
### 33.Automated LoD-2 Model Reconstruction from Very-HighResolution Satellite-derived Digital Surface Model and Orthophoto  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03876.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a model-driven method that reconstructs LoD-2 building models following a "decomposition-optimization-fitting" paradigm. The proposed method starts building detection results through a deep learning-based detector and vectorizes individual segments into polygons using a "three-step" polygon extraction method, followed by a novel grid-based decomposition method that decomposes the complex and irregularly shaped building polygons to tightly combined elementary building rectangles ready to fit elementary building models. We have optionally introduced OpenStreetMap (OSM) and Graph-Cut (GC) labeling to further refine the orientation of 2D building rectangle. The 3D modeling step takes building-specific parameters such as hip lines, as well as non-rigid and regularized transformations to optimize the flexibility for using a minimal set of elementary models. Finally, roof type of building models s refined and adjacent building models in one building segment are merged into the complex polygonal model. Our proposed method has addressed a few technical caveats over existing methods, resulting in practically high-quality results, based on our evaluation and comparative study on a diverse set of experimental datasets of cities with different urban patterns.      
### 34.OSSR-PID: One-Shot Symbol Recognition in P&amp;ID Sheets using Path Sampling and GCN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03849.pdf)
>  Piping and Instrumentation Diagrams (P&amp;ID) are ubiquitous in several manufacturing, oil and gas enterprises for representing engineering schematics and equipment layout. There is an urgent need to extract and digitize information from P&amp;IDs without the cost of annotating a varying set of symbols for each new use case. A robust one-shot learning approach for symbol recognition i.e., localization followed by classification, would therefore go a long way towards this goal. Our method works by sampling pixels sequentially along the different contour boundaries in the image. These sampled points form paths which are used in the prototypical line diagram to construct a graph that captures the structure of the contours. Subsequently, the prototypical graphs are fed into a Dynamic Graph Convolutional Neural Network (DGCNN) which is trained to classify graphs into one of the given symbol classes. Further, we append embeddings from a Resnet-34 network which is trained on symbol images containing sampled points to make the classification network more robust. Since, many symbols in P&amp;ID are structurally very similar to each other, we utilize Arcface loss during DGCNN training which helps in maximizing symbol class separability by producing highly discriminative embeddings. The images consist of components attached on the pipeline (straight line). The sampled points segregated around the symbol regions are used for the classification task. The proposed pipeline, named OSSR-PID, is fast and gives outstanding performance for recognition of symbols on a synthetic dataset of 100 P&amp;ID diagrams. We also compare our method against prior-work on a real-world private dataset of 12 P&amp;ID sheets and obtain comparable/superior results. Remarkably, it is able to achieve such excellent performance using only one prototypical example per symbol.      
### 35.Vision-and-Language or Vision-for-Language? On Cross-Modal Influence in Multimodal Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04448.pdf)
>  Pretrained vision-and-language BERTs aim to learn representations that combine information from both modalities. We propose a diagnostic method based on cross-modal input ablation to assess the extent to which these models actually integrate cross-modal information. This method involves ablating inputs from one modality, either entirely or selectively based on cross-modal grounding alignments, and evaluating the model prediction performance on the other modality. Model performance is measured by modality-specific tasks that mirror the model pretraining objectives (e.g. masked language modelling for text). Models that have learned to construct cross-modal representations using both modalities are expected to perform worse when inputs are missing from a modality. We find that recently proposed models have much greater relative difficulty predicting text when visual information is ablated, compared to predicting visual object categories when text is ablated, indicating that these models are not symmetrically cross-modal.      
### 36.Fair Conformal Predictors for Applications in Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04392.pdf)
>  Deep learning has the potential to augment many components of the clinical workflow, such as medical image interpretation. However, the translation of these black box algorithms into clinical practice has been marred by the relative lack of transparency compared to conventional machine learning methods, hindering in clinician trust in the systems for critical medical decision-making. Specifically, common deep learning approaches do not have intuitive ways of expressing uncertainty with respect to cases that might require further human review. Furthermore, the possibility of algorithmic bias has caused hesitancy regarding the use of developed algorithms in clinical settings. To these ends, we explore how conformal methods can complement deep learning models by providing both clinically intuitive way (by means of confidence prediction sets) of expressing model uncertainty as well as facilitating model transparency in clinical workflows. In this paper, we conduct a field survey with clinicians to assess clinical use-cases of conformal predictions. Next, we conduct experiments with a mammographic breast density and dermatology photography datasets to demonstrate the utility of conformal predictions in "rule-in" and "rule-out" disease scenarios. Further, we show that conformal predictors can be used to equalize coverage with respect to patient demographics such as race and skin tone. We find that a conformal predictions to be a promising framework with potential to increase clinical usability and transparency for better collaboration between deep learning algorithms and clinicians.      
### 37.ErfAct: Non-monotonic smooth trainable Activation Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04386.pdf)
>  An activation function is a crucial component of a neural network that introduces non-linearity in the network. The state-of-the-art performance of a neural network depends on the perfect choice of an activation function. We propose two novel non-monotonic smooth trainable activation functions, called ErfAct-1 and ErfAct-2. Experiments suggest that the proposed functions improve the network performance significantly compared to the widely used activations like ReLU, Swish, and Mish. Replacing ReLU by ErfAct-1 and ErfAct-2, we have 5.21% and 5.04% improvement for top-1 accuracy on PreactResNet-34 network in CIFAR100 dataset, 2.58% and 2.76% improvement for top-1 accuracy on PreactResNet-34 network in CIFAR10 dataset, 1.0%, and 1.0% improvement on mean average precision (mAP) on SSD300 model in Pascal VOC dataset.      
### 38.Dynamic Modeling of Hand-Object Interactions via Tactile Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04378.pdf)
>  Tactile sensing is critical for humans to perform everyday tasks. While significant progress has been made in analyzing object grasping from vision, it remains unclear how we can utilize tactile sensing to reason about and model the dynamics of hand-object interactions. In this work, we employ a high-resolution tactile glove to perform four different interactive activities on a diversified set of objects. We build our model on a cross-modal learning framework and generate the labels using a visual processing pipeline to supervise the tactile model, which can then be used on its own during the test time. The tactile model aims to predict the 3d locations of both the hand and the object purely from the touch data by combining a predictive model and a contrastive learning module. This framework can reason about the interaction patterns from the tactile data, hallucinate the changes in the environment, estimate the uncertainty of the prediction, and generalize to unseen objects. We also provide detailed ablation studies regarding different system designs as well as visualizations of the predicted trajectories. This work takes a step on dynamics modeling in hand-object interactions from dense tactile sensing, which opens the door for future applications in activity learning, human-computer interactions, and imitation learning for robotics.      
### 39.PhysGNN: A Physics-Driven Graph Neural Network Based Model for Predicting Soft Tissue Deformation in Image-Guided Neurosurgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04352.pdf)
>  Correctly capturing intraoperative brain shift in image-guided neurosurgical procedures is a critical task for aligning preoperative data with intraoperative geometry, ensuring effective surgical navigation and optimal surgical precision. While the finite element method (FEM) is a proven technique to effectively approximate soft tissue deformation through biomechanical formulations, their degree of success boils down to a trade-off between accuracy and speed. To circumvent this problem, the most recent works in this domain have proposed leveraging data-driven models obtained by training various machine learning algorithms, e.g. random forests, artificial neural networks (ANNs), with the results of finite element analysis (FEA) to speed up tissue deformation approximations by prediction. These methods, however, do not account for the structure of the finite element (FE) mesh during training that provides information on node connectivities as well as the distance between them, which can aid with approximating tissue deformation based on the proximity of force load points with the rest of the mesh nodes. Therefore, this work proposes a novel framework, PhysGNN, a data-driven model that approximates the solution of FEA by leveraging graph neural networks (GNNs), which are capable of accounting for the mesh structural information and inductive learning over unstructured grids and complex topological structures. Empirically, we demonstrate that the proposed architecture, PhysGNN, promises accurate and fast soft tissue deformation approximations while remaining computationally feasible, suitable for neurosurgical settings.      
### 40.Energy Attack: On Transferring Adversarial Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04300.pdf)
>  In this work we propose Energy Attack, a transfer-based black-box $L_\infty$-adversarial attack. The attack is parameter-free and does not require gradient approximation. In particular, we first obtain white-box adversarial perturbations of a surrogate model and divide these perturbations into small patches. Then we extract the unit component vectors and eigenvalues of these patches with principal component analysis (PCA). Base on the eigenvalues, we can model the energy distribution of adversarial perturbations. We then perform black-box attacks by sampling from the perturbation patches according to their energy distribution, and tiling the sampled patches to form a full-size adversarial perturbation. This can be done without the available access to victim models. Extensive experiments well demonstrate that the proposed Energy Attack achieves state-of-the-art performance in black-box attacks on various models and several datasets. Moreover, the extracted distribution is able to transfer among different model architectures and different datasets, and is therefore intrinsic to vision architectures.      
### 41.Energy-Efficient Mobile Robot Control via Run-time Monitoring of Environmental Complexity and Computing Workload  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04285.pdf)
>  We propose an energy-efficient controller to minimize the energy consumption of a mobile robot by dynamically manipulating the mechanical and computational actuators of the robot. The mobile robot performs real-time vision-based applications based on an event-based camera. The actuators of the controller are CPU voltage/frequency for the computation part and motor voltage for the mechanical part. We show that independently considering speed control of the robot and voltage/frequency control of the CPU does not necessarily result in an energy-efficient solution. In fact, to obtain the highest efficiency, the computation and mechanical parts should be controlled together in synergy. We propose a fast hill-climbing optimization algorithm to allow the controller to find the best CPU/motor configuration at run-time and whenever the mobile robot is facing a new environment during its travel. Experimental results on a robot with Brushless DC Motors, Jetson TX2 board as the computing unit, and a DAVIS-346 event-based camera show that the proposed control algorithm can save battery energy by an average of 50.5%, 41%, and 30%, in low-complexity, medium-complexity, and high-complexity environments, over baselines.      
### 42.IMG2SMI: Translating Molecular Structure Images to Simplified Molecular-input Line-entry System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04202.pdf)
>  Like many scientific fields, new chemistry literature has grown at a staggering pace, with thousands of papers released every month. A large portion of chemistry literature focuses on new molecules and reactions between molecules. Most vital information is conveyed through 2-D images of molecules, representing the underlying molecules or reactions described. In order to ensure reproducible and machine-readable molecule representations, text-based molecule descriptors like SMILES and SELFIES were created. These text-based molecule representations provide molecule generation but are unfortunately rarely present in published literature. In the absence of molecule descriptors, the generation of molecule descriptors from the 2-D images present in the literature is necessary to understand chemistry literature at scale. Successful methods such as Optical Structure Recognition Application (OSRA), and ChemSchematicResolver are able to extract the locations of molecules structures in chemistry papers and infer molecular descriptions and reactions. While effective, existing systems expect chemists to correct outputs, making them unsuitable for unsupervised large-scale data mining. Leveraging the task formulation of image captioning introduced by DECIMER, we introduce IMG2SMI, a model which leverages Deep Residual Networks for image feature extraction and an encoder-decoder Transformer layers for molecule description generation. Unlike previous Neural Network-based systems, IMG2SMI builds around the task of molecule description generation, which enables IMG2SMI to outperform OSRA-based systems by 163% in molecule similarity prediction as measured by the molecular MACCS Fingerprint Tanimoto Similarity. Additionally, to facilitate further research on this task, we release a new molecule prediction dataset. including 81 million molecules for molecule description generation      
### 43.Towards Fully Automated Segmentation of Rat Cardiac MRI by Leveraging Deep Learning Frameworks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04188.pdf)
>  Automated segmentation of human cardiac magnetic resonance datasets has been steadily improving during recent years. However, these methods are not directly applicable in preclinical context due to limited datasets and lower image resolution. Successful application of deep architectures for rat cardiac segmentation, although of critical importance for preclinical evaluation of cardiac function, has to our knowledge not yet been reported. We developed segmentation models that expand on the standard U-Net architecture and evaluated separate models for systole and diastole phases, 2MSA, and one model for all timepoints, 1MSA. Furthermore, we calibrated model outputs using a Gaussian Process (GP)-based prior to improve phase selection. Resulting models approach human performance in terms of left ventricular segmentation quality and ejection fraction (EF) estimation in both 1MSA and 2MSA settings (Srensen-Dice score 0.91 +/- 0.072 and 0.93 +/- 0.032, respectively). 2MSA achieved a mean absolute difference between estimated and reference EF of 3.5 +/- 2.5 %, while 1MSA resulted in 4.1 +/- 3.0 %. Applying Gaussian Processes to 1MSA allows to automate the selection of systole and diastole phases. Combined with a novel cardiac phase selection strategy, our work presents an important first step towards a fully automated segmentation pipeline in the context of rat cardiac analysis.      
### 44.Multilingual Audio-Visual Smartphone Dataset And Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04138.pdf)
>  Smartphones have been employed with biometric-based verification systems to provide security in highly sensitive applications. Audio-visual biometrics are getting popular due to the usability and also it will be challenging to spoof because of multi-modal nature. In this work, we present an audio-visual smartphone dataset captured in five different recent smartphones. This new dataset contains 103 subjects captured in three different sessions considering the different real-world scenarios. Three different languages are acquired in this dataset to include the problem of language dependency of the speaker recognition systems. These unique characteristics of this dataset will pave the way to implement novel state-of-the-art unimodal or audio-visual speaker recognition systems. We also report the performance of the bench-marked biometric verification systems on our dataset. The robustness of biometric algorithms is evaluated towards multiple dependencies like signal noise, device, language and presentation attacks like replay and synthesized signals with extensive experiments. The obtained results raised many concerns about the generalization properties of state-of-the-art biometrics methods in smartphones.      
### 45.SORNet: Spatial Object-Centric Representations for Sequential Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.03891.pdf)
>  Sequential manipulation tasks require a robot to perceive the state of an environment and plan a sequence of actions leading to a desired goal state, where the ability to reason about spatial relationships among object entities from raw sensor inputs is crucial. Prior works relying on explicit state estimation or end-to-end learning struggle with novel objects. In this work, we propose SORNet (Spatial Object-Centric Representation Network), which extracts object-centric representations from RGB images conditioned on canonical views of the objects of interest. We show that the object embeddings learned by SORNet generalize zero-shot to unseen object entities on three spatial reasoning tasks: spatial relationship classification, skill precondition classification and relative direction regression, significantly outperforming baselines. Further, we present real-world robotic experiments demonstrating the usage of the learned object embeddings in task planning for sequential manipulation.      
