# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 20 Jul 2022
### 1.ShapeCrafter: A Recursive Text-Conditioned 3D Shape Generation Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09446.pdf)
>  We present ShapeCrafter, a neural network for recursive text-conditioned 3D shape generation. Existing methods to generate text-conditioned 3D shapes consume an entire text prompt to generate a 3D shape in a single step. However, humans tend to describe shapes recursively-we may start with an initial description and progressively add details based on intermediate results. To capture this recursive process, we introduce a method to generate a 3D shape distribution, conditioned on an initial phrase, that gradually evolves as more phrases are added. Since existing datasets are insufficient for training this approach, we present Text2Shape++, a large dataset of 369K shape-text pairs that supports recursive shape generation. To capture local details that are often used to refine shape descriptions, we build on top of vector-quantized deep implicit functions that generate a distribution of high-quality shapes. Results show that our method can generate shapes consistent with text descriptions, and shapes evolve gradually as more phrases are added. Our method supports shape editing, extrapolation, and can enable new applications in human-machine collaboration for creative design.      
### 2.PoserNet: Refining Relative Camera Poses Exploiting Object Detections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09445.pdf)
>  The estimation of the camera poses associated with a set of images commonly relies on feature matches between the images. In contrast, we are the first to address this challenge by using objectness regions to guide the pose estimation problem rather than explicit semantic object detections. We propose Pose Refiner Network (PoserNet) a light-weight Graph Neural Network to refine the approximate pair-wise relative camera poses. PoserNet exploits associations between the objectness regions - concisely expressed as bounding boxes - across multiple views to globally refine sparsely connected view graphs. We evaluate on the 7-Scenes dataset across varied sizes of graphs and show how this process can be beneficial to optimisation-based Motion Averaging algorithms improving the median error on the rotation by 62 degrees with respect to the initial estimates obtained based on bounding boxes. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IIT-PAVIS/PoserNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Geometric Features Informed Multi-person Human-object Interaction Recognition in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09425.pdf)
>  Human-Object Interaction (HOI) recognition in videos is important for analyzing human activity. Most existing work focusing on visual features usually suffer from occlusion in the real-world scenarios. Such a problem will be further complicated when multiple people and objects are involved in HOIs. Consider that geometric features such as human pose and object position provide meaningful information to understand HOIs, we argue to combine the benefits of both visual and geometric features in HOI recognition, and propose a novel Two-level Geometric feature-informed Graph Convolutional Network (2G-GCN). The geometric-level graph models the interdependency between geometric features of humans and objects, while the fusion-level graph further fuses them with visual features of humans and objects. To demonstrate the novelty and effectiveness of our method in challenging scenarios, we propose a new multi-person HOI dataset (MPHOI-72). Extensive experiments on MPHOI-72 (multi-person HOI), CAD-120 (single-human HOI) and Bimanual Actions (two-hand HOI) datasets demonstrate our superior performance compared to state-of-the-arts.      
### 4.Det6D: A Ground-Aware Full-Pose 3D Object Detector for Improving Terrain Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09412.pdf)
>  Accurate 3D object detection with LiDAR is critical for autonomous driving. Existing research is all based on the flat-world assumption. However, the actual road can be complex with steep sections, which breaks the premise. Current methods suffer from performance degradation in this case due to difficulty correctly detecting objects on sloped terrain. In this work, we propose Det6D, the first full-degree-of-freedom 3D object detector without spatial and postural limitations, to improve terrain robustness. We choose the point-based framework by founding their capability of detecting objects in the entire spatial range. To predict full-degree poses, including pitch and roll, we design a ground-aware orientation branch that leverages the local ground constraints. Given the difficulty of long-tail non-flat scene data collection and 6D pose annotation, we present Slope-Aug, a data augmentation method for synthesizing non-flat terrain from existing datasets recorded in flat scenes. Experiments on various datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of our method in different terrains. We further conducted an extended experiment to explore how the network predicts the two extra poses. The proposed modules are plug-and-play for existing point-based frameworks. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HITSZ-NRSL/De6D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.RCLane: Relay Chain Prediction for Lane Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09399.pdf)
>  Lane detection is an important component of many real-world autonomous systems. Despite a wide variety of lane detection approaches have been proposed, reporting steady benchmark improvements over time, lane detection remains a largely unsolved problem. This is because most of the existing lane detection methods either treat the lane detection as a dense prediction or a detection task, few of them consider the unique topologies (Y-shape, Fork-shape, nearly horizontal lane) of the lane markers, which leads to sub-optimal solution. In this paper, we present a new method for lane detection based on relay chain prediction. Specifically, our model predicts a segmentation map to classify the foreground and background region. For each pixel point in the foreground region, we go through the forward branch and backward branch to recover the whole lane. Each branch decodes a transfer map and a distance map to produce the direction moving to the next point, and how many steps to progressively predict a relay station (next point). As such, our model is able to capture the keypoints along the lanes. Despite its simplicity, our strategy allows us to establish new state-of-the-art on four major benchmarks including TuSimple, CULane, CurveLanes and LLAMAS.      
### 6.Emotion Recognition based on Multi-Task Learning Framework in the ABAW4 Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09373.pdf)
>  This paper presents our submission to the Multi-Task Learning (MTL) Challenge of the 4th Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) competition. Based on visual feature representations, we utilize three types of temporal encoder to capture the temporal context information in the video, including the transformer based encoder, LSTM based encoder and GRU based encoder. With the temporal context-aware representations, we employ multi-task framework to predict the valence, arousal, expression and AU values of the images. In addition, smoothing processing is applied to refine the initial valence and arousal predictions, and a model ensemble strategy is used to combine multiple results from different model setups. Our system achieves the performance of $1.742$ on MTL Challenge validation dataset.      
### 7.Cycle Encoding of a StyleGAN Encoder for Improved Reconstruction and Editability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09367.pdf)
>  GAN inversion aims to invert an input image into the latent space of a pre-trained GAN. Despite the recent advances in GAN inversion, there remain challenges to mitigate the tradeoff between distortion and editability, i.e. reconstructing the input image accurately and editing the inverted image with a small visual quality drop. The recently proposed pivotal tuning model makes significant progress towards reconstruction and editability, by using a two-step approach that first inverts the input image into a latent code, called pivot code, and then alters the generator so that the input image can be accurately mapped into the pivot code. Here, we show that both reconstruction and editability can be improved by a proper design of the pivot code. We present a simple yet effective method, named cycle encoding, for a high-quality pivot code. The key idea of our method is to progressively train an encoder in varying spaces according to a cycle scheme: W-&gt;W+-&gt;W. This training methodology preserves the properties of both W and W+ spaces, i.e. high editability of W and low distortion of W+. To further decrease the distortion, we also propose to refine the pivot code with an optimization-based method, where a regularization term is introduced to reduce the degradation in editability. Qualitative and quantitative comparisons to several state-of-the-art methods demonstrate the superiority of our approach.      
### 8.Computer Vision to the Rescue: Infant Postural Symmetry Estimation from Incongruent Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09352.pdf)
>  Bilateral postural symmetry plays a key role as a potential risk marker for autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and as a symptom of congenital muscular torticollis (CMT) in infants, but current methods of assessing symmetry require laborious clinical expert assessments. In this paper, we develop a computer vision based infant symmetry assessment system, leveraging 3D human pose estimation for infants. Evaluation and calibration of our system against ground truth assessments is complicated by our findings from a survey of human ratings of angle and symmetry, that such ratings exhibit low inter-rater reliability. To rectify this, we develop a Bayesian estimator of the ground truth derived from a probabilistic graphical model of fallible human raters. We show that the 3D infant pose estimation model can achieve 68% area under the receiver operating characteristic curve performance in predicting the Bayesian aggregate labels, compared to only 61% from a 2D infant pose estimation model and 60% from a 3D adult pose estimation model, highlighting the importance of 3D poses and infant domain knowledge in assessing infant body symmetry. Our survey analysis also suggests that human ratings are susceptible to higher levels of bias and inconsistency, and hence our final 3D pose-based symmetry assessment system is calibrated but not directly supervised by Bayesian aggregate human ratings, yielding higher levels of consistency and lower levels of inter-limb assessment bias.      
### 9.Visual Representation Learning with Transformer: A Sequence-to-Sequence Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09339.pdf)
>  Visual representation learning is the key of solving various vision problems. Relying on the seminal grid structure priors, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been the de facto standard architectures of most deep vision models. For instance, classical semantic segmentation methods often adopt a fully-convolutional network (FCN) with an encoder-decoder architecture. The encoder progressively reduces the spatial resolution and learns more abstract visual concepts with larger receptive fields. Since context modeling is critical for segmentation, the latest efforts have been focused on increasing the receptive field, through either dilated (i.e., atrous) convolutions or inserting attention modules. However, the FCN-based architecture remains unchanged. In this paper, we aim to provide an alternative perspective by treating visual representation learning generally as a sequence-to-sequence prediction task. Specifically, we deploy a pure Transformer to encode an image as a sequence of patches, without local convolution and resolution reduction. With the global context modeled in every layer of the Transformer, stronger visual representation can be learned for better tackling vision tasks. In particular, our segmentation model, termed as SEgmentation TRansformer (SETR), excels on ADE20K (50.28% mIoU, the first position in the test leaderboard on the day of submission), Pascal Context (55.83% mIoU) and reaches competitive results on Cityscapes. Further, we formulate a family of Hierarchical Local-Global (HLG) Transformers characterized by local attention within windows and global-attention across windows in a hierarchical and pyramidal architecture. Extensive experiments show that our method achieves appealing performance on a variety of visual recognition tasks (e.g., image classification, object detection and instance segmentation and semantic segmentation).      
### 10.Rethinking IoU-based Optimization for Single-stage 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09332.pdf)
>  Since Intersection-over-Union (IoU) based optimization maintains the consistency of the final IoU prediction metric and losses, it has been widely used in both regression and classification branches of single-stage 2D object detectors. Recently, several 3D object detection methods adopt IoU-based optimization and directly replace the 2D IoU with 3D IoU. However, such a direct computation in 3D is very costly due to the complex implementation and inefficient backward operations. Moreover, 3D IoU-based optimization is sub-optimal as it is sensitive to rotation and thus can cause training instability and detection performance deterioration. In this paper, we propose a novel Rotation-Decoupled IoU (RDIoU) method that can mitigate the rotation-sensitivity issue, and produce more efficient optimization objectives compared with 3D IoU during the training stage. Specifically, our RDIoU simplifies the complex interactions of regression parameters by decoupling the rotation variable as an independent term, yet preserving the geometry of 3D IoU. By incorporating RDIoU into both the regression and classification branches, the network is encouraged to learn more precise bounding boxes and concurrently overcome the misalignment issue between classification and regression. Extensive experiments on the benchmark KITTI and Waymo Open Dataset validate that our RDIoU method can bring substantial improvement for the single-stage 3D object detection.      
### 11.Content-aware Scalable Deep Compressed Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09313.pdf)
>  To more efficiently address image compressed sensing (CS) problems, we present a novel content-aware scalable network dubbed CASNet which collectively achieves adaptive sampling rate allocation, fine granular scalability and high-quality reconstruction. We first adopt a data-driven saliency detector to evaluate the importances of different image regions and propose a saliency-based block ratio aggregation (BRA) strategy for sampling rate allocation. A unified learnable generating matrix is then developed to produce sampling matrix of any CS ratio with an ordered structure. Being equipped with the optimization-inspired recovery subnet guided by saliency information and a multi-block training scheme preventing blocking artifacts, CASNet jointly reconstructs the image blocks sampled at various sampling rates with one single model. To accelerate training convergence and improve network robustness, we propose an SVD-based initialization scheme and a random transformation enhancement (RTE) strategy, which are extensible without introducing extra parameters. All the CASNet components can be combined and learned end-to-end. We further provide a four-stage implementation for evaluation and practical deployments. Experiments demonstrate that CASNet outperforms other CS networks by a large margin, validating the collaboration and mutual supports among its components and strategies. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Guaishou74851/CASNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.DH-AUG: DH Forward Kinematics Model Driven Augmentation for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09303.pdf)
>  Due to the lack of diversity of datasets, the generalization ability of the pose estimator is poor. To solve this problem, we propose a pose augmentation solution via DH forward kinematics model, which we call DH-AUG. We observe that the previous work is all based on single-frame pose augmentation, if it is directly applied to video pose estimator, there will be several previously ignored problems: (i) angle ambiguity in bone rotation (multiple solutions); (ii) the generated skeleton video lacks movement continuity. To solve these problems, we propose a special generator based on DH forward kinematics model, which is called DH-generator. Extensive experiments demonstrate that DH-AUG can greatly increase the generalization ability of the video pose estimator. In addition, when applied to a single-frame 3D pose estimator, our method outperforms the previous best pose augmentation method. The source code has been released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hlz0606/DH-AUG-DH-Forward-Kinematics-Model-Driven-Augmentation-for-3D-Human-Pose-Estimation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Deep Semantic Statistics Matching (D2SM) Denoising Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09302.pdf)
>  The ultimate aim of image restoration like denoising is to find an exact correlation between the noisy and clear image domains. But the optimization of end-to-end denoising learning like pixel-wise losses is performed in a sample-to-sample manner, which ignores the intrinsic correlation of images, especially semantics. In this paper, we introduce the Deep Semantic Statistics Matching (D2SM) Denoising Network. It exploits semantic features of pretrained classification networks, then it implicitly matches the probabilistic distribution of clear images at the semantic feature space. By learning to preserve the semantic distribution of denoised images, we empirically find our method significantly improves the denoising capabilities of networks, and the denoised results can be better understood by high-level vision tasks. Comprehensive experiments conducted on the noisy Cityscapes dataset demonstrate the superiority of our method on both the denoising performance and semantic segmentation accuracy. Moreover, the performance improvement observed on our extended tasks including super-resolution and dehazing experiments shows its potentiality as a new general plug-and-play component.      
### 14.The Caltech Fish Counting Dataset: A Benchmark for Multiple-Object Tracking and Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09295.pdf)
>  We present the Caltech Fish Counting Dataset (CFC), a large-scale dataset for detecting, tracking, and counting fish in sonar videos. We identify sonar videos as a rich source of data for advancing low signal-to-noise computer vision applications and tackling domain generalization in multiple-object tracking (MOT) and counting. In comparison to existing MOT and counting datasets, which are largely restricted to videos of people and vehicles in cities, CFC is sourced from a natural-world domain where targets are not easily resolvable and appearance features cannot be easily leveraged for target re-identification. With over half a million annotations in over 1,500 videos sourced from seven different sonar cameras, CFC allows researchers to train MOT and counting algorithms and evaluate generalization performance at unseen test locations. We perform extensive baseline experiments and identify key challenges and opportunities for advancing the state of the art in generalization in MOT and counting.      
### 15.3D Room Layout Estimation from a Cubemap of Panorama Image via Deep Manhattan Hough Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09291.pdf)
>  Significant geometric structures can be compactly described by global wireframes in the estimation of 3D room layout from a single panoramic image. Based on this observation, we present an alternative approach to estimate the walls in 3D space by modeling long-range geometric patterns in a learnable Hough Transform block. We transform the image feature from a cubemap tile to the Hough space of a Manhattan world and directly map the feature to the geometric output. The convolutional layers not only learn the local gradient-like line features, but also utilize the global information to successfully predict occluded walls with a simple network structure. Unlike most previous work, the predictions are performed individually on each cubemap tile, and then assembled to get the layout estimation. Experimental results show that we achieve comparable results with recent state-of-the-art in prediction accuracy and performance. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Starrah/DMH-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Exploiting Inter-Sample Affinity for Knowability-Aware Universal Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09280.pdf)
>  Universal domain adaptation (UDA) aims to transfer the knowledge of common classes from source domain to target domain without any prior knowledge on the label set, which requires to distinguish the unknown samples from the known ones in the target domain. Recent methods preferred to increase the inter-sample affinity within a known class, while they ignored the inter-sample affinity between the unknown samples and the known ones. This paper reveals that exploiting such inter-sample affinity can significantly improve the performance of UDA and proposes a knowability-aware UDA framework based on it. First, we estimate the knowability of each target sample by searching its neighboring samples in the source domain. Then, we propose an auto-thresholding scheme applied to the estimated knowability to determine whether a target sample is unknown or known. Next, in addition to increasing the inter-sample affinity within each known class like previous methods, we design new losses based on the estimated knowability to reduce the inter-sample affinity between the unknown target samples and the known ones. Finally, experiments on four public datasets demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 17.Action Quality Assessment with Temporal Parsing Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09270.pdf)
>  Action Quality Assessment(AQA) is important for action understanding and resolving the task poses unique challenges due to subtle visual differences. Existing state-of-the-art methods typically rely on the holistic video representations for score regression or ranking, which limits the generalization to capture fine-grained intra-class variation. To overcome the above limitation, we propose a temporal parsing transformer to decompose the holistic feature into temporal part-level representations. Specifically, we utilize a set of learnable queries to represent the atomic temporal patterns for a specific action. Our decoding process converts the frame representations to a fixed number of temporally ordered part representations. To obtain the quality score, we adopt the state-of-the-art contrastive regression based on the part representations. Since existing AQA datasets do not provide temporal part-level labels or partitions, we propose two novel loss functions on the cross attention responses of the decoder: a ranking loss to ensure the learnable queries to satisfy the temporal order in cross attention and a sparsity loss to encourage the part representations to be more discriminative. Extensive experiments show that our proposed method outperforms prior work on three public AQA benchmarks by a considerable margin.      
### 18.Don't Stop Learning: Towards Continual Learning for the CLIP Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09248.pdf)
>  The Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP) Model is a recently proposed large-scale pre-train model which attracts increasing attention in the computer vision community. Benefiting from its gigantic image-text training set, the CLIP model has learned outstanding capabilities in zero-shot learning and image-text matching. To boost the recognition performance of CLIP on some target visual concepts, it is often desirable to further update the CLIP model by fine-tuning some classes-of-interest on extra training data. This operation, however, raises an important concern: will the update hurt the zero-shot learning or image-text matching capability of the CLIP, i.e., the catastrophic forgetting issue? If yes, could existing continual learning algorithms be adapted to alleviate the risk of catastrophic forgetting? To answer these questions, this work conducts a systemic study on the continual learning issue of the CLIP model. We construct evaluation protocols to measure the impact of fine-tuning updates and explore different ways to upgrade existing continual learning methods to mitigate the forgetting issue of the CLIP model. Our study reveals the particular challenges of CLIP continual learning problem and lays a foundation for further researches. Moreover, we propose a new algorithm, dubbed Learning without Forgetting via Replayed Vocabulary (VR-LwF), which shows exact effectiveness for alleviating the forgetting issue of the CLIP model.      
### 19.IDET: Iterative Difference-Enhanced Transformers for High-Quality Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09240.pdf)
>  Change detection (CD) aims to detect change regions within an image pair captured at different times, playing a significant role for diverse real-world applications. Nevertheless, most of existing works focus on designing advanced network architectures to map the feature difference to the final change map while ignoring the influence of the quality of the feature difference. In this paper, we study the CD from a new perspective, i.e., how to optimize the feature difference to highlight changes and suppress unchanged regions, and propose a novel module denoted as iterative difference-enhanced transformers (IDET). IDET contains three transformers: two transformers for extracting the long-range information of the two images and one transformer for enhancing the feature difference. In contrast to the previous transformers, the third transformer takes the outputs of the first two transformers to guide the enhancement of the feature difference iteratively. To achieve more effective refinement, we further propose the multi-scale IDET-based change detection that uses multi-scale representations of the images for multiple feature difference refinements and proposes a coarse-to-fine fusion strategy to combine all refinements. Our final CD method outperforms seven state-of-the-art methods on six large-scale datasets under diverse application scenarios, which demonstrates the importance of feature difference enhancements and the effectiveness of IDET.      
### 20.Image Super-Resolution with Deep Dictionary  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09228.pdf)
>  Since the first success of Dong et al., the deep-learning-based approach has become dominant in the field of single-image super-resolution. This replaces all the handcrafted image processing steps of traditional sparse-coding-based methods with a deep neural network. In contrast to sparse-coding-based methods, which explicitly create high/low-resolution dictionaries, the dictionaries in deep-learning-based methods are implicitly acquired as a nonlinear combination of multiple convolutions. One disadvantage of deep-learning-based methods is that their performance is degraded for images created differently from the training dataset (out-of-domain images). We propose an end-to-end super-resolution network with a deep dictionary (SRDD), where a high-resolution dictionary is explicitly learned without sacrificing the advantages of deep learning. Extensive experiments show that explicit learning of high-resolution dictionary makes the network more robust for out-of-domain test images while maintaining the performance of the in-domain test images.      
### 21.KinD-LCE Curve Estimation And Retinex Fusion On Low-Light Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09210.pdf)
>  The problems of low light image noise and chromatic aberration is a challenging problem for tasks such as object detection, semantic segmentation, instance segmentation, etc. In this paper, we propose the algorithm for low illumination enhancement. KinD-LCE uses the light curve estimation module in the network structure to enhance the illumination map in the Retinex decomposed image, which improves the image brightness; we proposed the illumination map and reflection map fusion module to restore the restored image details and reduce the detail loss. Finally, we included a total variation loss function to eliminate noise. Our method uses the GladNet dataset as the training set, and the LOL dataset as the test set and is validated using ExDark as the dataset for downstream tasks. Extensive Experiments on the benchmarks demonstrate the advantages of our method and are close to the state-of-the-art results, which achieve a PSNR of 19.7216 and SSIM of 0.8213 in terms of metrics.      
### 22.VoloGAN: Adversarial Domain Adaptation for Synthetic Depth Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09204.pdf)
>  We present VoloGAN, an adversarial domain adaptation network that translates synthetic RGB-D images of a high-quality 3D model of a person, into RGB-D images that could be generated with a consumer depth sensor. This system is especially useful to generate high amount training data for single-view 3D reconstruction algorithms replicating the real-world capture conditions, being able to imitate the style of different sensor types, for the same high-end 3D model database. The network uses a CycleGAN framework with a U-Net architecture for the generator and a discriminator inspired by SIV-GAN. We use different optimizers and learning rate schedules to train the generator and the discriminator. We further construct a loss function that considers image channels individually and, among other metrics, evaluates the structural similarity. We demonstrate that CycleGANs can be used to apply adversarial domain adaptation of synthetic 3D data to train a volumetric video generator model having only few training samples.      
### 23.Exploring Disentangled Content Information for Face Forgery Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09202.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network based face forgery detection methods have achieved remarkable results during training, but struggled to maintain comparable performance during testing. We observe that the detector is prone to focus more on content information than artifact traces, suggesting that the detector is sensitive to the intrinsic bias of the dataset, which leads to severe overfitting. Motivated by this key observation, we design an easily embeddable disentanglement framework for content information removal, and further propose a Content Consistency Constraint (C2C) and a Global Representation Contrastive Constraint (GRCC) to enhance the independence of disentangled features. Furthermore, we cleverly construct two unbalanced datasets to investigate the impact of the content bias. Extensive visualizations and experiments demonstrate that our framework can not only ignore the interference of content information, but also guide the detector to mine suspicious artifact traces and achieve competitive performance.      
### 24.NDF: Neural Deformable Fields for Dynamic Human Modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09193.pdf)
>  We propose Neural Deformable Fields (NDF), a new representation for dynamic human digitization from a multi-view video. Recent works proposed to represent a dynamic human body with shared canonical neural radiance fields which links to the observation space with deformation fields estimations. However, the learned canonical representation is static and the current design of the deformation fields is not able to represent large movements or detailed geometry changes. In this paper, we propose to learn a neural deformable field wrapped around a fitted parametric body model to represent the dynamic human. The NDF is spatially aligned by the underlying reference surface. A neural network is then learned to map pose to the dynamics of NDF. The proposed NDF representation can synthesize the digitized performer with novel views and novel poses with a detailed and reasonable dynamic appearance. Experiments show that our method significantly outperforms recent human synthesis methods.      
### 25.Self-Supervision Can Be a Good Few-Shot Learner  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09176.pdf)
>  Existing few-shot learning (FSL) methods rely on training with a large labeled dataset, which prevents them from leveraging abundant unlabeled data. From an information-theoretic perspective, we propose an effective unsupervised FSL method, learning representations with self-supervision. Following the InfoMax principle, our method learns comprehensive representations by capturing the intrinsic structure of the data. Specifically, we maximize the mutual information (MI) of instances and their representations with a low-bias MI estimator to perform self-supervised pre-training. Rather than supervised pre-training focusing on the discriminable features of the seen classes, our self-supervised model has less bias toward the seen classes, resulting in better generalization for unseen classes. We explain that supervised pre-training and self-supervised pre-training are actually maximizing different MI objectives. Extensive experiments are further conducted to analyze their FSL performance with various training settings. Surprisingly, the results show that self-supervised pre-training can outperform supervised pre-training under the appropriate conditions. Compared with state-of-the-art FSL methods, our approach achieves comparable performance on widely used FSL benchmarks without any labels of the base classes.      
### 26.Global and Local Features through Gaussian Mixture Models on Image Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09162.pdf)
>  The semantic segmentation task aims at dense classification at the pixel-wise level. Deep models exhibited progress in tackling this task. However, one remaining problem with these approaches is the loss of spatial precision, often produced at the segmented objects' boundaries. Our proposed model addresses this problem by providing an internal structure for the feature representations while extracting a global representation that supports the former. To fit the internal structure, during training, we predict a Gaussian Mixture Model from the data, which, merged with the skip connections and the decoding stage, helps avoid wrong inductive biases. Furthermore, our results show that we can improve semantic segmentation by providing both learning representations (global and local) with a clustering behavior and combining them. Finally, we present results demonstrating our advances in Cityscapes and Synthia datasets.      
### 27.Single Stage Virtual Try-on via Deformable Attention Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09161.pdf)
>  Virtual try-on aims to generate a photo-realistic fitting result given an in-shop garment and a reference person image. Existing methods usually build up multi-stage frameworks to deal with clothes warping and body blending respectively, or rely heavily on intermediate parser-based labels which may be noisy or even inaccurate. To solve the above challenges, we propose a single-stage try-on framework by developing a novel Deformable Attention Flow (DAFlow), which applies the deformable attention scheme to multi-flow estimation. With pose keypoints as the guidance only, the self- and cross-deformable attention flows are estimated for the reference person and the garment images, respectively. By sampling multiple flow fields, the feature-level and pixel-level information from different semantic areas are simultaneously extracted and merged through the attention mechanism. It enables clothes warping and body synthesizing at the same time which leads to photo-realistic results in an end-to-end manner. Extensive experiments on two try-on datasets demonstrate that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance both qualitatively and quantitatively. Furthermore, additional experiments on the other two image editing tasks illustrate the versatility of our method for multi-view synthesis and image animation.      
### 28.FedX: Unsupervised Federated Learning with Cross Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09158.pdf)
>  This paper presents FedX, an unsupervised federated learning framework. Our model learns unbiased representation from decentralized and heterogeneous local data. It employs a two-sided knowledge distillation with contrastive learning as a core component, allowing the federated system to function without requiring clients to share any data features. Furthermore, its adaptable architecture can be used as an add-on module for existing unsupervised algorithms in federated settings. Experiments show that our model improves performance significantly (1.58--5.52pp) on five unsupervised algorithms.      
### 29.Learning Mutual Modulation for Self-Supervised Cross-Modal Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09156.pdf)
>  Self-supervised cross-modal super-resolution (SR) can overcome the difficulty of acquiring paired training data, but is challenging because only low-resolution (LR) source and high-resolution (HR) guide images from different modalities are available. Existing methods utilize pseudo or weak supervision in LR space and thus deliver results that are blurry or not faithful to the source modality. To address this issue, we present a mutual modulation SR (MMSR) model, which tackles the task by a mutual modulation strategy, including a source-to-guide modulation and a guide-to-source modulation. In these modulations, we develop cross-domain adaptive filters to fully exploit cross-modal spatial dependency and help induce the source to emulate the resolution of the guide and induce the guide to mimic the modality characteristics of the source. Moreover, we adopt a cycle consistency constraint to train MMSR in a fully self-supervised manner. Experiments on various tasks demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance of our MMSR.      
### 30.What Matters for 3D Scene Flow Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09143.pdf)
>  3D scene flow estimation from point clouds is a low-level 3D motion perception task in computer vision. Flow embedding is a commonly used technique in scene flow estimation, and it encodes the point motion between two consecutive frames. Thus, it is critical for the flow embeddings to capture the correct overall direction of the motion. However, previous works only search locally to determine a soft correspondence, ignoring the distant points that turn out to be the actual matching ones. In addition, the estimated correspondence is usually from the forward direction of the adjacent point clouds, and may not be consistent with the estimated correspondence acquired from the backward direction. To tackle these problems, we propose a novel all-to-all flow embedding layer with backward reliability validation during the initial scene flow estimation. Besides, we investigate and compare several design choices in key components of the 3D scene flow network, including the point similarity calculation, input elements of predictor, and predictor &amp; refinement level design. After carefully choosing the most effective designs, we are able to present a model that achieves the state-of-the-art performance on FlyingThings3D and KITTI Scene Flow datasets. Our proposed model surpasses all existing methods by at least 38.2% on FlyingThings3D dataset and 24.7% on KITTI Scene Flow dataset for EPE3D metric. We release our codes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IRMVLab/3DFlow" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.ParticleSfM: Exploiting Dense Point Trajectories for Localizing Moving Cameras in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09137.pdf)
>  Estimating the pose of a moving camera from monocular video is a challenging problem, especially due to the presence of moving objects in dynamic environments, where the performance of existing camera pose estimation methods are susceptible to pixels that are not geometrically consistent. To tackle this challenge, we present a robust dense indirect structure-from-motion method for videos that is based on dense correspondence initialized from pairwise optical flow. Our key idea is to optimize long-range video correspondence as dense point trajectories and use it to learn robust estimation of motion segmentation. A novel neural network architecture is proposed for processing irregular point trajectory data. Camera poses are then estimated and optimized with global bundle adjustment over the portion of long-range point trajectories that are classified as static. Experiments on MPI Sintel dataset show that our system produces significantly more accurate camera trajectories compared to existing state-of-the-art methods. In addition, our method is able to retain reasonable accuracy of camera poses on fully static scenes, which consistently outperforms strong state-of-the-art dense correspondence based methods with end-to-end deep learning, demonstrating the potential of dense indirect methods based on optical flow and point trajectories. As the point trajectory representation is general, we further present results and comparisons on in-the-wild monocular videos with complex motion of dynamic objects. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bytedance/particle-sfm" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Shrinking the Semantic Gap: Spatial Pooling of Local Moment Invariants for Copy-Move Forgery Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09135.pdf)
>  Copy-move forgery is a manipulation of copying and pasting specific patches from and to an image, with potentially illegal or unethical uses. Recent advances in the forensic methods for copy-move forgery have shown increasing success in detection accuracy and robustness. However, for images with high self-similarity or strong signal corruption, the existing algorithms often exhibit inefficient processes and unreliable results. This is mainly due to the inherent semantic gap between low-level visual representation and high-level semantic concept. In this paper, we present a very first study of trying to mitigate the semantic gap problem in copy-move forgery detection, with spatial pooling of local moment invariants for midlevel image representation. Our detection method expands the traditional works on two aspects: 1) we introduce the bag-of-visual-words model into this field for the first time, may meaning a new perspective of forensic study; 2) we propose a word-to-phrase feature description and matching pipeline, covering the spatial structure and visual saliency information of digital images. Extensive experimental results show the superior performance of our framework over state-of-the-art algorithms in overcoming the related problems caused by the semantic gap.      
### 33.Expert-LaSTS: Expert-Knowledge Guided Latent Space for Traffic Scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09120.pdf)
>  Clustering traffic scenarios and detecting novel scenario types are required for scenario-based testing of autonomous vehicles. These tasks benefit from either good similarity measures or good representations for the traffic scenarios. In this work, an expert-knowledge aided representation learning for traffic scenarios is presented. The latent space so formed is used for successful clustering and novel scenario type detection. Expert-knowledge is used to define objectives that the latent representations of traffic scenarios shall fulfill. It is presented, how the network architecture and loss is designed from these objectives, thereby incorporating expert-knowledge. An automatic mining strategy for traffic scenarios is presented, such that no manual labeling is required. Results show the performance advantage compared to baseline methods. Additionally, extensive analysis of the latent space is performed.      
### 34.eCDT: Event Clustering for Simultaneous Feature Detection and Tracking-  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09108.pdf)
>  Contrary to other standard cameras, event cameras interpret the world in an entirely different manner; as a collection of asynchronous events. Despite event camera's unique data output, many event feature detection and tracking algorithms have shown significant progress by making detours to frame-based data representations. This paper questions the need to do so and proposes a novel event data-friendly method that achieve simultaneous feature detection and tracking, called event Clustering-based Detection and Tracking (eCDT). Our method employs a novel clustering method, named as k-NN Classifier-based Spatial Clustering and Applications with Noise (KCSCAN), to cluster adjacent polarity events to retrieve event trajectories.With the aid of a Head and Tail Descriptor Matching process, event clusters that reappear in a different polarity are continually tracked, elongating the feature tracks. Thanks to our clustering approach in spatio-temporal space, our method automatically solves feature detection and feature tracking simultaneously. Also, eCDT can extract feature tracks at any frequency with an adjustable time window, which does not corrupt the high temporal resolution of the original event data. Our method achieves 30% better feature tracking ages compared with the state-of-the-art approach while also having a low error approximately equal to it.      
### 35.MONet: Multi-scale Overlap Network for Duplication Detection in Biomedical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09107.pdf)
>  Manipulation of biomedical images to misrepresent experimental results has plagued the biomedical community for a while. Recent interest in the problem led to the curation of a dataset and associated tasks to promote the development of biomedical forensic methods. Of these, the largest manipulation detection task focuses on the detection of duplicated regions between images. Traditional computer-vision based forensic models trained on natural images are not designed to overcome the challenges presented by biomedical images. We propose a multi-scale overlap detection model to detect duplicated image regions. Our model is structured to find duplication hierarchically, so as to reduce the number of patch operations. It achieves state-of-the-art performance overall and on multiple biomedical image categories.      
### 36.MHR-Net: Multiple-Hypothesis Reconstruction of Non-Rigid Shapes from 2D Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09086.pdf)
>  We propose MHR-Net, a novel method for recovering Non-Rigid Shapes from Motion (NRSfM). MHR-Net aims to find a set of reasonable reconstructions for a 2D view, and it also selects the most likely reconstruction from the set. To deal with the challenging unsupervised generation of non-rigid shapes, we develop a new Deterministic Basis and Stochastic Deformation scheme in MHR-Net. The non-rigid shape is first expressed as the sum of a coarse shape basis and a flexible shape deformation, then multiple hypotheses are generated with uncertainty modeling of the deformation part. MHR-Net is optimized with reprojection loss on the basis and the best hypothesis. Furthermore, we design a new Procrustean Residual Loss, which reduces the rigid rotations between similar shapes and further improves the performance. Experiments show that MHR-Net achieves state-of-the-art reconstruction accuracy on Human3.6M, SURREAL and 300-VW datasets.      
### 37.Dual Adaptive Transformations for Weakly Supervised Point Cloud Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09084.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised point cloud segmentation, i.e. semantically segmenting a point cloud with only a few labeled points in the whole 3D scene, is highly desirable due to the heavy burden of collecting abundant dense annotations for the model training. However, existing methods remain challenging to accurately segment 3D point clouds since limited annotated data may lead to insufficient guidance for label propagation to unlabeled data. Considering the smoothness-based methods have achieved promising progress, in this paper, we advocate applying the consistency constraint under various perturbations to effectively regularize unlabeled 3D points. Specifically, we propose a novel DAT (\textbf{D}ual \textbf{A}daptive \textbf{T}ransformations) model for weakly supervised point cloud segmentation, where the dual adaptive transformations are performed via an adversarial strategy at both point-level and region-level, aiming at enforcing the local and structural smoothness constraints on 3D point clouds. We evaluate our proposed DAT model with two popular backbones on the large-scale S3DIS and ScanNet-V2 datasets. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our model can effectively leverage the unlabeled 3D points and achieve significant performance gains on both datasets, setting new state-of-the-art performance for weakly supervised point cloud segmentation.      
### 38.Incremental Task Learning with Incremental Rank Updates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09074.pdf)
>  Incremental Task learning (ITL) is a category of continual learning that seeks to train a single network for multiple tasks (one after another), where training data for each task is only available during the training of that task. Neural networks tend to forget older tasks when they are trained for the newer tasks; this property is often known as catastrophic forgetting. To address this issue, ITL methods use episodic memory, parameter regularization, masking and pruning, or extensible network structures. In this paper, we propose a new incremental task learning framework based on low-rank factorization. In particular, we represent the network weights for each layer as a linear combination of several rank-1 matrices. To update the network for a new task, we learn a rank-1 (or low-rank) matrix and add that to the weights of every layer. We also introduce an additional selector vector that assigns different weights to the low-rank matrices learned for the previous tasks. We show that our approach performs better than the current state-of-the-art methods in terms of accuracy and forgetting. Our method also offers better memory efficiency compared to episodic memory- and mask-based approaches. Our code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CSIPlab/task-increment-rank-update.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 39.Context Unaware Knowledge Distillation for Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09070.pdf)
>  Existing data-dependent hashing methods use large backbone networks with millions of parameters and are computationally complex. Existing knowledge distillation methods use logits and other features of the deep (teacher) model and as knowledge for the compact (student) model, which requires the teacher's network to be fine-tuned on the context in parallel with the student model on the context. Training teacher on the target context requires more time and computational resources. In this paper, we propose context unaware knowledge distillation that uses the knowledge of the teacher model without fine-tuning it on the target context. We also propose a new efficient student model architecture for knowledge distillation. The proposed approach follows a two-step process. The first step involves pre-training the student model with the help of context unaware knowledge distillation from the teacher model. The second step involves fine-tuning the student model on the context of image retrieval. In order to show the efficacy of the proposed approach, we compare the retrieval results, no. of parameters and no. of operations of the student models with the teacher models under different retrieval frameworks, including deep cauchy hashing (DCH) and central similarity quantization (CSQ). The experimental results confirm that the proposed approach provides a promising trade-off between the retrieval results and efficiency. The code used in this paper is released publicly at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/satoru2001/CUKDFIR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 40.Time Is MattEr: Temporal Self-supervision for Video Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09067.pdf)
>  Understanding temporal dynamics of video is an essential aspect of learning better video representations. Recently, transformer-based architectural designs have been extensively explored for video tasks due to their capability to capture long-term dependency of input sequences. However, we found that these Video Transformers are still biased to learn spatial dynamics rather than temporal ones, and debiasing the spurious correlation is critical for their performance. Based on the observations, we design simple yet effective self-supervised tasks for video models to learn temporal dynamics better. Specifically, for debiasing the spatial bias, our method learns the temporal order of video frames as extra self-supervision and enforces the randomly shuffled frames to have low-confidence outputs. Also, our method learns the temporal flow direction of video tokens among consecutive frames for enhancing the correlation toward temporal dynamics. Under various video action recognition tasks, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our method and its compatibility with state-of-the-art Video Transformers.      
### 41.Moment Centralization based Gradient Descent Optimizers for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09066.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown very appealing performance for many computer vision applications. The training of CNNs is generally performed using stochastic gradient descent (SGD) based optimization techniques. The adaptive momentum-based SGD optimizers are the recent trends. However, the existing optimizers are not able to maintain a zero mean in the first-order moment and struggle with optimization. In this paper, we propose a moment centralization-based SGD optimizer for CNNs. Specifically, we impose the zero mean constraints on the first-order moment explicitly. The proposed moment centralization is generic in nature and can be integrated with any of the existing adaptive momentum-based optimizers. The proposed idea is tested with three state-of-the-art optimization techniques, including Adam, Radam, and Adabelief on benchmark CIFAR10, CIFAR100, and TinyImageNet datasets for image classification. The performance of the existing optimizers is generally improved when integrated with the proposed moment centralization. Further, The results of the proposed moment centralization are also better than the existing gradient centralization. The analytical analysis using the toy example shows that the proposed method leads to a shorter and smoother optimization trajectory. The source code is made publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sumanthsadhu/MC-optimizer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 42.Few-shot Open-set Recognition Using Background as Unknowns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09059.pdf)
>  Few-shot open-set recognition aims to classify both seen and novel images given only limited training data of seen classes. The challenge of this task is that the model is required not only to learn a discriminative classifier to classify the pre-defined classes with few training data but also to reject inputs from unseen classes that never appear at training time. In this paper, we propose to solve the problem from two novel aspects. First, instead of learning the decision boundaries between seen classes, as is done in standard close-set classification, we reserve space for unseen classes, such that images located in these areas are recognized as the unseen classes. Second, to effectively learn such decision boundaries, we propose to utilize the background features from seen classes. As these background regions do not significantly contribute to the decision of close-set classification, it is natural to use them as the pseudo unseen classes for classifier learning. Our extensive experiments show that our proposed method not only outperforms multiple baselines but also sets new state-of-the-art results on three popular benchmarks, namely tieredImageNet, miniImageNet, and Caltech-USCD Birds-200-2011 (CUB).      
### 43.Box-supervised Instance Segmentation with Level Set Evolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09055.pdf)
>  In contrast to the fully supervised methods using pixel-wise mask labels, box-supervised instance segmentation takes advantage of the simple box annotations, which has recently attracted a lot of research attentions. In this paper, we propose a novel single-shot box-supervised instance segmentation approach, which integrates the classical level set model with deep neural network delicately. Specifically, our proposed method iteratively learns a series of level sets through a continuous Chan-Vese energy-based function in an end-to-end fashion. A simple mask supervised SOLOv2 model is adapted to predict the instance-aware mask map as the level set for each instance. Both the input image and its deep features are employed as the input data to evolve the level set curves, where a box projection function is employed to obtain the initial boundary. By minimizing the fully differentiable energy function, the level set for each instance is iteratively optimized within its corresponding bounding box annotation. The experimental results on four challenging benchmarks demonstrate the leading performance of our proposed approach to robust instance segmentation in various scenarios. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LiWentomng/boxlevelset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.Balanced Contrastive Learning for Long-Tailed Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09052.pdf)
>  Real-world data typically follow a long-tailed distribution, where a few majority categories occupy most of the data while most minority categories contain a limited number of samples. Classification models minimizing cross-entropy struggle to represent and classify the tail classes. Although the problem of learning unbiased classifiers has been well studied, methods for representing imbalanced data are under-explored. In this paper, we focus on representation learning for imbalanced data. Recently, supervised contrastive learning has shown promising performance on balanced data recently. However, through our theoretical analysis, we find that for long-tailed data, it fails to form a regular simplex which is an ideal geometric configuration for representation learning. To correct the optimization behavior of SCL and further improve the performance of long-tailed visual recognition, we propose a novel loss for balanced contrastive learning (BCL). Compared with SCL, we have two improvements in BCL: class-averaging, which balances the gradient contribution of negative classes; class-complement, which allows all classes to appear in every mini-batch. The proposed balanced contrastive learning (BCL) method satisfies the condition of forming a regular simplex and assists the optimization of cross-entropy. Equipped with BCL, the proposed two-branch framework can obtain a stronger feature representation and achieve competitive performance on long-tailed benchmark datasets such as CIFAR-10-LT, CIFAR-100-LT, ImageNet-LT, and iNaturalist2018. Our code is available at \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FlamieZhu/BCL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{this URL}.      
### 45.RepBNN: towards a precise Binary Neural Network with Enhanced Feature Map via Repeating  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09049.pdf)
>  Binary neural network (BNN) is an extreme quantization version of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with all features and weights mapped to just 1-bit. Although BNN saves a lot of memory and computation demand to make CNN applicable on edge or mobile devices, BNN suffers the drop of network performance due to the reduced representation capability after binarization. In this paper, we propose a new replaceable and easy-to-use convolution module RepConv, which enhances feature maps through replicating input or output along channel dimension by $\beta$ times without extra cost on the number of parameters and convolutional computation. We also define a set of RepTran rules to use RepConv throughout BNN modules like binary convolution, fully connected layer and batch normalization. Experiments demonstrate that after the RepTran transformation, a set of highly cited BNNs have achieved universally better performance than the original BNN versions. For example, the Top-1 accuracy of Rep-ReCU-ResNet-20, i.e., a RepBconv enhanced ReCU-ResNet-20, reaches 88.97% on CIFAR-10, which is 1.47% higher than that of the original network. And Rep-AdamBNN-ReActNet-A achieves 71.342% Top-1 accuracy on ImageNet, a fresh state-of-the-art result of BNNs. Code and models are available at:<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/imfinethanks/Rep_AdamBNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.TTVFI: Learning Trajectory-Aware Transformer for Video Frame Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09048.pdf)
>  Video frame interpolation (VFI) aims to synthesize an intermediate frame between two consecutive frames. State-of-the-art approaches usually adopt a two-step solution, which includes 1) generating locally-warped pixels by flow-based motion estimations, 2) blending the warped pixels to form a full frame through deep neural synthesis networks. However, due to the inconsistent warping from the two consecutive frames, the warped features for new frames are usually not aligned, which leads to distorted and blurred frames, especially when large and complex motions occur. To solve this issue, in this paper we propose a novel Trajectory-aware Transformer for Video Frame Interpolation (TTVFI). In particular, we formulate the warped features with inconsistent motions as query tokens, and formulate relevant regions in a motion trajectory from two original consecutive frames into keys and values. Self-attention is learned on relevant tokens along the trajectory to blend the pristine features into intermediate frames through end-to-end training. Experimental results demonstrate that our method outperforms other state-of-the-art methods in four widely-used VFI benchmarks. Both code and pre-trained models will be released soon.      
### 47.Dynamic Prototype Mask for Occluded Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09046.pdf)
>  Although person re-identification has achieved an impressive improvement in recent years, the common occlusion case caused by different obstacles is still an unsettled issue in real application scenarios. Existing methods mainly address this issue by employing body clues provided by an extra network to distinguish the visible part. Nevertheless, the inevitable domain gap between the assistant model and the ReID datasets has highly increased the difficulty to obtain an effective and efficient model. To escape from the extra pre-trained networks and achieve an automatic alignment in an end-to-end trainable network, we propose a novel Dynamic Prototype Mask (DPM) based on two self-evident prior knowledge. Specifically, we first devise a Hierarchical Mask Generator which utilizes the hierarchical semantic to select the visible pattern space between the high-quality holistic prototype and the feature representation of the occluded input image. Under this condition, the occluded representation could be well aligned in a selected subspace spontaneously. Then, to enrich the feature representation of the high-quality holistic prototype and provide a more complete feature space, we introduce a Head Enrich Module to encourage different heads to aggregate different patterns representation in the whole image. Extensive experimental evaluations conducted on occluded and holistic person re-identification benchmarks demonstrate the superior performance of the DPM over the state-of-the-art methods. The code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/stone96123/DPM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.ML-BPM: Multi-teacher Learning with Bidirectional Photometric Mixing for Open Compound Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09045.pdf)
>  Open compound domain adaptation (OCDA) considers the target domain as the compound of multiple unknown homogeneous subdomains. The goal of OCDA is to minimize the domain gap between the labeled source domain and the unlabeled compound target domain, which benefits the model generalization to the unseen domains. Current OCDA for semantic segmentation methods adopt manual domain separation and employ a single model to simultaneously adapt to all the target subdomains. However, adapting to a target subdomain might hinder the model from adapting to other dissimilar target subdomains, which leads to limited performance. In this work, we introduce a multi-teacher framework with bidirectional photometric mixing to separately adapt to every target subdomain. First, we present an automatic domain separation to find the optimal number of subdomains. On this basis, we propose a multi-teacher framework in which each teacher model uses bidirectional photometric mixing to adapt to one target subdomain. Furthermore, we conduct an adaptive distillation to learn a student model and apply consistency regularization to improve the student generalization. Experimental results on benchmark datasets show the efficacy of the proposed approach for both the compound domain and the open domains against existing state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 49.Structure-aware Editable Morphable Model for 3D Facial Detail Animation and Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09019.pdf)
>  Morphable models are essential for the statistical modeling of 3D faces. Previous works on morphable models mostly focus on large-scale facial geometry but ignore facial details. This paper augments morphable models in representing facial details by learning a Structure-aware Editable Morphable Model (SEMM). SEMM introduces a detail structure representation based on the distance field of wrinkle lines, jointly modeled with detail displacements to establish better correspondences and enable intuitive manipulation of wrinkle structure. Besides, SEMM introduces two transformation modules to translate expression blendshape weights and age values into changes in latent space, allowing effective semantic detail editing while maintaining identity. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed model compactly represents facial details, outperforms previous methods in expression animation qualitatively and quantitatively, and achieves effective age editing and wrinkle line editing of facial details. Code and model are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gerwang/facial-detail-manipulation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 50.SS-MFAR : Semi-supervised Multi-task Facial Affect Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09012.pdf)
>  Automatic affect recognition has applications in many areas such as education, gaming, software development, automotives, medical care, etc. but it is non trivial task to achieve appreciable performance on in-the-wild data sets. In-the-wild data sets though represent real-world scenarios better than synthetic data sets, the former ones suffer from the problem of incomplete labels. Inspired by semi-supervised learning, in this paper, we introduce our submission to the Multi-Task-Learning Challenge at the 4th Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) 2022 Competition. The three tasks that are considered in this challenge are valence-arousal(VA) estimation, classification of expressions into 6 basic (anger, disgust, fear, happiness, sadness, surprise), neutral, and the 'other' category and 12 action units(AU) numbered AU-\{1,2,4,6,7,10,12,15,23,24,25,26\}. Our method Semi-supervised Multi-task Facial Affect Recognition titled \textbf{SS-MFAR} uses a deep residual network with task specific classifiers for each of the tasks along with adaptive thresholds for each expression class and semi-supervised learning for the incomplete labels. Source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/1980x/ABAW2022DMACS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.Structure from Action: Learning Interactions for Articulated Object 3D Structure Discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08997.pdf)
>  Articulated objects are abundant in daily life. Discovering their parts, joints, and kinematics is crucial for robots to interact with these objects. We introduce Structure from Action (SfA), a framework that discovers the 3D part geometry and joint parameters of unseen articulated objects via a sequence of inferred interactions. Our key insight is that 3D interaction and perception should be considered in conjunction to construct 3D articulated CAD models, especially in the case of categories not seen during training. By selecting informative interactions, SfA discovers parts and reveals initially occluded surfaces, like the inside of a closed drawer. By aggregating visual observations in 3D, SfA accurately segments multiple parts, reconstructs part geometry, and infers all joint parameters in a canonical coordinate frame. Our experiments demonstrate that a single SfA model trained in simulation can generalize to many unseen object categories with unknown kinematic structures and to real-world objects. Code and data will be publicly available.      
### 52.Capabilities, Limitations and Challenges of Style Transfer with CycleGANs: A Study on Automatic Ring Design Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08989.pdf)
>  Rendering programs have changed the design process completely as they permit to see how the products will look before they are fabricated. However, the rendering process is complicated and takes a significant amount of time, not only in the rendering itself but in the setting of the scene as well. Materials, lights and cameras need to be set in order to get the best quality results. Nevertheless, the optimal output may not be obtained in the first render. This all makes the rendering process a tedious process. Since Goodfellow et al. introduced Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) in 2014 [1], they have been used to generate computer-assigned synthetic data, from non-existing human faces to medical data analysis or image style transfer. GANs have been used to transfer image textures from one domain to another. However, paired data from both domains was needed. When Zhu et al. introduced the CycleGAN model, the elimination of this expensive constraint permitted transforming one image from one domain into another, without the need for paired data. This work validates the applicability of CycleGANs on style transfer from an initial sketch to a final render in 2D that represents a 3D design, a step that is paramount in every product design process. We inquiry the possibilities of including CycleGANs as part of the design pipeline, more precisely, applied to the rendering of ring designs. Our contribution entails a crucial part of the process as it allows the customer to see the final product before buying. This work sets a basis for future research, showing the possibilities of GANs in design and establishing a starting point for novel applications to approach crafts design.      
### 53.DeformIrisNet: An Identity-Preserving Model of Iris Texture Deformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08980.pdf)
>  Nonlinear iris texture deformations due to pupil size variations are one of the main factors responsible for within-class variance of genuine comparison scores in iris recognition. In dominant approaches to iris recognition, the size of a ring-shaped iris region is linearly scaled to a canonical rectangle, used further in encoding and matching. However, the biological complexity of iris sphincter and dilator muscles causes the movements of iris features to be nonlinear in a function of pupil size, and not solely organized along radial paths. Alternatively to the existing theoretical models based on biomechanics of iris musculature, in this paper we propose a novel deep autoencoder-based model that can effectively learn complex movements of iris texture features directly from the data. The proposed model takes two inputs, (a) an ISO-compliant near-infrared iris image with initial pupil size, and (b) the binary mask defining the target shape of the iris. The model makes all the necessary nonlinear deformations to the iris texture to match the shape of iris in image (a) with the shape provided by the target mask (b). The identity-preservation component of the loss function helps the model in finding deformations that preserve identity and not only visual realism of generated samples. We also demonstrate two immediate applications of this model: better compensation for iris texture deformations in iris recognition algorithms, compared to linear models, and creation of generative algorithm that can aid human forensic examiners, who may need to compare iris images with large difference in pupil dilation. We offer the source codes and model weights available along with this paper.      
### 54.SelectionConv: Convolutional Neural Networks for Non-rectilinear Image Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08979.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks have revolutionized vision applications. There are image domains and representations, however, that cannot be handled by standard CNNs (e.g., spherical images, superpixels). Such data are usually processed using networks and algorithms specialized for each type. In this work, we show that it may not always be necessary to use specialized neural networks to operate on such spaces. Instead, we introduce a new structured graph convolution operator that can copy 2D convolution weights, transferring the capabilities of already trained traditional CNNs to our new graph network. This network can then operate on any data that can be represented as a positional graph. By converting non-rectilinear data to a graph, we can apply these convolutions on these irregular image domains without requiring training on large domain-specific datasets. Results of transferring pre-trained image networks for segmentation, stylization, and depth prediction are demonstrated for a variety of such data forms.      
### 55.Enhancing Space-time Video Super-resolution via Spatial-temporal Feature Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08960.pdf)
>  The target of space-time video super-resolution (STVSR) is to increase both the frame rate (also referred to as the temporal resolution) and the spatial resolution of a given video. Recent approaches solve STVSR with end-to-end deep neural networks. A popular solution is to first increase the frame rate of the video; then perform feature refinement among different frame features; and last increase the spatial resolutions of these features. The temporal correlation among features of different frames is carefully exploited in this process. The spatial correlation among features of different (spatial) resolutions, despite being also very important, is however not emphasized. In this paper, we propose a spatial-temporal feature interaction network to enhance STVSR by exploiting both spatial and temporal correlations among features of different frames and spatial resolutions. Specifically, the spatial-temporal frame interpolation module is introduced to interpolate low- and high-resolution intermediate frame features simultaneously and interactively. The spatial-temporal local and global refinement modules are respectively deployed afterwards to exploit the spatial-temporal correlation among different features for their refinement. Finally, a novel motion consistency loss is employed to enhance the motion continuity among reconstructed frames. We conduct experiments on three standard benchmarks, Vid4, Vimeo-90K and Adobe240, and the results demonstrate that our method improves the state of the art methods by a considerable margin. Our codes will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yuezijie/STINet-Space-time-Video-Super-resolution" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.Exploiting Unlabeled Data with Vision and Language Models for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08954.pdf)
>  Building robust and generic object detection frameworks requires scaling to larger label spaces and bigger training datasets. However, it is prohibitively costly to acquire annotations for thousands of categories at a large scale. We propose a novel method that leverages the rich semantics available in recent vision and language models to localize and classify objects in unlabeled images, effectively generating pseudo labels for object detection. Starting with a generic and class-agnostic region proposal mechanism, we use vision and language models to categorize each region of an image into any object category that is required for downstream tasks. We demonstrate the value of the generated pseudo labels in two specific tasks, open-vocabulary detection, where a model needs to generalize to unseen object categories, and semi-supervised object detection, where additional unlabeled images can be used to improve the model. Our empirical evaluation shows the effectiveness of the pseudo labels in both tasks, where we outperform competitive baselines and achieve a novel state-of-the-art for open-vocabulary object detection. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiaofeng94/VL-PLM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 57.MonoIndoor++:Towards Better Practice of Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation for Indoor Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08951.pdf)
>  Self-supervised monocular depth estimation has seen significant progress in recent years, especially in outdoor environments. However, depth prediction results are not satisfying in indoor scenes where most of the existing data are captured with hand-held devices. As compared to outdoor environments, estimating depth of monocular videos for indoor environments, using self-supervised methods, results in two additional challenges: (i) the depth range of indoor video sequences varies a lot across different frames, making it difficult for the depth network to induce consistent depth cues for training; (ii) the indoor sequences recorded with handheld devices often contain much more rotational motions, which cause difficulties for the pose network to predict accurate relative camera poses. In this work, we propose a novel framework-MonoIndoor++ by giving special considerations to those challenges and consolidating a set of good practices for improving the performance of self-supervised monocular depth estimation for indoor environments. First, a depth factorization module with transformer-based scale regression network is proposed to estimate a global depth scale factor explicitly, and the predicted scale factor can indicate the maximum depth values. Second, rather than using a single-stage pose estimation strategy as in previous methods, we propose to utilize a residual pose estimation module to estimate relative camera poses across consecutive frames iteratively. Third, to incorporate extensive coordinates guidance for our residual pose estimation module, we propose to perform coordinate convolutional encoding directly over the inputs to pose networks. The proposed method is validated on a variety of benchmark indoor datasets, i.e., EuRoC MAV, NYUv2, ScanNet and 7-Scenes, demonstrating the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 58.Robustar: Interactive Toolbox Supporting Precise Data Annotation for Robust Vision Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08944.pdf)
>  We introduce the initial release of our software Robustar, which aims to improve the robustness of vision classification machine learning models through a data-driven perspective. Building upon the recent understanding that the lack of machine learning model's robustness is the tendency of the model's learning of spurious features, we aim to solve this problem from its root at the data perspective by removing the spurious features from the data before training. In particular, we introduce a software that helps the users to better prepare the data for training image classification models by allowing the users to annotate the spurious features at the pixel level of images. To facilitate this process, our software also leverages recent advances to help identify potential images and pixels worthy of attention and to continue the training with newly annotated data. Our software is hosted at the GitHub Repository <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HaohanWang/Robustar" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 59.I2I: Image to Icosahedral Projection for $\mathrm{SO}(3)$ Object Reasoning from Single-View Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08925.pdf)
>  Reasoning about 3D objects based on 2D images is challenging due to large variations in appearance caused by viewing the object from different orientations. Ideally, our model would be invariant or equivariant to changes in object pose. Unfortunately, this is typically not possible with 2D image input because we do not have an a priori model of how the image would change under out-of-plane object rotations. The only $\mathrm{SO}(3)$-equivariant models that currently exist require point cloud input rather than 2D images. In this paper, we propose a novel model architecture based on icosahedral group convolution that reasons in $\mathrm{SO(3)}$ by projecting the input image onto an icosahedron. As a result of this projection, the model is approximately equivariant to rotation in $\mathrm{SO}(3)$. We apply this model to an object pose estimation task and find that it outperforms reasonable baselines.      
### 60.Recognizing Hand Use and Hand Role at Home After Stroke from Egocentric Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08920.pdf)
>  Introduction: Hand function is a central determinant of independence after stroke. Measuring hand use in the home environment is necessary to evaluate the impact of new interventions, and calls for novel wearable technologies. Egocentric video can capture hand-object interactions in context, as well as show how more-affected hands are used during bilateral tasks (for stabilization or manipulation). Automated methods are required to extract this information. Objective: To use artificial intelligence-based computer vision to classify hand use and hand role from egocentric videos recorded at home after stroke. Methods: Twenty-one stroke survivors participated in the study. A random forest classifier, a SlowFast neural network, and the Hand Object Detector neural network were applied to identify hand use and hand role at home. Leave-One-Subject-Out-Cross-Validation (LOSOCV) was used to evaluate the performance of the three models. Between-group differences of the models were calculated based on the Mathews correlation coefficient (MCC). Results: For hand use detection, the Hand Object Detector had significantly higher performance than the other models. The macro average MCCs using this model in the LOSOCV were 0.50 +- 0.23 for the more-affected hands and 0.58 +- 0.18 for the less-affected hands. Hand role classification had macro average MCCs in the LOSOCV that were close to zero for all models. Conclusion: Using egocentric video to capture the hand use of stroke survivors at home is feasible. Pose estimation to track finger movements may be beneficial to classifying hand roles in the future.      
### 61.Conditional DETR V2: Efficient Detection Transformer with Box Queries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08914.pdf)
>  In this paper, we are interested in Detection Transformer (DETR), an end-to-end object detection approach based on a transformer encoder-decoder architecture without hand-crafted postprocessing, such as NMS. Inspired by Conditional DETR, an improved DETR with fast training convergence, that presented box queries (originally called spatial queries) for internal decoder layers, we reformulate the object query into the format of the box query that is a composition of the embeddings of the reference point and the transformation of the box with respect to the reference point. This reformulation indicates the connection between the object query in DETR and the anchor box that is widely studied in Faster R-CNN. Furthermore, we learn the box queries from the image content, further improving the detection quality of Conditional DETR still with fast training convergence. In addition, we adopt the idea of axial self-attention to save the memory cost and accelerate the encoder. The resulting detector, called Conditional DETR V2, achieves better results than Conditional DETR, saves the memory cost and runs more efficiently. For example, for the DC$5$-ResNet-$50$ backbone, our approach achieves $44.8$ AP with $16.4$ FPS on the COCO $val$ set and compared to Conditional DETR, it runs $1.6\times$ faster, saves $74$\% of the overall memory cost, and improves $1.0$ AP score.      
### 62.NeuForm: Adaptive Overfitting for Neural Shape Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08890.pdf)
>  Neural representations are popular for representing shapes, as they can be learned form sensor data and used for data cleanup, model completion, shape editing, and shape synthesis. Current neural representations can be categorized as either overfitting to a single object instance, or representing a collection of objects. However, neither allows accurate editing of neural scene representations: on the one hand, methods that overfit objects achieve highly accurate reconstructions, but do not generalize to unseen object configurations and thus cannot support editing; on the other hand, methods that represent a family of objects with variations do generalize but produce only approximate reconstructions. We propose NEUFORM to combine the advantages of both overfitted and generalizable representations by adaptively using the one most appropriate for each shape region: the overfitted representation where reliable data is available, and the generalizable representation everywhere else. We achieve this with a carefully designed architecture and an approach that blends the network weights of the two representations, avoiding seams and other artifacts. We demonstrate edits that successfully reconfigure parts of human-designed shapes, such as chairs, tables, and lamps, while preserving semantic integrity and the accuracy of an overfitted shape representation. We compare with two state-of-the-art competitors and demonstrate clear improvements in terms of plausibility and fidelity of the resultant edits.      
### 63.A hierarchical semantic segmentation framework for computer vision-based bridge damage detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08878.pdf)
>  Computer vision-based damage detection using remote cameras and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) enables efficient and low-cost bridge health monitoring that reduces labor costs and the needs for sensor installation and maintenance. By leveraging recent semantic image segmentation approaches, we are able to find regions of critical structural components and recognize damage at the pixel level using images as the only input. However, existing methods perform poorly when detecting small damages (e.g., cracks and exposed rebars) and thin objects with limited image samples, especially when the components of interest are highly imbalanced. To this end, this paper introduces a semantic segmentation framework that imposes the hierarchical semantic relationship between component category and damage types. For example, certain concrete cracks only present on bridge columns and therefore the non-column region will be masked out when detecting such damages. In this way, the damage detection model could focus on learning features from possible damaged regions only and avoid the effects of other irrelevant regions. We also utilize multi-scale augmentation that provides views with different scales that preserves contextual information of each image without losing the ability of handling small and thin objects. Furthermore, the proposed framework employs important sampling that repeatedly samples images containing rare components (e.g., railway sleeper and exposed rebars) to provide more data samples, which addresses the imbalanced data challenge.      
### 64.Prior-Guided Adversarial Initialization for Fast Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08859.pdf)
>  Fast adversarial training (FAT) effectively improves the efficiency of standard adversarial training (SAT). However, initial FAT encounters catastrophic overfitting, i.e.,the robust accuracy against adversarial attacks suddenly and dramatically decreases. Though several FAT variants spare no effort to prevent overfitting, they sacrifice much calculation cost. In this paper, we explore the difference between the training processes of SAT and FAT and observe that the attack success rate of adversarial examples (AEs) of FAT gets worse gradually in the late training stage, resulting in overfitting. The AEs are generated by the fast gradient sign method (FGSM) with a zero or random initialization. Based on the observation, we propose a prior-guided FGSM initialization method to avoid overfitting after investigating several initialization strategies, improving the quality of the AEs during the whole training process. The initialization is formed by leveraging historically generated AEs without additional calculation cost. We further provide a theoretical analysis for the proposed initialization method. We also propose a simple yet effective regularizer based on the prior-guided initialization,i.e., the currently generated perturbation should not deviate too much from the prior-guided initialization. The regularizer adopts both historical and current adversarial perturbations to guide the model learning. Evaluations on four datasets demonstrate that the proposed method can prevent catastrophic overfitting and outperform state-of-the-art FAT methods. The code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jiaxiaojunQAQ/FGSM-PGI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 65.Global-Local Stepwise Generative Network for Ultra High-Resolution Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08808.pdf)
>  While the research on image background restoration from regular size of degraded images has achieved remarkable progress, restoring ultra high-resolution (e.g., 4K) images remains an extremely challenging task due to the explosion of computational complexity and memory usage, as well as the deficiency of annotated data. In this paper we present a novel model for ultra high-resolution image restoration, referred to as the Global-Local Stepwise Generative Network (GLSGN), which employs a stepwise restoring strategy involving four restoring pathways: three local pathways and one global pathway. The local pathways focus on conducting image restoration in a fine-grained manner over local but high-resolution image patches, while the global pathway performs image restoration coarsely on the scale-down but intact image to provide cues for the local pathways in a global view including semantics and noise patterns. To smooth the mutual collaboration between these four pathways, our GLSGN is designed to ensure the inter-pathway consistency in four aspects in terms of low-level content, perceptual attention, restoring intensity and high-level semantics, respectively. As another major contribution of this work, we also introduce the first ultra high-resolution dataset to date for both reflection removal and rain streak removal, comprising 4,670 real-world and synthetic images. Extensive experiments across three typical tasks for image background restoration, including image reflection removal, image rain streak removal and image dehazing, show that our GLSGN consistently outperforms state-of-the-art methods.      
### 66.Human-to-Robot Imitation in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09450.pdf)
>  We approach the problem of learning by watching humans in the wild. While traditional approaches in Imitation and Reinforcement Learning are promising for learning in the real world, they are either sample inefficient or are constrained to lab settings. Meanwhile, there has been a lot of success in processing passive, unstructured human data. We propose tackling this problem via an efficient one-shot robot learning algorithm, centered around learning from a third-person perspective. We call our method WHIRL: In-the-Wild Human Imitating Robot Learning. WHIRL extracts a prior over the intent of the human demonstrator, using it to initialize our agent's policy. We introduce an efficient real-world policy learning scheme that improves using interactions. Our key contributions are a simple sampling-based policy optimization approach, a novel objective function for aligning human and robot videos as well as an exploration method to boost sample efficiency. We show one-shot generalization and success in real-world settings, including 20 different manipulation tasks in the wild. Videos and talk at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://human2robot.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 67.Theseus: A Library for Differentiable Nonlinear Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09442.pdf)
>  We present Theseus, an efficient application-agnostic open source library for differentiable nonlinear least squares (DNLS) optimization built on PyTorch, providing a common framework for end-to-end structured learning in robotics and vision. Existing DNLS implementations are application specific and do not always incorporate many ingredients important for efficiency. Theseus is application-agnostic, as we illustrate with several example applications that are built using the same underlying differentiable components, such as second-order optimizers, standard costs functions, and Lie groups. For efficiency, Theseus incorporates support for sparse solvers, automatic vectorization, batching, GPU acceleration, and gradient computation with implicit differentiation and direct loss minimization. We do extensive performance evaluation in a set of applications, demonstrating significant efficiency gains and better scalability when these features are incorporated. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/theseus-ai" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 68.SphereFed: Hyperspherical Federated Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09413.pdf)
>  Federated Learning aims at training a global model from multiple decentralized devices (i.e. clients) without exchanging their private local data. A key challenge is the handling of non-i.i.d. (independent identically distributed) data across multiple clients that may induce disparities of their local features. We introduce the Hyperspherical Federated Learning (SphereFed) framework to address the non-i.i.d. issue by constraining learned representations of data points to be on a unit hypersphere shared by clients. Specifically, all clients learn their local representations by minimizing the loss with respect to a fixed classifier whose weights span the unit hypersphere. After federated training in improving the global model, this classifier is further calibrated with a closed-form solution by minimizing a mean squared loss. We show that the calibration solution can be computed efficiently and distributedly without direct access of local data. Extensive experiments indicate that our SphereFed approach is able to improve the accuracy of multiple existing federated learning algorithms by a considerable margin (up to 6% on challenging datasets) with enhanced computation and communication efficiency across datasets and model architectures.      
### 69.Image Synthesis with Disentangled Attributes for Chest X-Ray Nodule Augmentation and Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09389.pdf)
>  Lung nodule detection in chest X-ray (CXR) images is common to early screening of lung cancers. Deep-learning-based Computer-Assisted Diagnosis (CAD) systems can support radiologists for nodule screening in CXR. However, it requires large-scale and diverse medical data with high-quality annotations to train such robust and accurate CADs. To alleviate the limited availability of such datasets, lung nodule synthesis methods are proposed for the sake of data augmentation. Nevertheless, previous methods lack the ability to generate nodules that are realistic with the size attribute desired by the detector. To address this issue, we introduce a novel lung nodule synthesis framework in this paper, which decomposes nodule attributes into three main aspects including shape, size, and texture, respectively. A GAN-based Shape Generator firstly models nodule shapes by generating diverse shape masks. The following Size Modulation then enables quantitative control on the diameters of the generated nodule shapes in pixel-level granularity. A coarse-to-fine gated convolutional Texture Generator finally synthesizes visually plausible nodule textures conditioned on the modulated shape masks. Moreover, we propose to synthesize nodule CXR images by controlling the disentangled nodule attributes for data augmentation, in order to better compensate for the nodules that are easily missed in the detection task. Our experiments demonstrate the enhanced image quality, diversity, and controllability of the proposed lung nodule synthesis framework. We also validate the effectiveness of our data augmentation on greatly improving nodule detection performance.      
### 70.Uncertainty in Contrastive Learning: On the Predictability of Downstream Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09336.pdf)
>  The superior performance of some of today's state-of-the-art deep learning models is to some extent owed to extensive (self-)supervised contrastive pretraining on large-scale datasets. In contrastive learning, the network is presented with pairs of positive (similar) and negative (dissimilar) datapoints and is trained to find an embedding vector for each datapoint, i.e., a representation, which can be further fine-tuned for various downstream tasks. In order to safely deploy these models in critical decision-making systems, it is crucial to equip them with a measure of their uncertainty or reliability. However, due to the pairwise nature of training a contrastive model, and the lack of absolute labels on the output (an abstract embedding vector), adapting conventional uncertainty estimation techniques to such models is non-trivial. In this work, we study whether the uncertainty of such a representation can be quantified for a single datapoint in a meaningful way. In other words, we explore if the downstream performance on a given datapoint is predictable, directly from its pre-trained embedding. We show that this goal can be achieved by directly estimating the distribution of the training data in the embedding space and accounting for the local consistency of the representations. Our experiments show that this notion of uncertainty for an embedding vector often strongly correlates with its downstream accuracy.      
### 71.Self-Supervised Interactive Object Segmentation Through a Singulation-and-Grasping Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09314.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation with unseen objects is a challenging problem in unstructured environments. To solve this problem, we propose a robot learning approach to actively interact with novel objects and collect each object's training label for further fine-tuning to improve the segmentation model performance, while avoiding the time-consuming process of manually labeling a dataset. The Singulation-and-Grasping (SaG) policy is trained through end-to-end reinforcement learning. Given a cluttered pile of objects, our approach chooses pushing and grasping motions to break the clutter and conducts object-agnostic grasping for which the SaG policy takes as input the visual observations and imperfect segmentation. We decompose the problem into three subtasks: (1) the object singulation subtask aims to separate the objects from each other, which creates more space that alleviates the difficulty of (2) the collision-free grasping subtask; (3) the mask generation subtask to obtain the self-labeled ground truth masks by using an optical flow-based binary classifier and motion cue post-processing for transfer learning. Our system achieves 70% singulation success rate in simulated cluttered scenes. The interactive segmentation of our system achieves 87.8%, 73.9%, and 69.3% average precision for toy blocks, YCB objects in simulation and real-world novel objects, respectively, which outperforms several baselines.      
### 72.Towards Trustworthy Healthcare AI: Attention-Based Feature Learning for COVID-19 Screening With Chest Radiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09312.pdf)
>  Building AI models with trustworthiness is important especially in regulated areas such as healthcare. In tackling COVID-19, previous work uses convolutional neural networks as the backbone architecture, which has shown to be prone to over-caution and overconfidence in making decisions, rendering them less trustworthy -- a crucial flaw in the context of medical imaging. In this study, we propose a feature learning approach using Vision Transformers, which use an attention-based mechanism, and examine the representation learning capability of Transformers as a new backbone architecture for medical imaging. Through the task of classifying COVID-19 chest radiographs, we investigate into whether generalization capabilities benefit solely from Vision Transformers' architectural advances. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations are conducted on the trustworthiness of the models, through the use of "trust score" computation and a visual explainability technique. We conclude that the attention-based feature learning approach is promising in building trustworthy deep learning models for healthcare.      
### 73.A Multi-Stage Framework for the 2022 Multi-Structure Segmentation for Renal Cancer Treatment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09165.pdf)
>  Three-dimensional (3D) kidney parsing on computed tomography angiography (CTA) images is of great clinical significance. Automatic segmentation of kidney, renal tumor, renal vein and renal artery benefits a lot on surgery-based renal cancer treatment. In this paper, we propose a new nnhra-unet network, and use a multi-stage framework which is based on it to segment the multi-structure of kidney and participate in the KiPA2022 challenge.      
### 74.Relational Future Captioning Model for Explaining Likely Collisions in Daily Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09083.pdf)
>  Domestic service robots that support daily tasks are a promising solution for elderly or disabled people. It is crucial for domestic service robots to explain the collision risk before they perform actions. In this paper, our aim is to generate a caption about a future event. We propose the Relational Future Captioning Model (RFCM), a crossmodal language generation model for the future captioning task. The RFCM has the Relational Self-Attention Encoder to extract the relationships between events more effectively than the conventional self-attention in transformers. We conducted comparison experiments, and the results show the RFCM outperforms a baseline method on two datasets.      
### 75.Indoor Localization for Personalized Ambient Assisted Living of Multiple Users in Multi-Floor Smart Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.09025.pdf)
>  This paper presents a multifunctional interdisciplinary framework that makes four scientific contributions towards the development of personalized ambient assisted living, with a specific focus to address the different and dynamic needs of the diverse aging population in the future of smart living environments. First, it presents a probabilistic reasoning-based mathematical approach to model all possible forms of user interactions for any activity arising from the user diversity of multiple users in such environments. Second, it presents a system that uses this approach with a machine learning method to model individual user profiles and user-specific user interactions for detecting the dynamic indoor location of each specific user. Third, to address the need to develop highly accurate indoor localization systems for increased trust, reliance, and seamless user acceptance, the framework introduces a novel methodology where two boosting approaches Gradient Boosting and the AdaBoost algorithm are integrated and used on a decision tree-based learning model to perform indoor localization. Fourth, the framework introduces two novel functionalities to provide semantic context to indoor localization in terms of detecting each user's floor-specific location as well as tracking whether a specific user was located inside or outside a given spatial region in a multi-floor-based indoor setting. These novel functionalities of the proposed framework were tested on a dataset of localization-related Big Data collected from 18 different users who navigated in 3 buildings consisting of 5 floors and 254 indoor spatial regions. The results show that this approach of indoor localization for personalized AAL that models each specific user always achieves higher accuracy as compared to the traditional approach of modeling an average user.      
### 76.Discovering novel systemic biomarkers in photos of the external eye  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08998.pdf)
>  External eye photos were recently shown to reveal signs of diabetic retinal disease and elevated HbA1c. In this paper, we evaluate if external eye photos contain information about additional systemic medical conditions. We developed a deep learning system (DLS) that takes external eye photos as input and predicts multiple systemic parameters, such as those related to the liver (albumin, AST); kidney (eGFR estimated using the race-free 2021 CKD-EPI creatinine equation, the urine ACR); bone &amp; mineral (calcium); thyroid (TSH); and blood count (Hgb, WBC, platelets). Development leveraged 151,237 images from 49,015 patients with diabetes undergoing diabetic eye screening in 11 sites across Los Angeles county, CA. Evaluation focused on 9 pre-specified systemic parameters and leveraged 3 validation sets (A, B, C) spanning 28,869 patients with and without diabetes undergoing eye screening in 3 independent sites in Los Angeles County, CA, and the greater Atlanta area, GA. We compared against baseline models incorporating available clinicodemographic variables (e.g. age, sex, race/ethnicity, years with diabetes). Relative to the baseline, the DLS achieved statistically significant superior performance at detecting AST&gt;36, calcium&lt;8.6, eGFR&lt;60, Hgb&lt;11, platelets&lt;150, ACR&gt;=300, and WBC&lt;4 on validation set A (a patient population similar to the development sets), where the AUC of DLS exceeded that of the baseline by 5.2-19.4%. On validation sets B and C, with substantial patient population differences compared to the development sets, the DLS outperformed the baseline for ACR&gt;=300 and Hgb&lt;11 by 7.3-13.2%. Our findings provide further evidence that external eye photos contain important biomarkers of systemic health spanning multiple organ systems. Further work is needed to investigate whether and how these biomarkers can be translated into clinical impact.      
### 77.Superficial White Matter Analysis: An Efficient Point-cloud-based Deep Learning Framework with Supervised Contrastive Learning for Consistent Tractography Parcellation across Populations and dMRI Acquisitions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08975.pdf)
>  Diffusion MRI tractography is an advanced imaging technique that enables in vivo mapping of the brain's white matter connections. White matter parcellation classifies tractography streamlines into clusters or anatomically meaningful tracts. It enables quantification and visualization of whole-brain tractography. Currently, most parcellation methods focus on the deep white matter (DWM), whereas fewer methods address the superficial white matter (SWM) due to its complexity. We propose a novel two-stage deep-learning-based framework, Superficial White Matter Analysis (SupWMA), that performs an efficient and consistent parcellation of 198 SWM clusters from whole-brain tractography. A point-cloud-based network is adapted to our SWM parcellation task, and supervised contrastive learning enables more discriminative representations between plausible streamlines and outliers for SWM. We train our model on a large-scale tractography dataset including streamline samples from labeled SWM clusters and anatomically implausible streamline samples, and we perform testing on six independently acquired datasets of different ages and health conditions (including neonates and patients with space-occupying brain tumors). Compared to several state-of-the-art methods, SupWMA obtains highly consistent and accurate SWM parcellation results on all datasets, showing good generalization across the lifespan in health and disease. In addition, the computational speed of SupWMA is much faster than other methods.      
### 78.Multi-step domain adaptation by adversarial attack to $\mathcal{H} \mathcal{H}$-divergence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08948.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples are transferable between different models. In our paper, we propose to use this property for multi-step domain adaptation. In unsupervised domain adaptation settings, we demonstrate that replacing the source domain with adversarial examples to $\mathcal{H} \Delta \mathcal{H}$-divergence can improve source classifier accuracy on the target domain. Our method can be connected to most domain adaptation techniques. We conducted a range of experiments and achieved improvement in accuracy on Digits and Office-Home datasets.      
### 79.Easy Batch Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08940.pdf)
>  It was shown that adversarial examples improve object recognition. But what about their opposite side, easy examples? Easy examples are samples that the machine learning model classifies correctly with high confidence. In our paper, we are making the first step toward exploring the potential benefits of using easy examples in the training procedure of neural networks. We propose to use an auxiliary batch normalization for easy examples for the standard and robust accuracy improvement.      
### 80.Prior Knowledge Guided Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08877.pdf)
>  The waive of labels in the target domain makes Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) an attractive technique in many real-world applications, though it also brings great challenges as model adaptation becomes harder without labeled target data. In this paper, we address this issue by seeking compensation from target domain prior knowledge, which is often (partially) available in practice, e.g., from human expertise. This leads to a novel yet practical setting where in addition to the training data, some prior knowledge about the target class distribution are available. We term the setting as Knowledge-guided Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (KUDA). In particular, we consider two specific types of prior knowledge about the class distribution in the target domain: Unary Bound that describes the lower and upper bounds of individual class probabilities, and Binary Relationship that describes the relations between two class probabilities. We propose a general rectification module that uses such prior knowledge to refine model generated pseudo labels. The module is formulated as a Zero-One Programming problem derived from the prior knowledge and a smooth regularizer. It can be easily plugged into self-training based UDA methods, and we combine it with two state-of-the-art methods, SHOT and DINE. Empirical results on four benchmarks confirm that the rectification module clearly improves the quality of pseudo labels, which in turn benefits the self-training stage. With the guidance from prior knowledge, the performances of both methods are substantially boosted. We expect our work to inspire further investigations in integrating prior knowledge in UDA. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tsun/KUDA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 81.FLAIR: Federated Learning Annotated Image Repository  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08869.pdf)
>  Cross-device federated learning is an emerging machine learning (ML) paradigm where a large population of devices collectively train an ML model while the data remains on the devices. This research field has a unique set of practical challenges, and to systematically make advances, new datasets curated to be compatible with this paradigm are needed. Existing federated learning benchmarks in the image domain do not accurately capture the scale and heterogeneity of many real-world use cases. We introduce FLAIR, a challenging large-scale annotated image dataset for multi-label classification suitable for federated learning. FLAIR has 429,078 images from 51,414 Flickr users and captures many of the intricacies typically encountered in federated learning, such as heterogeneous user data and a long-tailed label distribution. We implement multiple baselines in different learning setups for different tasks on this dataset. We believe FLAIR can serve as a challenging benchmark for advancing the state-of-the art in federated learning. Dataset access and the code for the benchmark are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/apple/ml-flair" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 82.Romanus: Robust Task Offloading in Modular Multi-Sensor Autonomous Driving Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08865.pdf)
>  Due to the high performance and safety requirements of self-driving applications, the complexity of modern autonomous driving systems (ADS) has been growing, instigating the need for more sophisticated hardware which could add to the energy footprint of the ADS platform. Addressing this, edge computing is poised to encompass self-driving applications, enabling the compute-intensive autonomy-related tasks to be offloaded for processing at compute-capable edge servers. Nonetheless, the intricate hardware architecture of ADS platforms, in addition to the stringent robustness demands, set forth complications for task offloading which are unique to autonomous driving. Hence, we present $ROMANUS$, a methodology for robust and efficient task offloading for modular ADS platforms with multi-sensor processing pipelines. Our methodology entails two phases: (i) the introduction of efficient offloading points along the execution path of the involved deep learning models, and (ii) the implementation of a runtime solution based on Deep Reinforcement Learning to adapt the operating mode according to variations in the perceived road scene complexity, network connectivity, and server load. Experiments on the object detection use case demonstrated that our approach is 14.99% more energy-efficient than pure local execution while achieving a 77.06% reduction in risky behavior from a robust-agnostic offloading baseline.      
### 83.Audio Input Generates Continuous Frames to Synthesize Facial Video Using Generative Adiversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.08813.pdf)
>  This paper presents a simple method for speech videos generation based on audio: given a piece of audio, we can generate a video of the target face speaking this audio. We propose Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) with cut speech audio input as condition and use Convolutional Gate Recurrent Unit (GRU) in generator and discriminator. Our model is trained by exploiting the short audio and the frames in this duration. For training, we cut the audio and extract the face in the corresponding frames. We designed a simple encoder and compare the generated frames using GAN with and without GRU. We use GRU for temporally coherent frames and the results show that short audio can produce relatively realistic output results.      
