# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 1 Jul 2022
### 1.On-Device Training Under 256KB Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15472.pdf)
>  On-device training enables the model to adapt to new data collected from the sensors by fine-tuning a pre-trained model. However, the training memory consumption is prohibitive for IoT devices that have tiny memory resources. We propose an algorithm-system co-design framework to make on-device training possible with only 256KB of memory. On-device training faces two unique challenges: (1) the quantized graphs of neural networks are hard to optimize due to mixed bit-precision and the lack of normalization; (2) the limited hardware resource (memory and computation) does not allow full backward computation. To cope with the optimization difficulty, we propose Quantization-Aware Scaling to calibrate the gradient scales and stabilize quantized training. To reduce the memory footprint, we propose Sparse Update to skip the gradient computation of less important layers and sub-tensors. The algorithm innovation is implemented by a lightweight training system, Tiny Training Engine, which prunes the backward computation graph to support sparse updates and offloads the runtime auto-differentiation to compile time. Our framework is the first practical solution for on-device transfer learning of visual recognition on tiny IoT devices (e.g., a microcontroller with only 256KB SRAM), using less than 1/100 of the memory of existing frameworks while matching the accuracy of cloud training+edge deployment for the tinyML application VWW. Our study enables IoT devices to not only perform inference but also continuously adapt to new data for on-device lifelong learning.      
### 2.Improving Visual Grounding by Encouraging Consistent Gradient-based Explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15462.pdf)
>  We propose a margin-based loss for vision-language model pretraining that encourages gradient-based explanations that are consistent with region-level annotations. We refer to this objective as Attention Mask Consistency (AMC) and demonstrate that it produces superior visual grounding performance compared to models that rely instead on region-level annotations for explicitly training an object detector such as Faster R-CNN. AMC works by encouraging gradient-based explanation masks that focus their attention scores mostly within annotated regions of interest for images that contain such annotations. Particularly, a model trained with AMC on top of standard vision-language modeling objectives obtains a state-of-the-art accuracy of 86.59% in the Flickr30k visual grounding benchmark, an absolute improvement of 5.48% when compared to the best previous model. Our approach also performs exceedingly well on established benchmarks for referring expression comprehension and offers the added benefit by design of gradient-based explanations that better align with human annotations.      
### 3.Category-Level 6D Object Pose Estimation in the Wild: A Semi-Supervised Learning Approach and A New Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15436.pdf)
>  6D object pose estimation is one of the fundamental problems in computer vision and robotics research. While a lot of recent efforts have been made on generalizing pose estimation to novel object instances within the same category, namely category-level 6D pose estimation, it is still restricted in constrained environments given the limited number of annotated data. In this paper, we collect Wild6D, a new unlabeled RGBD object video dataset with diverse instances and backgrounds. We utilize this data to generalize category-level 6D object pose estimation in the wild with semi-supervised learning. We propose a new model, called Rendering for Pose estimation network RePoNet, that is jointly trained using the free ground-truths with the synthetic data, and a silhouette matching objective function on the real-world data. Without using any 3D annotations on real data, our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the previous dataset and our Wild6D test set (with manual annotations for evaluation) by a large margin. Project page with Wild6D data: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://oasisyang.github.io/semi-pose" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 4.MEAD: A Multi-Armed Approach for Evaluation of Adversarial Examples Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15415.pdf)
>  Detection of adversarial examples has been a hot topic in the last years due to its importance for safely deploying machine learning algorithms in critical applications. However, the detection methods are generally validated by assuming a single implicitly known attack strategy, which does not necessarily account for real-life threats. Indeed, this can lead to an overoptimistic assessment of the detectors' performance and may induce some bias in the comparison between competing detection schemes. We propose a novel multi-armed framework, called MEAD, for evaluating detectors based on several attack strategies to overcome this limitation. Among them, we make use of three new objectives to generate attacks. The proposed performance metric is based on the worst-case scenario: detection is successful if and only if all different attacks are correctly recognized. Empirically, we show the effectiveness of our approach. Moreover, the poor performance obtained for state-of-the-art detectors opens a new exciting line of research.      
### 5.PolarFormer: Multi-camera 3D Object Detection with Polar Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15398.pdf)
>  3D object detection in autonomous driving aims to reason "what" and "where" the objects of interest present in a 3D world. Following the conventional wisdom of previous 2D object detection, existing methods often adopt the canonical Cartesian coordinate system with perpendicular axis. However, we conjugate that this does not fit the nature of the ego car's perspective, as each onboard camera perceives the world in shape of wedge intrinsic to the imaging geometry with radical (non-perpendicular) axis. Hence, in this paper we advocate the exploitation of the Polar coordinate system and propose a new Polar Transformer (PolarFormer) for more accurate 3D object detection in the bird's-eye-view (BEV) taking as input only multi-camera 2D images. Specifically, we design a cross attention based Polar detection head without restriction to the shape of input structure to deal with irregular Polar grids. For tackling the unconstrained object scale variations along Polar's distance dimension, we further introduce a multi-scalePolar representation learning strategy. As a result, our model can make best use of the Polar representation rasterized via attending to the corresponding image observation in a sequence-to-sequence fashion subject to the geometric constraints. Thorough experiments on the nuScenes dataset demonstrate that our PolarFormer outperforms significantly state-of-the-art 3D object detection alternatives, as well as yielding competitive performance on BEV semantic segmentation task.      
### 6.Improving the Generalization of Supervised Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15369.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of training a deep neural network on a given classification task, e.g., ImageNet-1K (IN1K), so that it excels at that task as well as at other (future) transfer tasks. These two seemingly contradictory properties impose a trade-off between improving the model's generalization while maintaining its performance on the original task. Models trained with self-supervised learning (SSL) tend to generalize better than their supervised counterparts for transfer learning; yet, they still lag behind supervised models on IN1K. In this paper, we propose a supervised learning setup that leverages the best of both worlds. We enrich the common supervised training framework using two key components of recent SSL models: multi-scale crops for data augmentation and the use of an expendable projector head. We replace the last layer of class weights with class prototypes computed on the fly using a memory bank. We show that these three improvements lead to a more favorable trade-off between the IN1K training task and 13 transfer tasks. Over all the explored configurations, we single out two models: t-ReX that achieves a new state of the art for transfer learning and outperforms top methods such as DINO and PAWS on IN1K, and t-ReX* that matches the highly optimized RSB-A1 model on IN1K while performing better on transfer tasks. Project page and pretrained models: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://europe.naverlabs.com/t-rex" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 7.Learning Underrepresented Classes from Decentralized Partially Labeled Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15353.pdf)
>  Using decentralized data for federated training is one promising emerging research direction for alleviating data scarcity in the medical domain. However, in contrast to large-scale fully labeled data commonly seen in general object recognition tasks, the local medical datasets are more likely to only have images annotated for a subset of classes of interest due to high annotation costs. In this paper, we consider a practical yet under-explored problem, where underrepresented classes only have few labeled instances available and only exist in a few clients of the federated system. We show that standard federated learning approaches fail to learn robust multi-label classifiers with extreme class imbalance and address it by proposing a novel federated learning framework, FedFew. FedFew consists of three stages, where the first stage leverages federated self-supervised learning to learn class-agnostic representations. In the second stage, the decentralized partially labeled data are exploited to learn an energy-based multi-label classifier for the common classes. Finally, the underrepresented classes are detected based on the energy and a prototype-based nearest-neighbor model is proposed for few-shot matching. We evaluate FedFew on multi-label thoracic disease classification tasks and demonstrate that it outperforms the federated baselines by a large margin.      
### 8.Deep Learning to See: Towards New Foundations of Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15351.pdf)
>  The remarkable progress in computer vision over the last few years is, by and large, attributed to deep learning, fueled by the availability of huge sets of labeled data, and paired with the explosive growth of the GPU paradigm. While subscribing to this view, this book criticizes the supposed scientific progress in the field and proposes the investigation of vision within the framework of information-based laws of nature. Specifically, the present work poses fundamental questions about vision that remain far from understood, leading the reader on a journey populated by novel challenges resonating with the foundations of machine learning. The central thesis is that for a deeper understanding of visual computational processes, it is necessary to look beyond the applications of general purpose machine learning algorithms and focus instead on appropriate learning theories that take into account the spatiotemporal nature of the visual signal.      
### 9.Revisiting Competitive Coding Approach for Palmprint Recognition: A Linear Discriminant Analysis Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15349.pdf)
>  The competitive Coding approach (CompCode) is one of the most promising methods for palmprint recognition. Due to its high performance and simple formulation, it has been continuously studied for many years. However, although numerous variations of CompCode have been proposed, a detailed analysis of the method is still absent. In this paper, we provide a detailed analysis of CompCode from the perspective of linear discriminant analysis (LDA) for the first time. A non-trivial sufficient condition under which the CompCode is optimal in the sense of Fisher's criterion is presented. Based on our analysis, we examined the statistics of palmprints and concluded that CompCode deviates from the optimal condition. To mitigate the deviation, we propose a new method called Class-Specific CompCode that improves CompCode by excluding non-palm-line areas from matching. A nonlinear mapping of the competitive code is also applied in this method to further enhance accuracy. Experiments on two public databases demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 10.Neural Annotation Refinement: Development of a New 3D Dataset for Adrenal Gland Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15328.pdf)
>  The human annotations are imperfect, especially when produced by junior practitioners. Multi-expert consensus is usually regarded as golden standard, while this annotation protocol is too expensive to implement in many real-world projects. In this study, we propose a method to refine human annotation, named Neural Annotation Refinement (NeAR). It is based on a learnable implicit function, which decodes a latent vector into represented shape. By integrating the appearance as an input of implicit functions, the appearance-aware NeAR fixes the annotation artefacts. Our method is demonstrated on the application of adrenal gland analysis. We first show that the NeAR can repair distorted golden standards on a public adrenal gland segmentation dataset. Besides, we develop a new Adrenal gLand ANalysis (ALAN) dataset with the proposed NeAR, where each case consists of a 3D shape of adrenal gland and its diagnosis label (normal vs. abnormal) assigned by experts. We show that models trained on the shapes repaired by the NeAR can diagnose adrenal glands better than the original ones. The ALAN dataset will be open-source, with 1,594 shapes for adrenal gland diagnosis, which serves as a new benchmark for medical shape analysis. Code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/M3DV/NeAR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Self-SuperFlow: Self-supervised Scene Flow Prediction in Stereo Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15296.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep neural networks showed their exceeding capabilities in addressing many computer vision tasks including scene flow prediction. However, most of the advances are dependent on the availability of a vast amount of dense per pixel ground truth annotations, which are very difficult to obtain for real life scenarios. Therefore, synthetic data is often relied upon for supervision, resulting in a representation gap between the training and test data. Even though a great quantity of unlabeled real world data is available, there is a huge lack in self-supervised methods for scene flow prediction. Hence, we explore the extension of a self-supervised loss based on the Census transform and occlusion-aware bidirectional displacements for the problem of scene flow prediction. Regarding the KITTI scene flow benchmark, our method outperforms the corresponding supervised pre-training of the same network and shows improved generalization capabilities while achieving much faster convergence.      
### 12.TINC: Temporally Informed Non-Contrastive Learning for Disease Progression Modeling in Retinal OCT Volumes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15282.pdf)
>  Recent contrastive learning methods achieved state-of-the-art in low label regimes. However, the training requires large batch sizes and heavy augmentations to create multiple views of an image. With non-contrastive methods, the negatives are implicitly incorporated in the loss, allowing different images and modalities as pairs. Although the meta-information (i.e., age, sex) in medical imaging is abundant, the annotations are noisy and prone to class imbalance. In this work, we exploited already existing temporal information (different visits from a patient) in a longitudinal optical coherence tomography (OCT) dataset using temporally informed non-contrastive loss (TINC) without increasing complexity and need for negative pairs. Moreover, our novel pair-forming scheme can avoid heavy augmentations and implicitly incorporates the temporal information in the pairs. Finally, these representations learned from the pretraining are more successful in predicting disease progression where the temporal information is crucial for the downstream task. More specifically, our model outperforms existing models in predicting the risk of conversion within a time frame from intermediate age-related macular degeneration (AMD) to the late wet-AMD stage.      
### 13.Multiclass-SGCN: Sparse Graph-based Trajectory Prediction with Agent Class Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15275.pdf)
>  Trajectory prediction of road users in real-world scenarios is challenging because their movement patterns are stochastic and complex. Previous pedestrian-oriented works have been successful in modelling the complex interactions among pedestrians, but fail in predicting trajectories when other types of road users are involved (e.g., cars, cyclists, etc.), because they ignore user types. Although a few recent works construct densely connected graphs with user label information, they suffer from superfluous spatial interactions and temporal dependencies. To address these issues, we propose Multiclass-SGCN, a sparse graph convolution network based approach for multi-class trajectory prediction that takes into consideration velocity and agent label information and uses a novel interaction mask to adaptively decide the spatial and temporal connections of agents based on their interaction scores. The proposed approach significantly outperformed state-of-the-art approaches on the Stanford Drone Dataset, providing more realistic and plausible trajectory predictions.      
### 14.Submission to Generic Event Boundary Detection Challenge@CVPR 2022: Local Context Modeling and Global Boundary Decoding Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15268.pdf)
>  Generic event boundary detection (GEBD) is an important yet challenging task in video understanding, which aims at detecting the moments where humans naturally perceive event boundaries. In this paper, we present a local context modeling and global boundary decoding approach for GEBD task. Local context modeling sub-network is proposed to perceive diverse patterns of generic event boundaries, and it generates powerful video representations and reliable boundary confidence. Based on them, global boundary decoding sub-network is exploited to decode event boundaries from a global view. Our proposed method achieves 85.13% F1-score on Kinetics-GEBD testing set, which achieves a more than 22% F1-score boost compared to the baseline method. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JackyTown/GEBD_Challenge_CVPR2022" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Neural Surface Reconstruction of Dynamic Scenes with Monocular RGB-D Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15258.pdf)
>  We propose Neural-DynamicReconstruction (NDR), a template-free method to recover high-fidelity geometry and motions of a dynamic scene from a monocular RGB-D camera. In NDR, we adopt the neural implicit function for surface representation and rendering such that the captured color and depth can be fully utilized to jointly optimize the surface and deformations. To represent and constrain the non-rigid deformations, we propose a novel neural invertible deforming network such that the cycle consistency between arbitrary two frames is automatically satisfied. Considering that the surface topology of dynamic scene might change over time, we employ a topology-aware strategy to construct the topology-variant correspondence for the fused frames. NDR also further refines the camera poses in a global optimization manner. Experiments on public datasets and our collected dataset demonstrate that NDR outperforms existing monocular dynamic reconstruction methods.      
### 16.Neural Rendering for Stereo 3D Reconstruction of Deformable Tissues in Robotic Surgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15255.pdf)
>  Reconstruction of the soft tissues in robotic surgery from endoscopic stereo videos is important for many applications such as intra-operative navigation and image-guided robotic surgery automation. Previous works on this task mainly rely on SLAM-based approaches, which struggle to handle complex surgical scenes. Inspired by recent progress in neural rendering, we present a novel framework for deformable tissue reconstruction from binocular captures in robotic surgery under the single-viewpoint setting. Our framework adopts dynamic neural radiance fields to represent deformable surgical scenes in MLPs and optimize shapes and deformations in a learning-based manner. In addition to non-rigid deformations, tool occlusion and poor 3D clues from a single viewpoint are also particular challenges in soft tissue reconstruction. To overcome these difficulties, we present a series of strategies of tool mask-guided ray casting, stereo depth-cueing ray marching and stereo depth-supervised optimization. With experiments on DaVinci robotic surgery videos, our method significantly outperforms the current state-of-the-art reconstruction method for handling various complex non-rigid deformations. To our best knowledge, this is the first work leveraging neural rendering for surgical scene 3D reconstruction with remarkable potential demonstrated. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/med-air/EndoNeRF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.CTrGAN: Cycle Transformers GAN for Gait Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15248.pdf)
>  We attempt for the first time to address the problem of gait transfer. In contrast to motion transfer, the objective here is not to imitate the source's normal motions, but rather to transform the source's motion into a typical gait pattern for the target. Using gait recognition models, we demonstrate that existing techniques yield a discrepancy that can be easily detected. We introduce a novel model, Cycle Transformers GAN (CTrGAN), that can successfully generate the target's natural gait. CTrGAN's generators consist of a decoder and encoder, both Transformers, where the attention is on the temporal domain between complete images rather than the spatial domain between patches. While recent Transformer studies in computer vision mainly focused on discriminative tasks, we introduce an architecture that can be applied to synthesis tasks. Using a widely-used gait recognition dataset, we demonstrate that our approach is capable of producing over an order of magnitude more realistic personalized gaits than existing methods, even when used with sources that were not available during training.      
### 18.Multi-Granularity Regularized Re-Balancing for Class Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15189.pdf)
>  Deep learning models suffer from catastrophic forgetting when learning new tasks incrementally. Incremental learning has been proposed to retain the knowledge of old classes while learning to identify new classes. A typical approach is to use a few exemplars to avoid forgetting old knowledge. In such a scenario, data imbalance between old and new classes is a key issue that leads to performance degradation of the model. Several strategies have been designed to rectify the bias towards the new classes due to data imbalance. However, they heavily rely on the assumptions of the bias relation between old and new classes. Therefore, they are not suitable for complex real-world applications. In this study, we propose an assumption-agnostic method, Multi-Granularity Regularized re-Balancing (MGRB), to address this problem. Re-balancing methods are used to alleviate the influence of data imbalance; however, we empirically discover that they would under-fit new classes. To this end, we further design a novel multi-granularity regularization term that enables the model to consider the correlations of classes in addition to re-balancing the data. A class hierarchy is first constructed by grouping the semantically or visually similar classes. The multi-granularity regularization then transforms the one-hot label vector into a continuous label distribution, which reflects the relations between the target class and other classes based on the constructed class hierarchy. Thus, the model can learn the inter-class relational information, which helps enhance the learning of both old and new classes. Experimental results on both public datasets and a real-world fault diagnosis dataset verify the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 19.Out-of-Distribution Detection for Long-tailed and Fine-grained Skin Lesion Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15186.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed a rapid development of automated methods for skin lesion diagnosis and classification. Due to an increasing deployment of such systems in clinics, it has become important to develop a more robust system towards various Out-of-Distribution(OOD) samples (unknown skin lesions and conditions). However, the current deep learning models trained for skin lesion classification tend to classify these OOD samples incorrectly into one of their learned skin lesion categories. To address this issue, we propose a simple yet strategic approach that improves the OOD detection performance while maintaining the multi-class classification accuracy for the known categories of skin lesion. To specify, this approach is built upon a realistic scenario of a long-tailed and fine-grained OOD detection task for skin lesion images. Through this approach, 1) First, we target the mixup amongst middle and tail classes to address the long-tail problem. 2) Later, we combine the above mixup strategy with prototype learning to address the fine-grained nature of the dataset. The unique contribution of this paper is two-fold, justified by extensive experiments. First, we present a realistic problem setting of OOD task for skin lesion. Second, we propose an approach to target the long-tailed and fine-grained aspects of the problem setting simultaneously to increase the OOD performance.      
### 20.HRFuser: A Multi-resolution Sensor Fusion Architecture for 2D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15157.pdf)
>  Besides standard cameras, autonomous vehicles typically include multiple additional sensors, such as lidars and radars, which help acquire richer information for perceiving the content of the driving scene. While several recent works focus on fusing certain pairs of sensors - such as camera and lidar or camera and radar - by using architectural components specific to the examined setting, a generic and modular sensor fusion architecture is missing from the literature. In this work, we focus on 2D object detection, a fundamental high-level task which is defined on the 2D image domain, and propose HRFuser, a multi-resolution sensor fusion architecture that scales straightforwardly to an arbitrary number of input modalities. The design of HRFuser is based on state-of-the-art high-resolution networks for image-only dense prediction and incorporates a novel multi-window cross-attention block as the means to perform fusion of multiple modalities at multiple resolutions. Even though cameras alone provide very informative features for 2D detection, we demonstrate via extensive experiments on the nuScenes and Seeing Through Fog datasets that our model effectively leverages complementary features from additional modalities, substantially improving upon camera-only performance and consistently outperforming state-of-the-art fusion methods for 2D detection both in normal and adverse conditions. The source code will be made publicly available.      
### 21.BoxGraph: Semantic Place Recognition and Pose Estimation from 3D LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15154.pdf)
>  This paper is about extremely robust and lightweight localisation using LiDAR point clouds based on instance segmentation and graph matching. We model 3D point clouds as fully-connected graphs of semantically identified components where each vertex corresponds to an object instance and encodes its shape. Optimal vertex association across graphs allows for full 6-Degree-of-Freedom (DoF) pose estimation and place recognition by measuring similarity. This representation is very concise, condensing the size of maps by a factor of 25 against the state-of-the-art, requiring only 3kB to represent a 1.4MB laser scan. We verify the efficacy of our system on the SemanticKITTI dataset, where we achieve a new state-of-the-art in place recognition, with an average of 88.4% recall at 100% precision where the next closest competitor follows with 64.9%. We also show accurate metric pose estimation performance - estimating 6-DoF pose with median errors of 10 cm and 0.33 deg.      
### 22.DFGC 2022: The Second DeepFake Game Competition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15138.pdf)
>  This paper presents the summary report on our DFGC 2022 competition. The DeepFake is rapidly evolving, and realistic face-swaps are becoming more deceptive and difficult to detect. On the contrary, methods for detecting DeepFakes are also improving. There is a two-party game between DeepFake creators and defenders. This competition provides a common platform for benchmarking the game between the current state-of-the-arts in DeepFake creation and detection methods. The main research question to be answered by this competition is the current state of the two adversaries when competed with each other. This is the second edition after the last year's DFGC 2021, with a new, more diverse video dataset, a more realistic game setting, and more reasonable evaluation metrics. With this competition, we aim to stimulate research ideas for building better defenses against the DeepFake threats. We also release our DFGC 2022 dataset contributed by both our participants and ourselves to enrich the DeepFake data resources for the research community (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NiCE-X/DFGC-2022" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 23.Detecting and Recovering Adversarial Examples from Extracting Non-robust and Highly Predictive Adversarial Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15128.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have been shown to be vulnerable against adversarial examples (AEs) which are maliciously designed to fool target models. The normal examples (NEs) added with imperceptible adversarial perturbation, can be a security threat to DNNs. Although the existing AEs detection methods have achieved a high accuracy, they failed to exploit the information of the AEs detected. Thus, based on high-dimension perturbation extraction, we propose a model-free AEs detection method, the whole process of which is free from querying the victim model. Research shows that DNNs are sensitive to the high-dimension features. The adversarial perturbation hiding in the adversarial example belongs to the high-dimension feature which is highly predictive and non-robust. DNNs learn more details from high-dimension data than others. In our method, the perturbation extractor can extract the adversarial perturbation from AEs as high-dimension feature, then the trained AEs discriminator determines whether the input is an AE. Experimental results show that the proposed method can not only detect the adversarial examples with high accuracy, but also detect the specific category of the AEs. Meanwhile, the extracted perturbation can be used to recover the AEs to NEs.      
### 24.MKIoU Loss: Towards Accurate Oriented Object Detection in Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15109.pdf)
>  Oriented bounding box regression is crucial for oriented object detection. However, regression-based methods often suffer from boundary problems and the inconsistency between loss and evaluation metrics. In this paper, a modulated Kalman IoU loss of approximate SkewIoU is proposed, named MKIoU. To avoid boundary problems, we convert the oriented bounding box to Gaussian distribution, then use the Kalman filter to approximate the intersection area. However, there exists significant difference between the calculated and actual intersection areas. Thus, we propose a modulation factor to adjust the sensitivity of angle deviation and width-height offset to loss variation, making the loss more consistent with the evaluation metric. Furthermore, the Gaussian modeling method avoids the boundary problem but causes the angle confusion of square objects simultaneously. Thus, the Gaussian Angle Loss (GA Loss) is presented to solve this problem by adding a corrected loss for square targets. The proposed GA Loss can be easily extended to other Gaussian-based methods. Experiments on three publicly available aerial image datasets, DOTA, UCAS-AOD, and HRSC2016, show the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 25.Skeleton-based Action Recognition via Adaptive Cross-Form Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15085.pdf)
>  Skeleton-based action recognition aims to project skeleton sequences to action categories, where skeleton sequences are derived from multiple forms of pre-detected points. Compared with earlier methods that focus on exploring single-form skeletons via Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs), existing methods tend to improve GCNs by leveraging multi-form skeletons due to their complementary cues. However, these methods (either adapting structure of GCNs or model ensemble) require the co-existence of all forms of skeletons during both training and inference stages, while a typical situation in real life is the existence of only partial forms for inference. To tackle this issue, we present Adaptive Cross-Form Learning (ACFL), which empowers well-designed GCNs to generate complementary representation from single-form skeletons without changing model capacity. Specifically, each GCN model in ACFL not only learns action representation from the single-form skeletons, but also adaptively mimics useful representations derived from other forms of skeletons. In this way, each GCN can learn how to strengthen what has been learned, thus exploiting model potential and facilitating action recognition as well. Extensive experiments conducted on three challenging benchmarks, i.e., NTU-RGB+D 120, NTU-RGB+D 60 and UAV-Human, demonstrate the effectiveness and generalizability of the proposed method. Specifically, the ACFL significantly improves various GCN models (i.e., CTR-GCN, MS-G3D, and Shift-GCN), achieving a new record for skeleton-based action recognition.      
### 26.Hierarchical Mask Calibration for Unified Domain Adaptive Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15083.pdf)
>  Domain adaptive panoptic segmentation aims to mitigate data annotation challenge by leveraging off-the-shelf annotated data in one or multiple related source domains. However, existing studies employ two networks for instance segmentation and semantic segmentation separately which lead to a large amount of network parameters with complicated and computationally intensive training and inference processes. We design UniDAPS, a Unified Domain Adaptive Panoptic Segmentation network that is simple but capable of achieving domain adaptive instance segmentation and semantic segmentation simultaneously within a single network. UniDAPS introduces Hierarchical Mask Calibration (HMC) that rectifies the predicted pseudo masks, pseudo superpixels and pseudo pixels and performs network re-training via an online self-training process on the fly. It has three unique features: 1) it enables unified domain adaptive panoptic adaptation; 2) it mitigates false predictions and improves domain adaptive panoptic segmentation effectively; 3) it is end-to-end trainable with much less parameters and simpler training and inference pipeline. Extensive experiments over multiple public benchmarks show that UniDAPS achieves superior domain adaptive panoptic segmentation as compared with the state-of-the-art.      
### 27.Timestamp-Supervised Action Segmentation with Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15031.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel approach for temporal activity segmentation with timestamp supervision. Our main contribution is a graph convolutional network, which is learned in an end-to-end manner to exploit both frame features and connections between neighboring frames to generate dense framewise labels from sparse timestamp labels. The generated dense framewise labels can then be used to train the segmentation model. In addition, we propose a framework for alternating learning of both the segmentation model and the graph convolutional model, which first initializes and then iteratively refines the learned models. Detailed experiments on four public datasets, including 50 Salads, GTEA, Breakfast, and Desktop Assembly, show that our method is superior to the multi-layer perceptron baseline, while performing on par with or better than the state of the art in temporal activity segmentation with timestamp supervision.      
### 28.Exploring Temporally Dynamic Data Augmentation for Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15015.pdf)
>  Data augmentation has recently emerged as an essential component of modern training recipes for visual recognition tasks. However, data augmentation for video recognition has been rarely explored despite its effectiveness. Few existing augmentation recipes for video recognition naively extend the image augmentation methods by applying the same operations to the whole video frames. Our main idea is that the magnitude of augmentation operations for each frame needs to be changed over time to capture the real-world video's temporal variations. These variations should be generated as diverse as possible using fewer additional hyper-parameters during training. Through this motivation, we propose a simple yet effective video data augmentation framework, DynaAugment. The magnitude of augmentation operations on each frame is changed by an effective mechanism, Fourier Sampling that parameterizes diverse, smooth, and realistic temporal variations. DynaAugment also includes an extended search space suitable for video for automatic data augmentation methods. DynaAugment experimentally demonstrates that there are additional performance rooms to be improved from static augmentations on diverse video models. Specifically, we show the effectiveness of DynaAugment on various video datasets and tasks: large-scale video recognition (Kinetics-400 and Something-Something-v2), small-scale video recognition (UCF- 101 and HMDB-51), fine-grained video recognition (Diving-48 and FineGym), video action segmentation on Breakfast, video action localization on THUMOS'14, and video object detection on MOT17Det. DynaAugment also enables video models to learn more generalized representation to improve the model robustness on the corrupted videos.      
### 29.Spatial Transformer Network with Transfer Learning for Small-scale Fine-grained Skeleton-based Tai Chi Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15002.pdf)
>  Human action recognition is a quite hugely investigated area where most remarkable action recognition networks usually use large-scale coarse-grained action datasets of daily human actions as inputs to state the superiority of their networks. We intend to recognize our small-scale fine-grained Tai Chi action dataset using neural networks and propose a transfer-learning method using NTU RGB+D dataset to pre-train our network. More specifically, the proposed method first uses a large-scale NTU RGB+D dataset to pre-train the Transformer-based network for action recognition to extract common features among human motion. Then we freeze the network weights except for the fully connected (FC) layer and take our Tai Chi actions as inputs only to train the initialized FC weights. Experimental results show that our general model pipeline can reach a high accuracy of small-scale fine-grained Tai Chi action recognition with even few inputs and demonstrate that our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance compared with previous Tai Chi action recognition methods.      
### 30.Cross-domain Federated Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14996.pdf)
>  Detection models trained by one party (server) may face severe performance degradation when distributed to other users (clients). For example, in autonomous driving scenarios, different driving environments may bring obvious domain shifts, which lead to biases in model predictions. Federated learning that has emerged in recent years can enable multi-party collaborative training without leaking client data. In this paper, we focus on a special cross-domain scenario where the server contains large-scale data and multiple clients only contain a small amount of data; meanwhile, there exist differences in data distributions among the clients. In this case, traditional federated learning techniques cannot take into account the learning of both the global knowledge of all participants and the personalized knowledge of a specific client. To make up for this limitation, we propose a cross-domain federated object detection framework, named FedOD. In order to learn both the global knowledge and the personalized knowledge in different domains, the proposed framework first performs the federated training to obtain a public global aggregated model through multi-teacher distillation, and sends the aggregated model back to each client for finetuning its personalized local model. After very few rounds of communication, on each client we can perform weighted ensemble inference on the public global model and the personalized local model. With the ensemble, the generalization performance of the client-side model can outperform a single model with the same parameter scale. We establish a federated object detection dataset which has significant background differences and instance differences based on multiple public autonomous driving datasets, and then conduct extensive experiments on the dataset. The experimental results validate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 31.A Unified End-to-End Retriever-Reader Framework for Knowledge-based VQA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14989.pdf)
>  Knowledge-based Visual Question Answering (VQA) expects models to rely on external knowledge for robust answer prediction. Though significant it is, this paper discovers several leading factors impeding the advancement of current state-of-the-art methods. On the one hand, methods which exploit the explicit knowledge take the knowledge as a complement for the coarsely trained VQA model. Despite their effectiveness, these approaches often suffer from noise incorporation and error propagation. On the other hand, pertaining to the implicit knowledge, the multi-modal implicit knowledge for knowledge-based VQA still remains largely unexplored. This work presents a unified end-to-end retriever-reader framework towards knowledge-based VQA. In particular, we shed light on the multi-modal implicit knowledge from vision-language pre-training models to mine its potential in knowledge reasoning. As for the noise problem encountered by the retrieval operation on explicit knowledge, we design a novel scheme to create pseudo labels for effective knowledge supervision. This scheme is able to not only provide guidance for knowledge retrieval, but also drop these instances potentially error-prone towards question answering. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct extensive experiments on the benchmark dataset. The experimental results reveal that our method outperforms existing baselines by a noticeable margin. Beyond the reported numbers, this paper further spawns several insights on knowledge utilization for future research with some empirical findings.      
### 32.Benchmarking the Robustness of Deep Neural Networks to Common Corruptions in Digital Pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14973.pdf)
>  When designing a diagnostic model for a clinical application, it is crucial to guarantee the robustness of the model with respect to a wide range of image corruptions. Herein, an easy-to-use benchmark is established to evaluate how deep neural networks perform on corrupted pathology images. Specifically, corrupted images are generated by injecting nine types of common corruptions into validation images. Besides, two classification and one ranking metrics are designed to evaluate the prediction and confidence performance under corruption. Evaluated on two resulting benchmark datasets, we find that (1) a variety of deep neural network models suffer from a significant accuracy decrease (double the error on clean images) and the unreliable confidence estimation on corrupted images; (2) A low correlation between the validation and test errors while replacing the validation set with our benchmark can increase the correlation. Our codes are available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/superjamessyx/robustness_benchmark" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Boosting 3D Object Detection by Simulating Multimodality on Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14971.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new approach to boost a single-modality (LiDAR) 3D object detector by teaching it to simulate features and responses that follow a multi-modality (LiDAR-image) detector. The approach needs LiDAR-image data only when training the single-modality detector, and once well-trained, it only needs LiDAR data at inference. We design a novel framework to realize the approach: response distillation to focus on the crucial response samples and avoid the background samples; sparse-voxel distillation to learn voxel semantics and relations from the estimated crucial voxels; a fine-grained voxel-to-point distillation to better attend to features of small and distant objects; and instance distillation to further enhance the deep-feature consistency. Experimental results on the nuScenes dataset show that our approach outperforms all SOTA LiDAR-only 3D detectors and even surpasses the baseline LiDAR-image detector on the key NDS metric, filling 72% mAP gap between the single- and multi-modality detectors.      
### 34.NeRF, meet differential geometry!  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14938.pdf)
>  Neural radiance fields, or NeRF, represent a breakthrough in the field of novel view synthesis and 3D modeling of complex scenes from multi-view image collections. Numerous recent works have been focusing on making the models more robust, by means of regularization, so as to be able to train with possibly inconsistent and/or very sparse data. In this work, we scratch the surface of how differential geometry can provide regularization tools for robustly training NeRF-like models, which are modified so as to represent continuous and infinitely differentiable functions. In particular, we show how these tools yield a direct mathematical formalism of previously proposed NeRF variants aimed at improving the performance in challenging conditions (i.e. RegNeRF). Based on this, we show how the same formalism can be used to natively encourage the regularity of surfaces (by means of Gaussian and Mean Curvatures) making it possible, for example, to learn surfaces from a very limited number of views.      
### 35.On Non-Random Missing Labels in Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14923.pdf)
>  Semi-Supervised Learning (SSL) is fundamentally a missing label problem, in which the label Missing Not At Random (MNAR) problem is more realistic and challenging, compared to the widely-adopted yet naive Missing Completely At Random assumption where both labeled and unlabeled data share the same class distribution. Different from existing SSL solutions that overlook the role of "class" in causing the non-randomness, e.g., users are more likely to label popular classes, we explicitly incorporate "class" into SSL. Our method is three-fold: 1) We propose Class-Aware Propensity (CAP) that exploits the unlabeled data to train an improved classifier using the biased labeled data. 2) To encourage rare class training, whose model is low-recall but high-precision that discards too many pseudo-labeled data, we propose Class-Aware Imputation (CAI) that dynamically decreases (or increases) the pseudo-label assignment threshold for rare (or frequent) classes. 3) Overall, we integrate CAP and CAI into a Class-Aware Doubly Robust (CADR) estimator for training an unbiased SSL model. Under various MNAR settings and ablations, our method not only significantly outperforms existing baselines but also surpasses other label bias removal SSL methods. Please check our code at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JoyHuYY1412/CADR-FixMatch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.Semantic Unfolding of StyleGAN Latent Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14892.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have proven to be surprisingly efficient for image editing by inverting and manipulating the latent code corresponding to an input real image. This editing property emerges from the disentangled nature of the latent space. In this paper, we identify that the facial attribute disentanglement is not optimal, thus facial editing relying on linear attribute separation is flawed. We thus propose to improve semantic disentanglement with supervision. Our method consists in learning a proxy latent representation using normalizing flows, and we show that this leads to a more efficient space for face image editing.      
### 37.Causality for Inherently Explainable Transformers: CAT-XPLAIN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14841.pdf)
>  There have been several post-hoc explanation approaches developed to explain pre-trained black-box neural networks. However, there is still a gap in research efforts toward designing neural networks that are inherently explainable. In this paper, we utilize a recently proposed instance-wise post-hoc causal explanation method to make an existing transformer architecture inherently explainable. Once trained, our model provides an explanation in the form of top-$k$ regions in the input space of the given instance contributing to its decision. We evaluate our method on binary classification tasks using three image datasets: MNIST, FMNIST, and CIFAR. Our results demonstrate that compared to the causality-based post-hoc explainer model, our inherently explainable model achieves better explainability results while eliminating the need of training a separate explainer model. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mvrl/CAT-XPLAIN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Dressing Avatars: Deep Photorealistic Appearance for Physically Simulated Clothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15470.pdf)
>  Despite recent progress in developing animatable full-body avatars, realistic modeling of clothing - one of the core aspects of human self-expression - remains an open challenge. State-of-the-art physical simulation methods can generate realistically behaving clothing geometry at interactive rate. Modeling photorealistic appearance, however, usually requires physically-based rendering which is too expensive for interactive applications. On the other hand, data-driven deep appearance models are capable of efficiently producing realistic appearance, but struggle at synthesizing geometry of highly dynamic clothing and handling challenging body-clothing configurations. To this end, we introduce pose-driven avatars with explicit modeling of clothing that exhibit both realistic clothing dynamics and photorealistic appearance learned from real-world data. The key idea is to introduce a neural clothing appearance model that operates on top of explicit geometry: at train time we use high-fidelity tracking, whereas at animation time we rely on physically simulated geometry. Our key contribution is a physically-inspired appearance network, capable of generating photorealistic appearance with view-dependent and dynamic shadowing effects even for unseen body-clothing configurations. We conduct a thorough evaluation of our model and demonstrate diverse animation results on several subjects and different types of clothing. Unlike previous work on photorealistic full-body avatars, our approach can produce much richer dynamics and more realistic deformations even for loose clothing. We also demonstrate that our formulation naturally allows clothing to be used with avatars of different people while staying fully animatable, thus enabling, for the first time, photorealistic avatars with novel clothing.      
### 39.Watch and Match: Supercharging Imitation with Regularized Optimal Transport  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15469.pdf)
>  Imitation learning holds tremendous promise in learning policies efficiently for complex decision making problems. Current state-of-the-art algorithms often use inverse reinforcement learning (IRL), where given a set of expert demonstrations, an agent alternatively infers a reward function and the associated optimal policy. However, such IRL approaches often require substantial online interactions for complex control problems. In this work, we present Regularized Optimal Transport (ROT), a new imitation learning algorithm that builds on recent advances in optimal transport based trajectory-matching. Our key technical insight is that adaptively combining trajectory-matching rewards with behavior cloning can significantly accelerate imitation even with only a few demonstrations. Our experiments on 20 visual control tasks across the DeepMind Control Suite, the OpenAI Robotics Suite, and the Meta-World Benchmark demonstrate an average of 7.8X faster imitation to reach 90% of expert performance compared to prior state-of-the-art methods. On real-world robotic manipulation, with just one demonstration and an hour of online training, ROT achieves an average success rate of 90.1% across 14 tasks.      
### 40.Asymmetry Disentanglement Network for Interpretable Acute Ischemic Stroke Infarct Segmentation in Non-Contrast CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15445.pdf)
>  Accurate infarct segmentation in non-contrast CT (NCCT) images is a crucial step toward computer-aided acute ischemic stroke (AIS) assessment. In clinical practice, bilateral symmetric comparison of brain hemispheres is usually used to locate pathological abnormalities. Recent research has explored asymmetries to assist with AIS segmentation. However, most previous symmetry-based work mixed different types of asymmetries when evaluating their contribution to AIS. In this paper, we propose a novel Asymmetry Disentanglement Network (ADN) to automatically separate pathological asymmetries and intrinsic anatomical asymmetries in NCCTs for more effective and interpretable AIS segmentation. ADN first performs asymmetry disentanglement based on input NCCTs, which produces different types of 3D asymmetry maps. Then a synthetic, intrinsic-asymmetry-compensated and pathology-asymmetry-salient NCCT volume is generated and later used as input to a segmentation network. The training of ADN incorporates domain knowledge and adopts a tissue-type aware regularization loss function to encourage clinically-meaningful pathological asymmetry extraction. Coupled with an unsupervised 3D transformation network, ADN achieves state-of-the-art AIS segmentation performance on a public NCCT dataset. In addition to the superior performance, we believe the learned clinically-interpretable asymmetry maps can also provide insights towards a better understanding of AIS assessment. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nihaomiao/MICCAI22_ADN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Ensemble CNN models for Covid-19 Recognition and Severity Perdition From 3D CT-scan  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15431.pdf)
>  Since the appearance of Covid-19 in late 2019, Covid-19 has become an active research topic for the artificial intelligence (AI) community. One of the most interesting AI topics is Covid-19 analysis of medical imaging. CT-scan imaging is the most informative tool about this disease. This work is part of the 2nd COV19D competition, where two challenges are set: Covid-19 Detection and Covid-19 Severity Detection from the CT-scans. For Covid-19 detection from CT-scans, we proposed an ensemble of 2D Convolution blocks with Densenet-161 models. Here, each 2D convolutional block with Densenet-161 architecture is trained separately and in testing phase, the ensemble model is based on the average of their probabilities. On the other hand, we proposed an ensemble of Convolutional Layers with Inception models for Covid-19 severity detection. In addition to the Convolutional Layers, three Inception variants were used, namely Inception-v3, Inception-v4 and Inception-Resnet. Our proposed approaches outperformed the baseline approach in the validation data of the 2nd COV19D competition by 11% and 16% for Covid-19 detection and Covid-19 severity detection, respectively.      
### 42.Interpretable Anomaly Detection in Echocardiograms with Dynamic Variational Trajectory Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15316.pdf)
>  We propose a novel anomaly detection method for echocardiogram videos. The introduced method takes advantage of the periodic nature of the heart cycle to learn different variants of a variational latent trajectory model (TVAE). The models are trained on the healthy samples of an in-house dataset of infant echocardiogram videos consisting of multiple chamber views to learn a normative prior of the healthy population. During inference, maximum a posteriori (MAP) based anomaly detection is performed to detect out-of-distribution samples in our dataset. The proposed method reliably identifies severe congenital heart defects, such as Ebstein's Anomaly or Shonecomplex. Moreover, it achieves superior performance over MAP-based anomaly detection with standard variational autoencoders on the task of detecting pulmonary hypertension and right ventricular dilation. Finally, we demonstrate that the proposed method provides interpretable explanations of its output through heatmaps which highlight the regions corresponding to anomalous heart structures.      
### 43.Exposing and addressing the fragility of neural networks in digital pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15274.pdf)
>  Neural networks have achieved impressive results in many medical imaging tasks but often perform substantially worse on out-of-distribution datasets originating from different medical centres or patient cohorts. Evaluating this lack of ability to generalise and address the underlying problem are the two main challenges in developing neural networks intended for clinical practice. <br>In this study, we develop a new method for evaluating neural network models' ability to generalise by generating a large number of distribution-shifted datasets, which can be used to thoroughly investigate their robustness to variability encountered in clinical practice. Compared to external validation, \textit{shifted evaluation} can provide explanations for why neural networks fail on a given dataset, thus offering guidance on how to improve model robustness. With shifted evaluation, we demonstrate that neural networks, trained with state-of-the-art methods, are highly fragile to even small distribution shifts from training data, and in some cases lose all discrimination ability. <br>To address this fragility, we develop an augmentation strategy, explicitly designed to increase neural networks' robustness to distribution shifts. \texttt{StrongAugment} is evaluated with large-scale, heterogeneous histopathology data including five training datasets from two tissue types, 274 distribution-shifted datasets and 20 external datasets from four countries. Neural networks trained with \texttt{StrongAugment} retain similar performance on all datasets, even with distribution shifts where networks trained with current state-of-the-art methods lose all discrimination ability. We recommend using strong augmentation and shifted evaluation to train and evaluate all neural networks intended for clinical practice.      
### 44.Localizing the Recurrent Laryngeal Nerve via Ultrasound with a Bayesian Shape Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15254.pdf)
>  Tumor infiltration of the recurrent laryngeal nerve (RLN) is a contraindication for robotic thyroidectomy and can be difficult to detect via standard laryngoscopy. Ultrasound (US) is a viable alternative for RLN detection due to its safety and ability to provide real-time feedback. However, the tininess of the RLN, with a diameter typically less than 3mm, poses significant challenges to the accurate localization of the RLN. In this work, we propose a knowledge-driven framework for RLN localization, mimicking the standard approach surgeons take to identify the RLN according to its surrounding organs. We construct a prior anatomical model based on the inherent relative spatial relationships between organs. Through Bayesian shape alignment (BSA), we obtain the candidate coordinates of the center of a region of interest (ROI) that encloses the RLN. The ROI allows a decreased field of view for determining the refined centroid of the RLN using a dual-path identification network, based on multi-scale semantic information. Experimental results indicate that the proposed method achieves superior hit rates and substantially smaller distance errors compared with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 45.Implicit U-Net for volumetric medical image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15217.pdf)
>  U-Net has been the go-to architecture for medical image segmentation tasks, however computational challenges arise when extending the U-Net architecture to 3D images. We propose the Implicit U-Net architecture that adapts the efficient Implicit Representation paradigm to supervised image segmentation tasks. By combining a convolutional feature extractor with an implicit localization network, our implicit U-Net has 40% less parameters than the equivalent U-Net. Moreover, we propose training and inference procedures to capitalize sparse predictions. When comparing to an equivalent fully convolutional U-Net, Implicit U-Net reduces by approximately 30% inference and training time as well as training memory footprint while achieving comparable results in our experiments with two different abdominal CT scan datasets.      
### 46.The (de)biasing effect of GAN-based augmentation methods on skin lesion images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15182.pdf)
>  New medical datasets are now more open to the public, allowing for better and more extensive research. Although prepared with the utmost care, new datasets might still be a source of spurious correlations that affect the learning process. Moreover, data collections are usually not large enough and are often unbalanced. One approach to alleviate the data imbalance is using data augmentation with Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) to extend the dataset with high-quality images. GANs are usually trained on the same biased datasets as the target data, resulting in more biased instances. This work explored unconditional and conditional GANs to compare their bias inheritance and how the synthetic data influenced the models. We provided extensive manual data annotation of possibly biasing artifacts on the well-known ISIC dataset with skin lesions. In addition, we examined classification models trained on both real and synthetic data with counterfactual bias explanations. Our experiments showed that GANs inherited biases and sometimes even amplified them, leading to even stronger spurious correlations. Manual data annotation and synthetic images are publicly available for reproducible scientific research.      
### 47.A Medical Image Fusion Method based on MDLatLRRv2  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15179.pdf)
>  Since MDLatLRR only considers detailed parts (salient features) of input images extracted by latent low-rank representation (LatLRR), it doesn't use base parts (principal features) extracted by LatLRR effectively. Therefore, we proposed an improved multi-level decomposition method called MDLatLRRv2 which effectively analyzes and utilizes all the image features obtained by LatLRR. Then we apply MDLatLRRv2 to medical image fusion. The base parts are fused by average strategy and the detail parts are fused by nuclear-norm operation. The comparison with the existing methods demonstrates that the proposed method can achieve state-of-the-art fusion performance in objective and subjective assessment.      
### 48.LiDAR-as-Camera for End-to-End Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15170.pdf)
>  The core task of any autonomous driving system is to transform sensory inputs into driving commands. In end-to-end driving, this is achieved via a neural network, with one or multiple cameras as the most commonly used input and low-level driving command, e.g. steering angle, as output. However, depth-sensing has been shown in simulation to make the end-to-end driving task easier. On a real car, combining depth and visual information can be challenging, due to the difficulty of obtaining good spatial and temporal alignment of the sensors. To alleviate alignment problems, Ouster LiDARs can output surround-view LiDAR-images with depth, intensity, and ambient radiation channels. These measurements originate from the same sensor, rendering them perfectly aligned in time and space. We demonstrate that such LiDAR-images are sufficient for the real-car road-following task and perform at least equally to camera-based models in the tested conditions, with the difference increasing when needing to generalize to new weather conditions. In the second direction of study, we reveal that the temporal smoothness of off-policy prediction sequences correlates equally well with actual on-policy driving ability as the commonly used mean absolute error.      
### 49.InsMix: Towards Realistic Generative Data Augmentation for Nuclei Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15134.pdf)
>  Nuclei Segmentation from histology images is a fundamental task in digital pathology analysis. However, deep-learning-based nuclei segmentation methods often suffer from limited annotations. This paper proposes a realistic data augmentation method for nuclei segmentation, named InsMix, that follows a Copy-Paste-Smooth principle and performs morphology-constrained generative instance augmentation. Specifically, we propose morphology constraints that enable the augmented images to acquire luxuriant information about nuclei while maintaining their morphology characteristics (e.g., geometry and location). To fully exploit the pixel redundancy of the background and improve the model's robustness, we further propose a background perturbation method, which randomly shuffles the background patches without disordering the original nuclei distribution. To achieve contextual consistency between original and template instances, a smooth-GAN is designed with a foreground similarity encoder (FSE) and a triplet loss. We validated the proposed method on two datasets, i.e., Kumar and CPS datasets. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of each component and the superior performance achieved by our method to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 50.Custom Pretrainings and Adapted 3D-ConvNeXt Architecture for COVID Detection and Severity Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15073.pdf)
>  Since COVID strongly affects the respiratory system, lung CT scans can be used for the analysis of a patients health. We introduce an neural network for the prediction of the severity of lung damage and the detection of infection using three-dimensional CT-scans. Therefore, we adapt the recent ConvNeXt model to process three-dimensional data. Furthermore, we introduce different pretraining methods specifically adjusted to improve the models ability to handle three-dimensional CT-data. In order to test the performance of our model, we participate in the 2nd COV19D Competition for severity prediction and infection detection.      
### 51.PVT-COV19D: Pyramid Vision Transformer for COVID-19 Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15069.pdf)
>  With the outbreak of COVID-19, a large number of relevant studies have emerged in recent years. We propose an automatic COVID-19 diagnosis framework based on lung CT scan images, the PVT-COV19D. In order to accommodate the different dimensions of the image input, we first classified the images using Transformer models, then sampled the images in the dataset according to normal distribution, and fed the sampling results into the modified PVTv2 model for training. A large number of experiments on the COV19-CT-DB dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 52.GSCLIP : A Framework for Explaining Distribution Shifts in Natural Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.15007.pdf)
>  Helping end users comprehend the abstract distribution shifts can greatly facilitate AI deployment. Motivated by this, we propose a novel task, dataset explanation. Given two image data sets, dataset explanation aims to automatically point out their dataset-level distribution shifts with natural language. Current techniques for monitoring distribution shifts provide inadequate information to understand datasets with the goal of improving data quality. Therefore, we introduce GSCLIP, a training-free framework to solve the dataset explanation task. In GSCLIP, we propose the selector as the first quantitative evaluation method to identify explanations that are proper to summarize dataset shifts. Furthermore, we leverage this selector to demonstrate the superiority of a generator based on language model generation. Systematic evaluation on natural data shift verifies that GSCLIP, a combined system of a hybrid generator group and an efficient selector is not only easy-to-use but also powerful for dataset explanation at scale.      
### 53.CLTS-GAN: Color-Lighting-Texture-Specular Reflection Augmentation for Colonoscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14951.pdf)
>  Automated analysis of optical colonoscopy (OC) video frames (to assist endoscopists during OC) is challenging due to variations in color, lighting, texture, and specular reflections. Previous methods either remove some of these variations via preprocessing (making pipelines cumbersome) or add diverse training data with annotations (but expensive and time-consuming). We present CLTS-GAN, a new deep learning model that gives fine control over color, lighting, texture, and specular reflection synthesis for OC video frames. We show that adding these colonoscopy-specific augmentations to the training data can improve state-of-the-art polyp detection/segmentation methods as well as drive next generation of OC simulators for training medical students. The code and pre-trained models for CLTS-GAN are available on Computational Endoscopy Platform GitHub (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nadeemlab/CEP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 54.Identifying and Combating Bias in Segmentation Networks by leveraging multiple resolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14919.pdf)
>  Exploration of bias has significant impact on the transparency and applicability of deep learning pipelines in medical settings, yet is so far woefully understudied. In this paper, we consider two separate groups for which training data is only available at differing image resolutions. For group H, available images and labels are at the preferred high resolution while for group L only deprecated lower resolution data exist. We analyse how this resolution-bias in the data distribution propagates to systematically biased predictions for group L at higher resolutions. Our results demonstrate that single-resolution training settings result in significant loss of volumetric group differences that translate to erroneous segmentations as measured by DSC and subsequent classification failures on the low resolution group. We further explore how training data across resolutions can be used to combat this systematic bias. Specifically, we investigate the effect of image resampling, scale augmentation and resolution independence and demonstrate that biases can effectively be reduced with multi-resolution approaches.      
### 55.CIRDataset: A large-scale Dataset for Clinically-Interpretable lung nodule Radiomics and malignancy prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14903.pdf)
>  Spiculations/lobulations, sharp/curved spikes on the surface of lung nodules, are good predictors of lung cancer malignancy and hence, are routinely assessed and reported by radiologists as part of the standardized Lung-RADS clinical scoring criteria. Given the 3D geometry of the nodule and 2D slice-by-slice assessment by radiologists, manual spiculation/lobulation annotation is a tedious task and thus no public datasets exist to date for probing the importance of these clinically-reported features in the SOTA malignancy prediction algorithms. As part of this paper, we release a large-scale Clinically-Interpretable Radiomics Dataset, CIRDataset, containing 956 radiologist QA/QC'ed spiculation/lobulation annotations on segmented lung nodules from two public datasets, LIDC-IDRI (N=883) and LUNGx (N=73). We also present an end-to-end deep learning model based on multi-class Voxel2Mesh extension to segment nodules (while preserving spikes), classify spikes (sharp/spiculation and curved/lobulation), and perform malignancy prediction. Previous methods have performed malignancy prediction for LIDC and LUNGx datasets but without robust attribution to any clinically reported/actionable features (due to known hyperparameter sensitivity issues with general attribution schemes). With the release of this comprehensively-annotated CIRDataset and end-to-end deep learning baseline, we hope that malignancy prediction methods can validate their explanations, benchmark against our baseline, and provide clinically-actionable insights. Dataset, code, pretrained models, and docker containers are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nadeemlab/CIR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.Teach me how to Interpolate a Myriad of Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14868.pdf)
>  Mixup refers to interpolation-based data augmentation, originally motivated as a way to go beyond empirical risk minimization (ERM). Yet, its extensions focus on the definition of interpolation and the space where it takes place, while the augmentation itself is less studied: For a mini-batch of size $m$, most methods interpolate between $m$ pairs with a single scalar interpolation factor $\lambda$. <br>In this work, we make progress in this direction by introducing MultiMix, which interpolates an arbitrary number $n$ of tuples, each of length $m$, with one vector $\lambda$ per tuple. On sequence data, we further extend to dense interpolation and loss computation over all spatial positions. Overall, we increase the number of tuples per mini-batch by orders of magnitude at little additional cost. This is possible by interpolating at the very last layer before the classifier. Finally, to address inconsistencies due to linear target interpolation, we introduce a self-distillation approach to generate and interpolate synthetic targets. <br>We empirically show that our contributions result in significant improvement over state-of-the-art mixup methods on four benchmarks. By analyzing the embedding space, we observe that the classes are more tightly clustered and uniformly spread over the embedding space, thereby explaining the improved behavior.      
### 57.Two-Stage COVID19 Classification Using BERT Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14861.pdf)
>  We propose an automatic COVID1-19 diagnosis framework from lung CT-scan slice images using double BERT feature extraction. In the first BERT feature extraction, A 3D-CNN is first used to extract CNN internal feature maps. Instead of using the global average pooling, a late BERT temporal pooing is used to aggregate the temporal information in these feature maps, followed by a classification layer. This 3D-CNN-BERT classification network is first trained on sampled fixed number of slice images from every original CT scan volume. In the second stage, the 3D-CNN-BERT embedding features are extracted on all slice images of every CT scan volume, and these features are averaged into a fixed number of segments. Then another BERT network is used to aggregate these multiple features into a single feature followed by another classification layer. The classification results of both stages are combined to generate final outputs. On the validation dataset, we achieve macro F1 score of 0.9164.      
### 58.Neural Motion Fields: Encoding Grasp Trajectories as Implicit Value Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14854.pdf)
>  The pipeline of current robotic pick-and-place methods typically consists of several stages: grasp pose detection, finding inverse kinematic solutions for the detected poses, planning a collision-free trajectory, and then executing the open-loop trajectory to the grasp pose with a low-level tracking controller. While these grasping methods have shown good performance on grasping static objects on a table-top, the problem of grasping dynamic objects in constrained environments remains an open problem. We present Neural Motion Fields, a novel object representation which encodes both object point clouds and the relative task trajectories as an implicit value function parameterized by a neural network. This object-centric representation models a continuous distribution over the SE(3) space and allows us to perform grasping reactively by leveraging sampling-based MPC to optimize this value function.      
### 59.Deep Reinforcement Learning for Small Bowel Path Tracking using Different Types of Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14847.pdf)
>  Small bowel path tracking is a challenging problem considering its many folds and contact along its course. For the same reason, it is very costly to achieve the ground-truth (GT) path of the small bowel in 3D. In this work, we propose to train a deep reinforcement learning tracker using datasets with different types of annotations. Specifically, we utilize CT scans that have only GT small bowel segmentation as well as ones with the GT path. It is enabled by designing a unique environment that is compatible for both, including a reward definable even without the GT path. The performed experiments proved the validity of the proposed method. The proposed method holds a high degree of usability in this problem by being able to utilize the scans with weak annotations, and thus by possibly reducing the required annotation cost.      
### 60.Strong Lensing Source Reconstruction Using Continuous Neural Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.14820.pdf)
>  From the nature of dark matter to the rate of expansion of our Universe, observations of distant galaxies distorted through strong gravitational lensing have the potential to answer some of the major open questions in astrophysics. Modeling galaxy-galaxy strong lensing observations presents a number of challenges as the exact configuration of both the background source and foreground lens galaxy is unknown. A timely call, prompted by a number of upcoming surveys anticipating high-resolution lensing images, demands methods that can efficiently model lenses at their full complexity. In this work, we introduce a method that uses continuous neural fields to non-parametrically reconstruct the complex morphology of a source galaxy while simultaneously inferring a distribution over foreground lens galaxy configurations. We demonstrate the efficacy of our method through experiments on simulated data targeting high-resolution lensing images similar to those anticipated in near-future astrophysical surveys.      
