# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 14 Jul 2022
### 1.3D Concept Grounding on Neural Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06403.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the challenging problem of 3D concept grounding (i.e. segmenting and learning visual concepts) by looking at RGBD images and reasoning about paired questions and answers. Existing visual reasoning approaches typically utilize supervised methods to extract 2D segmentation masks on which concepts are grounded. In contrast, humans are capable of grounding concepts on the underlying 3D representation of images. However, traditionally inferred 3D representations (e.g., point clouds, voxelgrids, and meshes) cannot capture continuous 3D features flexibly, thus making it challenging to ground concepts to 3D regions based on the language description of the object being referred to. To address both issues, we propose to leverage the continuous, differentiable nature of neural fields to segment and learn concepts. Specifically, each 3D coordinate in a scene is represented as a high-dimensional descriptor. Concept grounding can then be performed by computing the similarity between the descriptor vector of a 3D coordinate and the vector embedding of a language concept, which enables segmentations and concept learning to be jointly learned on neural fields in a differentiable fashion. As a result, both 3D semantic and instance segmentations can emerge directly from question answering supervision using a set of defined neural operators on top of neural fields (e.g., filtering and counting). Experimental results show that our proposed framework outperforms unsupervised/language-mediated segmentation models on semantic and instance segmentation tasks, as well as outperforms existing models on the challenging 3D aware visual reasoning tasks. Furthermore, our framework can generalize well to unseen shape categories and real scans.      
### 2.PyMAF-X: Towards Well-aligned Full-body Model Regression from Monocular Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06400.pdf)
>  Regression-based methods can estimate body, hand, and even full-body models from monocular images by directly mapping raw pixels to the model parameters in a feed-forward manner. However, minor deviation in parameters may lead to noticeable misalignment between the estimated meshes and input images, especially in the context of full-body mesh recovery. To address this issue, we propose a Pyramidal Mesh Alignment Feedback (PyMAF) loop in our regression network for well-aligned human mesh recovery and extend it to PyMAF-X for the recovery of expressive full-body models. The core idea of PyMAF is to leverage a feature pyramid and rectify the predicted parameters explicitly based on the mesh-image alignment status. Specifically, given the currently predicted parameters, mesh-aligned evidences will be extracted from finer-resolution features accordingly and fed back for parameter rectification. To enhance the alignment perception, an auxiliary dense supervision is employed to provide mesh-image correspondence guidance while a spatial alignment attention is introduced to enable the awareness of the global contexts for our network. When extending PyMAF for full-body mesh recovery, an adaptive integration strategy is proposed in PyMAF-X to adjust the elbow-twist rotations, which produces natural wrist poses while maintaining the well-aligned performance of the part-specific estimations. The efficacy of our approach is validated on several benchmark datasets for body-only and full-body mesh recovery, where PyMAF and PyMAF-X effectively improve the mesh-image alignment and achieve new state-of-the-art results. The project page with code and video results can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.liuyebin.com/pymaf-x" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Water Surface Patch Classification Using Mixture Augmentation for River Scum Index  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06388.pdf)
>  Urban rivers provide a water environment that influences residential living. River surface monitoring has become crucial for making decisions about where to prioritize cleaning and when to automatically start the cleaning treatment. We focus on the organic mud, or "scum" that accumulates on the river's surface and gives it its peculiar odor and external economic effects on the landscape. Because of its feature of a sparsely distributed and unstable pattern of organic shape, automating the monitoring has proved difficult. We propose a patch classification pipeline to detect scum features on the river surface using mixture image augmentation to increase the diversity between the scum floating on the river and the entangled background on the river surface reflected by nearby structures like buildings, bridges, poles, and barriers. Furthermore, we propose a scum index covered on rivers to help monitor worse grade online, collecting floating scum and deciding on chemical treatment policies. Finally, we show how to use our method on a time series dataset with frames every ten minutes recording river scum events over several days. We discuss the value of our pipeline and its experimental findings.      
### 4.A General Framework for Partial to Full Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06387.pdf)
>  Image registration is a research field in which images must be compared and aligned independently of the point of view or camera characteristics. In some applications (such as forensic biometrics, satellite photography or outdoor scene identification) classical image registration systems fail due to one of the images compared represents a tiny piece of the other image. For instance, in forensics palmprint recognition, it is usual to find only a small piece of the palmprint, but in the database, the whole palmprint has been enrolled. The main reason of the poor behaviour of classical image registration methods is the gap between the amounts of salient points of both images, which is related to the number of points to be considered as outliers. Usually, the difficulty of finding a good match increases when the image that represents the tiny part of the scene has been drastically rotated. Again, in the case of palmprint forensics, it is difficult to decide a priori the orientation of the found tiny palmprint image. We present a rotation invariant registration method that explicitly considers that the image to be matched is a small piece of a larger image. We have experimentally validated our method in two different scenarios; palmprint identification and outdoor image registration.      
### 5.Radar Image Reconstruction from Raw ADC Data using Parametric Variational Autoencoder with Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06379.pdf)
>  This paper presents a parametric variational autoencoder-based human target detection and localization framework working directly with the raw analog-to-digital converter data from the frequency modulated continous wave radar. We propose a parametrically constrained variational autoencoder, with residual and skip connections, capable of generating the clustered and localized target detections on the range-angle image. Furthermore, to circumvent the problem of training the proposed neural network on all possible scenarios using real radar data, we propose domain adaptation strategies whereby we first train the neural network using ray tracing based model data and then adapt the network to work on real sensor data. This strategy ensures better generalization and scalability of the proposed neural network even though it is trained with limited radar data. We demonstrate the superior detection and localization performance of our proposed solution compared to the conventional signal processing pipeline and earlier state-of-art deep U-Net architecture with range-doppler images as inputs      
### 6.Joint Prediction of Monocular Depth and Structure using Planar and Parallax Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06351.pdf)
>  Supervised learning depth estimation methods can achieve good performance when trained on high-quality ground-truth, like LiDAR data. However, LiDAR can only generate sparse 3D maps which causes losing information. Obtaining high-quality ground-truth depth data per pixel is difficult to acquire. In order to overcome this limitation, we propose a novel approach combining structure information from a promising Plane and Parallax geometry pipeline with depth information into a U-Net supervised learning network, which results in quantitative and qualitative improvement compared to existing popular learning-based methods. In particular, the model is evaluated on two large-scale and challenging datasets: KITTI Vision Benchmark and Cityscapes dataset and achieve the best performance in terms of relative error. Compared with pure depth supervision models, our model has impressive performance on depth prediction of thin objects and edges, and compared to structure prediction baseline, our model performs more robustly.      
### 7.You Only Align Once: Bidirectional Interaction for Spatial-Temporal Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06345.pdf)
>  Spatial-Temporal Video Super-Resolution (ST-VSR) technology generates high-quality videos with higher resolution and higher frame rates. Existing advanced methods accomplish ST-VSR tasks through the association of Spatial and Temporal video super-resolution (S-VSR and T-VSR). These methods require two alignments and fusions in S-VSR and T-VSR, which is obviously redundant and fails to sufficiently explore the information flow of consecutive spatial LR frames. Although bidirectional learning (future-to-past and past-to-future) was introduced to cover all input frames, the direct fusion of final predictions fails to sufficiently exploit intrinsic correlations of bidirectional motion learning and spatial information from all frames. We propose an effective yet efficient recurrent network with bidirectional interaction for ST-VSR, where only one alignment and fusion is needed. Specifically, it first performs backward inference from future to past, and then follows forward inference to super-resolve intermediate frames. The backward and forward inferences are assigned to learn structures and details to simplify the learning task with joint optimizations. Furthermore, a Hybrid Fusion Module (HFM) is designed to aggregate and distill information to refine spatial information and reconstruct high-quality video frames. Extensive experiments on two public datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods in efficiency, and reduces calculation cost by about 22%.      
### 8.6D Camera Relocalization in Visually Ambiguous Extreme Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06333.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method to reliably estimate the pose of a camera given a sequence of images acquired in extreme environments such as deep seas or extraterrestrial terrains. Data acquired under these challenging conditions are corrupted by textureless surfaces, image degradation, and presence of repetitive and highly ambiguous structures. When naively deployed, the state-of-the-art methods can fail in those scenarios as confirmed by our empirical analysis. In this paper, we attempt to make camera relocalization work in these extreme situations. To this end, we propose: (i) a hierarchical localization system, where we leverage temporal information and (ii) a novel environment-aware image enhancement method to boost the robustness and accuracy. Our extensive experimental results demonstrate superior performance in favor of our method under two extreme settings: localizing an autonomous underwater vehicle and localizing a planetary rover in a Mars-like desert. In addition, our method achieves comparable performance with state-of-the-art methods on the indoor benchmark (7-Scenes dataset) using only 20% training data.      
### 9.Symmetry-Aware Transformer-based Mirror Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06332.pdf)
>  Mirror detection aims to identify the mirror regions in the given input image. Existing works mainly focus on integrating the semantic features and structural features to mine the similarity and discontinuity between mirror and non-mirror regions, or introducing depth information to help analyze the existence of mirrors. In this work, we observe that a real object typically forms a loose symmetry relationship with its corresponding reflection in the mirror, which is beneficial in distinguishing mirrors from real objects. Based on this observation, we propose a dual-path Symmetry-Aware Transformer-based mirror detection Network (SATNet), which includes two novel modules: Symmetry-Aware Attention Module (SAAM) and Contrast and Fusion Decoder Module (CFDM). Specifically, we first introduce the transformer backbone to model global information aggregation in images, extracting multi-scale features in two paths. We then feed the high-level dual-path features to SAAMs to capture the symmetry relations. Finally, we fuse the dual-path features and refine our prediction maps progressively with CFDMs to obtain the final mirror mask. Experimental results show that SATNet outperforms both RGB and RGB-D mirror detection methods on all available mirror detection datasets.      
### 10.PointNorm: Normalization is All You Need for Point Cloud Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06324.pdf)
>  Point cloud analysis is challenging due to the irregularity of the point cloud data structure. Existing works typically employ the ad-hoc sampling-grouping operation of PointNet++, followed by sophisticated local and/or global feature extractors for leveraging the 3D geometry of the point cloud. Unfortunately, those intricate hand-crafted model designs have led to poor inference latency and performance saturation in the last few years. In this paper, we point out that the classical sampling-grouping operations on the irregular point cloud cause learning difficulty for the subsequent MLP layers. To reduce the irregularity of the point cloud, we introduce a DualNorm module after the sampling-grouping operation. The DualNorm module consists of Point Normalization, which normalizes the grouped points to the sampled points, and Reverse Point Normalization, which normalizes the sampled points to the grouped points. The proposed PointNorm utilizes local mean and global standard deviation to benefit from both local and global features while maintaining a faithful inference speed. Experiments on point cloud classification show that we achieved state-of-the-art accuracy on ModelNet40 and ScanObjectNN datasets. We also generalize our model to point cloud part segmentation and demonstrate competitive performance on the ShapeNetPart dataset. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShenZheng2000/PointNorm-for-Point-Cloud-Analysis" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Implicit Neural Representations for Generative Modeling of Living Cell Shapes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06283.pdf)
>  Methods allowing the synthesis of realistic cell shapes could help generate training data sets to improve cell tracking and segmentation in biomedical images. Deep generative models for cell shape synthesis require a light-weight and flexible representation of the cell shape. However, commonly used voxel-based representations are unsuitable for high-resolution shape synthesis, and polygon meshes have limitations when modeling topology changes such as cell growth or mitosis. In this work, we propose to use level sets of signed distance functions (SDFs) to represent cell shapes. We optimize a neural network as an implicit neural representation of the SDF value at any point in a 3D+time domain. The model is conditioned on a latent code, thus allowing the synthesis of new and unseen shape sequences. We validate our approach quantitatively and qualitatively on C. elegans cells that grow and divide, and lung cancer cells with growing complex filopodial protrusions. Our results show that shape descriptors of synthetic cells resemble those of real cells, and that our model is able to generate topologically plausible sequences of complex cell shapes in 3D+time.      
### 12.ACLNet: An Attention and Clustering-based Cloud Segmentation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06277.pdf)
>  We propose a novel deep learning model named ACLNet, for cloud segmentation from ground images. ACLNet uses both deep neural network and machine learning (ML) algorithm to extract complementary features. Specifically, it uses EfficientNet-B0 as the backbone, "`a trous spatial pyramid pooling" (ASPP) to learn at multiple receptive fields, and "global attention module" (GAM) to extract finegrained details from the image. ACLNet also uses k-means clustering to extract cloud boundaries more precisely. ACLNet is effective for both daytime and nighttime images. It provides lower error rate, higher recall and higher F1-score than state-of-art cloud segmentation models. The source-code of ACLNet is available here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ckmvigil/ACLNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Organic Priors in Non-Rigid Structure from Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06262.pdf)
>  This paper advocates the use of organic priors in classical non-rigid structure from motion (NRSfM). By organic priors, we mean invaluable intermediate prior information intrinsic to the NRSfM matrix factorization theory. It is shown that such priors reside in the factorized matrices, and quite surprisingly, existing methods generally disregard them. The paper's main contribution is to put forward a simple, methodical, and practical method that can effectively exploit such organic priors to solve NRSfM. The proposed method does not make assumptions other than the popular one on the low-rank shape and offers a reliable solution to NRSfM under orthographic projection. Our work reveals that the accessibility of organic priors is independent of the camera motion and shape deformation type. Besides that, the paper provides insights into the NRSfM factorization -- both in terms of shape and motion -- and is the first approach to show the benefit of single rotation averaging for NRSfM. Furthermore, we outline how to effectively recover motion and non-rigid 3D shape using the proposed organic prior based approach and demonstrate results that outperform prior-free NRSfM performance by a significant margin. Finally, we present the benefits of our method via extensive experiments and evaluations on several benchmark datasets.      
### 14.Is Appearance Free Action Recognition Possible?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06261.pdf)
>  Intuition might suggest that motion and dynamic information are key to video-based action recognition. In contrast, there is evidence that state-of-the-art deep-learning video understanding architectures are biased toward static information available in single frames. Presently, a methodology and corresponding dataset to isolate the effects of dynamic information in video are missing. Their absence makes it difficult to understand how well contemporary architectures capitalize on dynamic vs. static information. We respond with a novel Appearance Free Dataset (AFD) for action recognition. AFD is devoid of static information relevant to action recognition in a single frame. Modeling of the dynamics is necessary for solving the task, as the action is only apparent through consideration of the temporal dimension. We evaluated 11 contemporary action recognition architectures on AFD as well as its related RGB video. Our results show a notable decrease in performance for all architectures on AFD compared to RGB. We also conducted a complimentary study with humans that shows their recognition accuracy on AFD and RGB is very similar and much better than the evaluated architectures on AFD. Our results motivate a novel architecture that revives explicit recovery of optical flow, within a contemporary design for best performance on AFD and RGB.      
### 15.Image warp preserving content intensity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06256.pdf)
>  An accurate method for warping images is presented. Differently from most commonly used techniques, this method guarantees the conservation of the intensity of the transformed image, evaluated as the sum of its pixel values over the whole image or over corresponding transformed subregions of it. Such property is mandatory for quantitative analysis, as, for instance, when deformed images are used to assess radiances, to measure optical fluxes from light sources, or to characterize material optical densities. The proposed method enforces area resampling by decomposing each rectangular pixel in two triangles, and projecting the pixel intensity onto half pixels of the transformed image, with weights proportional to the area of overlap of the triangular half-pixels. The result is quantitatively exact, as long as the original pixel value is assumed to represent a constant image density within the pixel area, and as long as the coordinate transformation is diffeomorphic. Implementation details and possible variations of the method are discussed.      
### 16.Context-Consistent Semantic Image Editing with Style-Preserved Modulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06252.pdf)
>  Semantic image editing utilizes local semantic label maps to generate the desired content in the edited region. A recent work borrows SPADE block to achieve semantic image editing. However, it cannot produce pleasing results due to style discrepancy between the edited region and surrounding pixels. We attribute this to the fact that SPADE only uses an image-independent local semantic layout but ignores the image-specific styles included in the known pixels. To address this issue, we propose a style-preserved modulation (SPM) comprising two modulations processes: The first modulation incorporates the contextual style and semantic layout, and then generates two fused modulation parameters. The second modulation employs the fused parameters to modulate feature maps. By using such two modulations, SPM can inject the given semantic layout while preserving the image-specific context style. Moreover, we design a progressive architecture for generating the edited content in a coarse-to-fine manner. The proposed method can obtain context-consistent results and significantly alleviate the unpleasant boundary between the generated regions and the known pixels.      
### 17.SlimSeg: Slimmable Semantic Segmentation with Boundary Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06242.pdf)
>  Accurate semantic segmentation models typically require significant computational resources, inhibiting their use in practical applications. Recent works rely on well-crafted lightweight models to achieve fast inference. However, these models cannot flexibly adapt to varying accuracy and efficiency requirements. In this paper, we propose a simple but effective slimmable semantic segmentation (SlimSeg) method, which can be executed at different capacities during inference depending on the desired accuracy-efficiency tradeoff. More specifically, we employ parametrized channel slimming by stepwise downward knowledge distillation during training. Motivated by the observation that the differences between segmentation results of each submodel are mainly near the semantic borders, we introduce an additional boundary guided semantic segmentation loss to further improve the performance of each submodel. We show that our proposed SlimSeg with various mainstream networks can produce flexible models that provide dynamic adjustment of computational cost and better performance than independent models. Extensive experiments on semantic segmentation benchmarks, Cityscapes and CamVid, demonstrate the generalization ability of our framework.      
### 18.Entry-Flipped Transformer for Inference and Prediction of Participant Behavior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06235.pdf)
>  Some group activities, such as team sports and choreographed dances, involve closely coupled interaction between participants. Here we investigate the tasks of inferring and predicting participant behavior, in terms of motion paths and actions, under such conditions. We narrow the problem to that of estimating how a set target participants react to the behavior of other observed participants. Our key idea is to model the spatio-temporal relations among participants in a manner that is robust to error accumulation during frame-wise inference and prediction. We propose a novel Entry-Flipped Transformer (EF-Transformer), which models the relations of participants by attention mechanisms on both spatial and temporal domains. Unlike typical transformers, we tackle the problem of error accumulation by flipping the order of query, key, and value entries, to increase the importance and fidelity of observed features in the current frame. Comparative experiments show that our EF-Transformer achieves the best performance on a newly-collected tennis doubles dataset, a Ceilidh dance dataset, and two pedestrian datasets. Furthermore, it is also demonstrated that our EF-Transformer is better at limiting accumulated errors and recovering from wrong estimations.      
### 19.Beyond Hard Labels: Investigating data label distributions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06224.pdf)
>  High-quality data is a key aspect of modern machine learning. However, labels generated by humans suffer from issues like label noise and class ambiguities. We raise the question of whether hard labels are sufficient to represent the underlying ground truth distribution in the presence of these inherent imprecision. Therefore, we compare the disparity of learning with hard and soft labels quantitatively and qualitatively for a synthetic and a real-world dataset. We show that the application of soft labels leads to improved performance and yields a more regular structure of the internal feature space.      
### 20.Is one annotation enough? A data-centric image classification benchmark for noisy and ambiguous label estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06214.pdf)
>  High-quality data is necessary for modern machine learning. However, the acquisition of such data is difficult due to noisy and ambiguous annotations of humans. The aggregation of such annotations to determine the label of an image leads to a lower data quality. We propose a data-centric image classification benchmark with nine real-world datasets and multiple annotations per image to investigate and quantify the impact of such data quality issues. We focus on a data-centric perspective by asking how we could improve the data quality. Across thousands of experiments, we show that multiple annotations allow a better approximation of the real underlying class distribution. We identify that hard labels can not capture the ambiguity of the data and this might lead to the common issue of overconfident models. Based on the presented datasets, benchmark baselines, and analysis, we create multiple research opportunities for the future.      
### 21.Sample-dependent Adaptive Temperature Scaling for Improved Calibration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06211.pdf)
>  It is now well known that neural networks can be wrong with high confidence in their predictions, leading to poor calibration. The most common post-hoc approach to compensate for this is to perform temperature scaling, which adjusts the confidences of the predictions on any input by scaling the logits by a fixed value. Whilst this approach typically improves the average calibration across the whole test dataset, this improvement typically reduces the individual confidences of the predictions irrespective of whether the classification of a given input is correct or incorrect. With this insight, we base our method on the observation that different samples contribute to the calibration error by varying amounts, with some needing to increase their confidence and others needing to decrease it. Therefore, for each input, we propose to predict a different temperature value, allowing us to adjust the mismatch between confidence and accuracy at a finer granularity. Furthermore, we observe improved results on OOD detection and can also extract a notion of hardness for the data-points. Our method is applied post-hoc, consequently using very little computation time and with a negligible memory footprint and is applied to off-the-shelf pre-trained classifiers. We test our method on the ResNet50 and WideResNet28-10 architectures using the CIFAR10/100 and Tiny-ImageNet datasets, showing that producing per-data-point temperatures is beneficial also for the expected calibration error across the whole test set. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/thwjoy/adats" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Trans4Map: Revisiting Holistic Top-down Mapping from Egocentric Images to Allocentric Semantics with Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06205.pdf)
>  Humans have an innate ability to sense their surroundings, as they can extract the spatial representation from the egocentric perception and form an allocentric semantic map via spatial transformation and memory updating. However, endowing mobile agents with such a spatial sensing ability is still a challenge, due to two difficulties: (1) the previous convolutional models are limited by the local receptive field, thus, struggling to capture holistic long-range dependencies during observation; (2) the excessive computational budgets required for success, often lead to a separation of the mapping pipeline into stages, resulting the entire mapping process inefficient. To address these issues, we propose an end-to-end one-stage Transformer-based framework for Mapping, termed Trans4Map. Our egocentric-to-allocentric mapping process includes three steps: (1) the efficient transformer extracts the contextual features from a batch of egocentric images; (2) the proposed Bidirectional Allocentric Memory (BAM) module projects egocentric features into the allocentric memory; (3) the map decoder parses the accumulated memory and predicts the top-down semantic segmentation map. In contrast, Trans4Map achieves state-of-the-art results, reducing 67.2% parameters, yet gaining a +3.25% mIoU and a +4.09% mBF1 improvements on the Matterport3D dataset. Code will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jamycheung/Trans4Map" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Adversarially-Aware Robust Object Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06202.pdf)
>  Object detection, as a fundamental computer vision task, has achieved a remarkable progress with the emergence of deep neural networks. Nevertheless, few works explore the adversarial robustness of object detectors to resist adversarial attacks for practical applications in various real-world scenarios. Detectors have been greatly challenged by unnoticeable perturbation, with sharp performance drop on clean images and extremely poor performance on adversarial images. In this work, we empirically explore the model training for adversarial robustness in object detection, which greatly attributes to the conflict between learning clean images and adversarial images. To mitigate this issue, we propose a Robust Detector (RobustDet) based on adversarially-aware convolution to disentangle gradients for model learning on clean and adversarial images. RobustDet also employs the Adversarial Image Discriminator (AID) and Consistent Features with Reconstruction (CFR) to ensure a reliable robustness. Extensive experiments on PASCAL VOC and MS-COCO demonstrate that our model effectively disentangles gradients and significantly enhances the detection robustness with maintaining the detection ability on clean images.      
### 24.Multi-modal Depression Estimation based on Sub-attentional Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06180.pdf)
>  Failure to timely diagnose and effectively treat depression leads to over 280 million people suffering from this psychological disorder worldwide. The information cues of depression can be harvested from diverse heterogeneous resources, e.g., audio, visual, and textual data, raising demand for new effective multi-modal fusion approaches for its automatic estimation. In this work, we tackle the task of automatically identifying depression from multi-modal data and introduce a sub-attention mechanism for linking heterogeneous information while leveraging Convolutional Bidirectional LSTM as our backbone. To validate this idea, we conduct extensive experiments on the public DAIC-WOZ benchmark for depression assessment featuring different evaluation modes and taking gender-specific biases into account. The proposed model yields effective results with 0.89 precision and 0.70 F1-score in detecting major depression and 4.92 MAE in estimating the severity. Our attention-based fusion module consistently outperforms conventional late fusion approaches and achieves a competitive performance compared to the previously published depression estimation frameworks, while learning to diagnose the disorder end-to-end and relying on far less preprocessing steps.      
### 25.Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning by Synchronous Momentum Grouping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06167.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a genuine group-level contrastive visual representation learning method whose linear evaluation performance on ImageNet surpasses the vanilla supervised learning. Two mainstream unsupervised learning schemes are the instance-level contrastive framework and clustering-based schemes. The former adopts the extremely fine-grained instance-level discrimination whose supervisory signal is not efficient due to the false negatives. Though the latter solves this, they commonly come with some restrictions affecting the performance. To integrate their advantages, we design the SMoG method. SMoG follows the framework of contrastive learning but replaces the contrastive unit from instance to group, mimicking clustering-based methods. To achieve this, we propose the momentum grouping scheme which synchronously conducts feature grouping with representation learning. In this way, SMoG solves the problem of supervisory signal hysteresis which the clustering-based method usually faces, and reduces the false negatives of instance contrastive methods. We conduct exhaustive experiments to show that SMoG works well on both CNN and Transformer backbones. Results prove that SMoG has surpassed the current SOTA unsupervised representation learning methods. Moreover, its linear evaluation results surpass the performances obtained by vanilla supervised learning and the representation can be well transferred to downstream tasks.      
### 26.Robust and accurate depth estimation by fusing LiDAR and Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06139.pdf)
>  Depth estimation is one of the key technologies in some fields such as autonomous driving and robot navigation. However, the traditional method of using a single sensor is inevitably limited by the performance of the sensor. Therefore, a precision and robust method for fusing the LiDAR and stereo cameras is proposed. This method fully combines the advantages of the LiDAR and stereo camera, which can retain the advantages of the high precision of the LiDAR and the high resolution of images respectively. Compared with the traditional stereo matching method, the texture of the object and lighting conditions have less influence on the algorithm. Firstly, the depth of the LiDAR data is converted to the disparity of the stereo camera. Because the density of the LiDAR data is relatively sparse on the y-axis, the converted disparity map is up-sampled using the interpolation method. Secondly, in order to make full use of the precise disparity map, the disparity map and stereo matching are fused to propagate the accurate disparity. Finally, the disparity map is converted to the depth map. Moreover, the converted disparity map can also increase the speed of the algorithm. We evaluate the proposed pipeline on the KITTI benchmark. The experiment demonstrates that our algorithm has higher accuracy than several classic methods.      
### 27.DynaST: Dynamic Sparse Transformer for Exemplar-Guided Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06124.pdf)
>  One key challenge of exemplar-guided image generation lies in establishing fine-grained correspondences between input and guided images. Prior approaches, despite the promising results, have relied on either estimating dense attention to compute per-point matching, which is limited to only coarse scales due to the quadratic memory cost, or fixing the number of correspondences to achieve linear complexity, which lacks flexibility. In this paper, we propose a dynamic sparse attention based Transformer model, termed Dynamic Sparse Transformer (DynaST), to achieve fine-level matching with favorable efficiency. The heart of our approach is a novel dynamic-attention unit, dedicated to covering the variation on the optimal number of tokens one position should focus on. Specifically, DynaST leverages the multi-layer nature of Transformer structure, and performs the dynamic attention scheme in a cascaded manner to refine matching results and synthesize visually-pleasing outputs. In addition, we introduce a unified training objective for DynaST, making it a versatile reference-based image translation framework for both supervised and unsupervised scenarios. Extensive experiments on three applications, pose-guided person image generation, edge-based face synthesis, and undistorted image style transfer, demonstrate that DynaST achieves superior performance in local details, outperforming the state of the art while reducing the computational cost significantly. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Huage001/DynaST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 28.Automated Detection of Label Errors in Semantic Segmentation Datasets via Deep Learning and Uncertainty Quantification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06104.pdf)
>  In this work, we for the first time present a method for detecting label errors in image datasets with semantic segmentation, i.e., pixel-wise class labels. Annotation acquisition for semantic segmentation datasets is time-consuming and requires plenty of human labor. In particular, review processes are time consuming and label errors can easily be overlooked by humans. The consequences are biased benchmarks and in extreme cases also performance degradation of deep neural networks (DNNs) trained on such datasets. DNNs for semantic segmentation yield pixel-wise predictions, which makes detection of label errors via uncertainty quantification a complex task. Uncertainty is particularly pronounced at the transitions between connected components of the prediction. By lifting the consideration of uncertainty to the level of predicted components, we enable the usage of DNNs together with component-level uncertainty quantification for the detection of label errors. We present a principled approach to benchmarking the task of label error detection by dropping labels from the Cityscapes dataset as well from a dataset extracted from the CARLA driving simulator, where in the latter case we have the labels under control. Our experiments show that our approach is able to detect the vast majority of label errors while controlling the number of false label error detections. Furthermore, we apply our method to semantic segmentation datasets frequently used by the computer vision community and present a collection of label errors along with sample statistics.      
### 29.Learnability Enhancement for Low-light Raw Denoising: Where Paired Real Data Meets Noise Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06103.pdf)
>  Low-light raw denoising is an important and valuable task in computational photography where learning-based methods trained with paired real data are mainstream. However, the limited data volume and complicated noise distribution have constituted a learnability bottleneck for paired real data, which limits the denoising performance of learning-based methods. To address this issue, we present a learnability enhancement strategy to reform paired real data according to noise modeling. Our strategy consists of two efficient techniques: shot noise augmentation (SNA) and dark shading correction (DSC). Through noise model decoupling, SNA improves the precision of data mapping by increasing the data volume and DSC reduces the complexity of data mapping by reducing the noise complexity. Extensive results on the public datasets and real imaging scenarios collectively demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance of our method.      
### 30.Global-local Motion Transformer for Unsupervised Skeleton-based Action Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06101.pdf)
>  We propose a new transformer model for the task of unsupervised learning of skeleton motion sequences. The existing transformer model utilized for unsupervised skeleton-based action learning is learned the instantaneous velocity of each joint from adjacent frames without global motion information. Thus, the model has difficulties in learning the attention globally over whole-body motions and temporally distant joints. In addition, person-to-person interactions have not been considered in the model. To tackle the learning of whole-body motion, long-range temporal dynamics, and person-to-person interactions, we design a global and local attention mechanism, where, global body motions and local joint motions pay attention to each other. In addition, we propose a novel pretraining strategy, multi-interval pose displacement prediction, to learn both global and local attention in diverse time ranges. The proposed model successfully learns local dynamics of the joints and captures global context from the motion sequences. Our model outperforms state-of-the-art models by notable margins in the representative benchmarks. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Boeun-Kim/GL-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Eliminating Gradient Conflict in Reference-based Line-art Colorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06095.pdf)
>  Reference-based line-art colorization is a challenging task in computer vision. The color, texture, and shading are rendered based on an abstract sketch, which heavily relies on the precise long-range dependency modeling between the sketch and reference. Popular techniques to bridge the cross-modal information and model the long-range dependency employ the attention mechanism. However, in the context of reference-based line-art colorization, several techniques would intensify the existing training difficulty of attention, for instance, self-supervised training protocol and GAN-based losses. To understand the instability in training, we detect the gradient flow of attention and observe gradient conflict among attention branches. This phenomenon motivates us to alleviate the gradient issue by preserving the dominant gradient branch while removing the conflict ones. We propose a novel attention mechanism using this training strategy, Stop-Gradient Attention (SGA), outperforming the attention baseline by a large margin with better training stability. Compared with state-of-the-art modules in line-art colorization, our approach demonstrates significant improvements in Fréchet Inception Distance (FID, up to 27.21%) and structural similarity index measure (SSIM, up to 25.67%) on several benchmarks. The code of SGA is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kunkun0w0/SGA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 32.Semi-supervised Ranking for Object Image Blur Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06085.pdf)
>  Assessing the blurriness of an object image is fundamentally important to improve the performance for object recognition and retrieval. The main challenge lies in the lack of abundant images with reliable labels and effective learning strategies. Current datasets are labeled with limited and confused quality levels. To overcome this limitation, we propose to label the rank relationships between pairwise images rather their quality levels, since it is much easier for humans to label, and establish a large-scale realistic face image blur assessment dataset with reliable labels. Based on this dataset, we propose a method to obtain the blur scores only with the pairwise rank labels as supervision. Moreover, to further improve the performance, we propose a self-supervised method based on quadruplet ranking consistency to leverage the unlabeled data more effectively. The supervised and self-supervised methods constitute a final semi-supervised learning framework, which can be trained end-to-end. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.      
### 33.Teachers in concordance for pseudo-labeling of 3D sequential data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06079.pdf)
>  Automatic pseudo-labeling is a powerful tool to tap into large amounts of sequential unlabeled data. It is especially appealing in safety-critical applications of autonomous driving where performance requirements are extreme, datasets large, and manual labeling is very challenging. We propose to leverage the sequentiality of the captures to boost the pseudo-labeling technique in a teacher-student setup via training multiple teachers, each with access to different temporal information. This set of teachers, dubbed Concordance, provides higher quality pseudo-labels for the student training than standard methods. The output of multiple teachers is combined via a novel pseudo-label confidence-guided criterion. Our experimental evaluation focuses on the 3D point cloud domain in urban driving scenarios. We show the performance of our method applied to multiple model architectures with tasks of 3D semantic segmentation and 3D object detection on two benchmark datasets. Our method, using only 20% of manual labels, outperforms some of the fully supervised methods. Special performance boost is achieved for classes rarely appearing in the training data, e.g., bicycles and pedestrians. The implementation of our approach is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ctu-vras/T-Concord3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.MultiStream: A Simple and Fast Multiple Cameras Visual Monitor and Directly Streaming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06078.pdf)
>  Monitoring and streaming is one of the most important applications for the real time cameras. The research of this has provided a novel design idea that uses the FFmpeg and Tkinter, combining with the libraries: OpenCV and PIL to develop a simple but fast streaming toolkit MultiSteam that can achieve the function of visible monitoring streaming for multiple simultaneously. MultiStream is able to automatically arrange the layout of the displays of multiple camera windows and intelligently analyze the input streaming URL to select the correct corresponding streaming communication protocol. Multiple cameras can be streamed with different communication protocols or the same protocol. Besides, the paper has tested the different streaming speeds for different protocols in camera streaming. MultiStream is able to gain the information of media equipment on the computer. The configuration information for media-id selection and multiple cameras streaming can be saved as json files.      
### 35.DSPNet: Towards Slimmable Pretrained Networks based on Discriminative Self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06075.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning (SSL) has achieved promising downstream performance. However, when facing various resource budgets in real-world applications, it costs a huge computation burden to pretrain multiple networks of various sizes one by one. In this paper, we propose Discriminative-SSL-based Slimmable Pretrained Networks (DSPNet), which can be trained at once and then slimmed to multiple sub-networks of various sizes, each of which faithfully learns good representation and can serve as good initialization for downstream tasks with various resource budgets. Specifically, we extend the idea of slimmable networks to a discriminative SSL paradigm, by integrating SSL and knowledge distillation gracefully. We show comparable or improved performance of DSPNet on ImageNet to the networks individually pretrained one by one under the linear evaluation and semi-supervised evaluation protocols, while reducing large training cost. The pretrained models also generalize well on downstream detection and segmentation tasks. Code will be made public.      
### 36.Pyramid Transformer for Traffic Sign Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06067.pdf)
>  Traffic sign detection is a vital task in the visual system of self-driving cars and the automated driving system. Recently, novel Transformer-based models have achieved encouraging results for various computer vision tasks. We still observed that vanilla ViT could not yield satisfactory results in traffic sign detection because the overall size of the datasets is very small and the class distribution of traffic signs is extremely unbalanced. To overcome this problem, a novel Pyramid Transformer with locality mechanisms is proposed in this paper. Specifically, Pyramid Transformer has several spatial pyramid reduction layers to shrink and embed the input image into tokens with rich multi-scale context by using atrous convolutions. Moreover, it inherits an intrinsic scale invariance inductive bias and is able to learn local feature representation for objects at various scales, thereby enhancing the network robustness against the size discrepancy of traffic signs. The experiments are conducted on the German Traffic Sign Detection Benchmark (GTSDB). The results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed model in the traffic sign detection tasks. More specifically, Pyramid Transformer achieves 75.6% mAP in GTSDB when applied to the Cascade RCNN as the backbone and surpassing most well-known and widely used SOTAs.      
### 37.Structure PLP-SLAM: Efficient Sparse Mapping and Localization using Point, Line and Plane for Monocular, RGB-D and Stereo Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06058.pdf)
>  This paper demonstrates a visual SLAM system that utilizes point and line cloud for robust camera localization, simultaneously, with an embedded piece-wise planar reconstruction (PPR) module which in all provides a structural map. To build a scale consistent map in parallel with tracking, such as employing a single camera brings the challenge of reconstructing geometric primitives with scale ambiguity, and further introduces the difficulty in graph optimization of bundle adjustment (BA). We address these problems by proposing several run-time optimizations on the reconstructed lines and planes. The system is then extended with depth and stereo sensors based on the design of the monocular framework. The results show that our proposed SLAM tightly incorporates the semantic features to boost both frontend tracking as well as backend optimization. We evaluate our system exhaustively on various datasets, and open-source our code for the community (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PeterFWS/Structure-PLP-SLAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 38.Experiments on Anomaly Detection in Autonomous Driving by Forward-Backward Style Transfers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06055.pdf)
>  Great progress has been achieved in the community of autonomous driving in the past few years. As a safety-critical problem, however, anomaly detection is a huge hurdle towards a large-scale deployment of autonomous vehicles in the real world. While many approaches, such as uncertainty estimation or segmentation-based image resynthesis, are extremely promising, there is more to be explored. Especially inspired by works on anomaly detection based on image resynthesis, we propose a novel approach for anomaly detection through style transfer. We leverage generative models to map an image from its original style domain of road traffic to an arbitrary one and back to generate pixelwise anomaly scores. However, our experiments have proven our hypothesis wrong, and we were unable to produce significant results. Nevertheless, we want to share our findings, so that others can learn from our experiments.      
### 39.Perturbation Inactivation Based Adversarial Defense for Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06035.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based face recognition models are vulnerable to adversarial attacks. To curb these attacks, most defense methods aim to improve the robustness of recognition models against adversarial perturbations. However, the generalization capacities of these methods are quite limited. In practice, they are still vulnerable to unseen adversarial attacks. Deep learning models are fairly robust to general perturbations, such as Gaussian noises. A straightforward approach is to inactivate the adversarial perturbations so that they can be easily handled as general perturbations. In this paper, a plug-and-play adversarial defense method, named perturbation inactivation (PIN), is proposed to inactivate adversarial perturbations for adversarial defense. We discover that the perturbations in different subspaces have different influences on the recognition model. There should be a subspace, called the immune space, in which the perturbations have fewer adverse impacts on the recognition model than in other subspaces. Hence, our method estimates the immune space and inactivates the adversarial perturbations by restricting them to this subspace. The proposed method can be generalized to unseen adversarial perturbations since it does not rely on a specific kind of adversarial attack method. This approach not only outperforms several state-of-the-art adversarial defense methods but also demonstrates a superior generalization capacity through exhaustive experiments. Moreover, the proposed method can be successfully applied to four commercial APIs without additional training, indicating that it can be easily generalized to existing face recognition systems. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RenMin1991/Perturbation-Inactivate" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 40.A new database of Houma Alliance Book ancient handwritten characters and its baseline algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05993.pdf)
>  The Houma Alliance Book is one of the national treasures of the Museum in Shanxi Museum Town in China. It has great historical significance in researching ancient history. To date, the research on the Houma Alliance Book has been staying in the identification of paper documents, which is inefficient to identify and difficult to display, study and publicize. Therefore, the digitization of the recognized ancient characters of Houma League can effectively improve the efficiency of recognizing ancient characters and provide more reliable technical support and text data. This paper proposes a new database of Houma Alliance Book ancient handwritten characters and a multi-modal fusion method to recognize ancient handwritten characters. In the database, 297 classes and 3,547 samples of Houma Alliance ancient handwritten characters are collected from the original book collection and by human imitative writing. Furthermore, the decision-level classifier fusion strategy is applied to fuse three well-known deep neural network architectures for ancient handwritten character recognition. Experiments are performed on our new database. The experimental results first provide the baseline result of the new database to the research community and then demonstrate the efficiency of our proposed method.      
### 41.Orthogonal-Coding-Based Feature Generation for Transductive Open-Set Recognition via Dual-Space Consistent Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05957.pdf)
>  Open-set recognition (OSR) aims to simultaneously detect unknown-class samples and classify known-class samples. Most of the existing OSR methods are inductive methods, which generally suffer from the domain shift problem that the learned model from the known-class domain might be unsuitable for the unknown-class domain. Addressing this problem, inspired by the success of transductive learning for alleviating the domain shift problem in many other visual tasks, we propose an Iterative Transductive OSR framework, called IT-OSR, which implements three explored modules iteratively, including a reliability sampling module, a feature generation module, and a baseline update module. Specifically, at each iteration, a dual-space consistent sampling approach is presented in the explored reliability sampling module for selecting some relatively more reliable ones from the test samples according to their pseudo labels assigned by a baseline method, which could be an arbitrary inductive OSR method. Then, a conditional dual-adversarial generative network under an orthogonal coding condition is designed in the feature generation module to generate discriminative sample features of both known and unknown classes according to the selected test samples with their pseudo labels. Finally, the baseline method is updated for sample re-prediction in the baseline update module by jointly utilizing the generated features, the selected test samples with pseudo labels, and the training samples. Extensive experimental results on both the standard-dataset and the cross-dataset settings demonstrate that the derived transductive methods, by introducing two typical inductive OSR methods into the proposed IT-OSR framework, achieve better performances than 15 state-of-the-art methods in most cases.      
### 42.Rapid Person Re-Identification via Sub-space Consistency Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05933.pdf)
>  Person Re-Identification (ReID) matches pedestrians across disjoint cameras. Existing ReID methods adopting real-value feature descriptors have achieved high accuracy, but they are low in efficiency due to the slow Euclidean distance computation as well as complex quick-sort algorithms. Recently, some works propose to yield binary encoded person descriptors which instead only require fast Hamming distance computation and simple counting-sort algorithms. However, the performances of such binary encoded descriptors, especially with short code (e.g., 32 and 64 bits), are hardly satisfactory given the sparse binary space. To strike a balance between the model accuracy and efficiency, we propose a novel Sub-space Consistency Regularization (SCR) algorithm that can speed up the ReID procedure by $0.25$ times than real-value features under the same dimensions whilst maintaining a competitive accuracy, especially under short codes. SCR transforms real-value features vector (e.g., 2048 float32) with short binary codes (e.g., 64 bits) by first dividing real-value features vector into $M$ sub-spaces, each with $C$ clustered centroids. Thus the distance between two samples can be expressed as the summation of the respective distance to the centroids, which can be sped up by offline calculation and maintained via a look-up table. On the other side, these real-value centroids help to achieve significantly higher accuracy than using binary code. Lastly, we convert the distance look-up table to be integer and apply the counting-sort algorithm to speed up the ranking stage. <br>We also propose a novel consistency regularization with an iterative framework. Experimental results on Market-1501 and DukeMTMC-reID show promising and exciting results. Under short code, our proposed SCR enjoys Real-value-level accuracy and Hashing-level speed.      
### 43.Appearance-guided Attentive Self-Paced Learning for Unsupervised Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05921.pdf)
>  Existing Deep-Learning-based (DL-based) Unsupervised Salient Object Detection (USOD) methods learn saliency information in images based on the prior knowledge of traditional saliency methods and pretrained deep networks. However, these methods employ a simple learning strategy to train deep networks and therefore cannot properly incorporate the "hidden" information of the training samples into the learning process. Moreover, appearance information, which is crucial for segmenting objects, is only used as post-process after the network training process. To address these two issues, we propose a novel appearance-guided attentive self-paced learning framework for unsupervised salient object detection. The proposed framework integrates both self-paced learning (SPL) and appearance guidance into a unified learning framework. Specifically, for the first issue, we propose an Attentive Self-Paced Learning (ASPL) paradigm that organizes the training samples in a meaningful order to excavate gradually more detailed saliency information. Our ASPL facilitates our framework capable of automatically producing soft attention weights that measure the learning difficulty of training samples in a purely self-learning way. For the second issue, we propose an Appearance Guidance Module (AGM), which formulates the local appearance contrast of each pixel as the probability of saliency boundary and finds the potential boundary of the target objects by maximizing the probability. Furthermore, we further extend our framework to other multi-modality SOD tasks by aggregating the appearance vectors of other modality data, such as depth map, thermal image or optical flow. Extensive experiments on RGB, RGB-D, RGB-T and video SOD benchmarks prove that our framework achieves state-of-the-art performance against existing USOD methods and is comparable to the latest supervised SOD methods.      
### 44.Diverse Dance Synthesis via Keyframes with Transformer Controllers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05906.pdf)
>  Existing keyframe-based motion synthesis mainly focuses on the generation of cyclic actions or short-term motion, such as walking, running, and transitions between close postures. However, these methods will significantly degrade the naturalness and diversity of the synthesized motion when dealing with complex and impromptu movements, e.g., dance performance and martial arts. In addition, current research lacks fine-grained control over the generated motion, which is essential for intelligent human-computer interaction and animation creation. In this paper, we propose a novel keyframe-based motion generation network based on multiple constraints, which can achieve diverse dance synthesis via learned knowledge. Specifically, the algorithm is mainly formulated based on the recurrent neural network (RNN) and the Transformer architecture. The backbone of our network is a hierarchical RNN module composed of two long short-term memory (LSTM) units, in which the first LSTM is utilized to embed the posture information of the historical frames into a latent space, and the second one is employed to predict the human posture for the next frame. Moreover, our framework contains two Transformer-based controllers, which are used to model the constraints of the root trajectory and the velocity factor respectively, so as to better utilize the temporal context of the frames and achieve fine-grained motion control. We verify the proposed approach on a dance dataset containing a wide range of contemporary dance. The results of three quantitative analyses validate the superiority of our algorithm. The video and qualitative experimental results demonstrate that the complex motion sequences generated by our algorithm can achieve diverse and smooth motion transitions between keyframes, even for long-term synthesis.      
### 45.Verifying Attention Robustness of Deep Neural Networks against Semantic Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05902.pdf)
>  It is known that deep neural networks (DNNs) classify an input image by paying particular attention to certain specific pixels; a graphical representation of the magnitude of attention to each pixel is called a saliency-map. Saliency-maps are used to check the validity of the classification decision basis, e.g., it is not a valid basis for classification if a DNN pays more attention to the background rather than the subject of an image. Semantic perturbations can significantly change the saliency-map. In this work, we propose the first verification method for attention robustness, i.e., the local robustness of the changes in the saliency-map against combinations of semantic perturbations. Specifically, our method determines the range of the perturbation parameters (e.g., the brightness change) that maintains the difference between the actual saliency-map change and the expected saliency-map change below a given threshold value. Our method is based on activation region traversals, focusing on the outermost robust boundary for scalability on larger DNNs. Experimental results demonstrate that our method can show the extent to which DNNs can classify with the same basis regardless of semantic perturbations and report on performance and performance factors of activation region traversals.      
### 46.A Near Sensor Edge Computing System for Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05888.pdf)
>  Point cloud semantic segmentation has attracted attentions due to its robustness to light condition. This makes it an ideal semantic solution for autonomous driving. However, considering the large computation burden and bandwidth demanding of neural networks, putting all the computing into vehicle Electronic Control Unit (ECU) is not efficient or practical. In this paper, we proposed a light weighted point cloud semantic segmentation network based on range view. Due to its simple pre-processing and standard convolution, it is efficient when running on deep learning accelerator like DPU. Furthermore, a near sensor computing system is built for autonomous vehicles. In this system, a FPGA-based deep learning accelerator core (DPU) is placed next to the LiDAR sensor, to perform point cloud pre-processing and segmentation neural network. By leaving only the post-processing step to ECU, this solution heavily alleviate the computation burden of ECU and consequently shortens the decision making and vehicles reaction latency. Our semantic segmentation network achieved 10 frame per second (fps) on Xilinx DPU with computation efficiency 42.5 GOP/W.      
### 47.SpOT: Spatiotemporal Modeling for 3D Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05856.pdf)
>  3D multi-object tracking aims to uniquely and consistently identify all mobile entities through time. Despite the rich spatiotemporal information available in this setting, current 3D tracking methods primarily rely on abstracted information and limited history, e.g. single-frame object bounding boxes. In this work, we develop a holistic representation of traffic scenes that leverages both spatial and temporal information of the actors in the scene. Specifically, we reformulate tracking as a spatiotemporal problem by representing tracked objects as sequences of time-stamped points and bounding boxes over a long temporal history. At each timestamp, we improve the location and motion estimates of our tracked objects through learned refinement over the full sequence of object history. By considering time and space jointly, our representation naturally encodes fundamental physical priors such as object permanence and consistency across time. Our spatiotemporal tracking framework achieves state-of-the-art performance on the Waymo and nuScenes benchmarks.      
### 48.Learning to Estimate External Forces of Human Motion in Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05845.pdf)
>  Analyzing sports performance or preventing injuries requires capturing ground reaction forces (GRFs) exerted by the human body during certain movements. Standard practice uses physical markers paired with force plates in a controlled environment, but this is marred by high costs, lengthy implementation time, and variance in repeat experiments; hence, we propose GRF inference from video. While recent work has used LSTMs to estimate GRFs from 2D viewpoints, these can be limited in their modeling and representation capacity. First, we propose using a transformer architecture to tackle the GRF from video task, being the first to do so. Then we introduce a new loss to minimize high impact peaks in regressed curves. We also show that pre-training and multi-task learning on 2D-to-3D human pose estimation improves generalization to unseen motions. And pre-training on this different task provides good initial weights when finetuning on smaller (rarer) GRF datasets. We evaluate on LAAS Parkour and a newly collected ForcePose dataset; we show up to 19% decrease in error compared to prior approaches.      
### 49.Wayformer: Motion Forecasting via Simple &amp; Efficient Attention Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05844.pdf)
>  Motion forecasting for autonomous driving is a challenging task because complex driving scenarios result in a heterogeneous mix of static and dynamic inputs. It is an open problem how best to represent and fuse information about road geometry, lane connectivity, time-varying traffic light state, and history of a dynamic set of agents and their interactions into an effective encoding. To model this diverse set of input features, many approaches proposed to design an equally complex system with a diverse set of modality specific modules. This results in systems that are difficult to scale, extend, or tune in rigorous ways to trade off quality and efficiency. In this paper, we present Wayformer, a family of attention based architectures for motion forecasting that are simple and homogeneous. Wayformer offers a compact model description consisting of an attention based scene encoder and a decoder. In the scene encoder we study the choice of early, late and hierarchical fusion of the input modalities. For each fusion type we explore strategies to tradeoff efficiency and quality via factorized attention or latent query attention. We show that early fusion, despite its simplicity of construction, is not only modality agnostic but also achieves state-of-the-art results on both Waymo Open MotionDataset (WOMD) and Argoverse leaderboards, demonstrating the effectiveness of our design philosophy      
### 50.REZCR: A Zero-shot Character Recognition Method via Radical Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05842.pdf)
>  The long-tail effect is a common issue that limits the performance of deep learning models on real-world datasets. Character image dataset development is also affected by such unbalanced data distribution due to differences in character usage frequency. Thus, current character recognition methods are limited when applying to real-world datasets, in particular to the character categories in the tail which are lacking training samples, e.g., uncommon characters, or characters from historical documents. In this paper, we propose a zero-shot character recognition framework via radical extraction, i.e., REZCR, to improve the recognition performance of few-sample character categories, in which we exploit information on radicals, the graphical units of characters, by decomposing and reconstructing characters following orthography. REZCR consists of an attention-based radical information extractor (RIE) and a knowledge graph-based character reasoner (KGR). The RIE aims to recognize candidate radicals and their possible structural relations from character images. The results will be fed into KGR to recognize the target character by reasoning with a pre-designed character knowledge graph. We validate our method on multiple datasets, REZCR shows promising experimental results, especially for few-sample character datasets.      
### 51.Dam reservoir extraction from remote sensing imagery using tailored metric learning strategies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05807.pdf)
>  Dam reservoirs play an important role in meeting sustainable development goals and global climate targets. However, particularly for small dam reservoirs, there is a lack of consistent data on their geographical location. To address this data gap, a promising approach is to perform automated dam reservoir extraction based on globally available remote sensing imagery. It can be considered as a fine-grained task of water body extraction, which involves extracting water areas in images and then separating dam reservoirs from natural water bodies. We propose a novel deep neural network (DNN) based pipeline that decomposes dam reservoir extraction into water body segmentation and dam reservoir recognition. Water bodies are firstly separated from background lands in a segmentation model and each individual water body is then predicted as either dam reservoir or natural water body in a classification model. For the former step, point-level metric learning with triplets across images is injected into the segmentation model to address contour ambiguities between water areas and land regions. For the latter step, prior-guided metric learning with triplets from clusters is injected into the classification model to optimize the image embedding space in a fine-grained level based on reservoir clusters. To facilitate future research, we establish a benchmark dataset with earth imagery data and human labelled reservoirs from river basins in West Africa and India. Extensive experiments were conducted on this benchmark in the water body segmentation task, dam reservoir recognition task, and the joint dam reservoir extraction task. Superior performance has been observed in the respective tasks when comparing our method with state of the art approaches.      
### 52.Domain Gap Estimation for Source Free Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Many Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05785.pdf)
>  In theory, the success of unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) largely relies on domain gap estimation. However, for source free UDA, the source domain data can not be accessed during adaptation, which poses great challenge of measuring the domain gap. In this paper, we propose to use many classifiers to learn the source domain decision boundaries, which provides a tighter upper bound of the domain gap, even if both of the domain data can not be simultaneously accessed. The source model is trained to push away each pair of classifiers whilst ensuring the correctness of the decision boundaries. In this sense, our many classifiers model separates the source different categories as far as possible which induces the maximum disagreement of many classifiers in the target domain, thus the transferable source domain knowledge is maximized. For adaptation, the source model is adapted to maximize the agreement among pairs of the classifiers. Thus the target features are pushed away from the decision boundaries. Experiments on several datasets of UDA show that our approach achieves state of the art performance among source free UDA approaches and can even compete to source available UDA methods.      
### 53.Left Ventricle Contouring of Apical Three-Chamber Views on 2D Echocardiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06330.pdf)
>  We propose a new method to automatically contour the left ventricle on 2D echocardiographic images. Unlike most existing segmentation methods, which are based on predicting segmentation masks, we focus at predicting the endocardial contour and the key landmark points within this contour (basal points and apex). This provides a representation that is closer to how experts perform manual annotations and hence produce results that are physiologically more plausible. <br>Our proposed method uses a two-headed network based on the U-Net architecture. One head predicts the 7 contour points, and the other head predicts a distance map to the contour. This approach was compared to the U-Net and to a point based approach, achieving performance gains of up to 30\% in terms of landmark localisation (&lt;4.5mm) and distance to the ground truth contour (&lt;3.5mm).      
### 54.Task Agnostic Representation Consolidation: a Self-supervised based Continual Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06267.pdf)
>  Continual learning (CL) over non-stationary data streams remains one of the long-standing challenges in deep neural networks (DNNs) as they are prone to catastrophic forgetting. CL models can benefit from self-supervised pre-training as it enables learning more generalizable task-agnostic features. However, the effect of self-supervised pre-training diminishes as the length of task sequences increases. Furthermore, the domain shift between pre-training data distribution and the task distribution reduces the generalizability of the learned representations. To address these limitations, we propose Task Agnostic Representation Consolidation (TARC), a two-stage training paradigm for CL that intertwines task-agnostic and task-specific learning whereby self-supervised training is followed by supervised learning for each task. To further restrict the deviation from the learned representations in the self-supervised stage, we employ a task-agnostic auxiliary loss during the supervised stage. We show that our training paradigm can be easily added to memory- or regularization-based approaches and provides consistent performance gain across more challenging CL settings. We further show that it leads to more robust and well-calibrated models.      
### 55.YOLO2U-Net: Detection-Guided 3D Instance Segmentation for Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06215.pdf)
>  Microscopy imaging techniques are instrumental for characterization and analysis of biological structures. As these techniques typically render 3D visualization of cells by stacking 2D projections, issues such as out-of-plane excitation and low resolution in the $z$-axis may pose challenges (even for human experts) to detect individual cells in 3D volumes as these non-overlapping cells may appear as overlapping. In this work, we introduce a comprehensive method for accurate 3D instance segmentation of cells in the brain tissue. The proposed method combines the 2D YOLO detection method with a multi-view fusion algorithm to construct a 3D localization of the cells. Next, the 3D bounding boxes along with the data volume are input to a 3D U-Net network that is designed to segment the primary cell in each 3D bounding box, and in turn, to carry out instance segmentation of cells in the entire volume. The promising performance of the proposed method is shown in comparison with some current deep learning-based 3D instance segmentation methods.      
### 56.Domain adaptation strategies for cancer-independent detection of lymph node metastases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06193.pdf)
>  Recently, large, high-quality public datasets have led to the development of convolutional neural networks that can detect lymph node metastases of breast cancer at the level of expert pathologists. Many cancers, regardless of the site of origin, can metastasize to lymph nodes. However, collecting and annotating high-volume, high-quality datasets for every cancer type is challenging. In this paper we investigate how to leverage existing high-quality datasets most efficiently in multi-task settings for closely related tasks. Specifically, we will explore different training and domain adaptation strategies, including prevention of catastrophic forgetting, for colon and head-and-neck cancer metastasis detection in lymph nodes. <br>Our results show state-of-the-art performance on both cancer metastasis detection tasks. Furthermore, we show the effectiveness of repeated adaptation of networks from one cancer type to another to obtain multi-task metastasis detection networks. Last, we show that leveraging existing high-quality datasets can significantly boost performance on new target tasks and that catastrophic forgetting can be effectively mitigated using regularization.      
### 57.Collaborative Quantization Embeddings for Intra-Subject Prostate MR Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06189.pdf)
>  Image registration is useful for quantifying morphological changes in longitudinal MR images from prostate cancer patients. This paper describes a development in improving the learning-based registration algorithms, for this challenging clinical application often with highly variable yet limited training data. First, we report that the latent space can be clustered into a much lower dimensional space than that commonly found as bottleneck features at the deep layer of a trained registration network. Based on this observation, we propose a hierarchical quantization method, discretizing the learned feature vectors using a jointly-trained dictionary with a constrained size, in order to improve the generalisation of the registration networks. Furthermore, a novel collaborative dictionary is independently optimised to incorporate additional prior information, such as the segmentation of the gland or other regions of interest, in the latent quantized space. Based on 216 real clinical images from 86 prostate cancer patients, we show the efficacy of both the designed components. Improved registration accuracy was obtained with statistical significance, in terms of both Dice on gland and target registration error on corresponding landmarks, the latter of which achieved 5.46 mm, an improvement of 28.7\% from the baseline without quantization. Experimental results also show that the difference in performance was indeed minimised between training and testing data.      
### 58.RTN: Reinforced Transformer Network for Coronary CT Angiography Vessel-level Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06177.pdf)
>  Coronary CT Angiography (CCTA) is susceptible to various distortions (e.g., artifacts and noise), which severely compromise the exact diagnosis of cardiovascular diseases. The appropriate CCTA Vessel-level Image Quality Assessment (CCTA VIQA) algorithm can be used to reduce the risk of error diagnosis. The primary challenges of CCTA VIQA are that the local part of coronary that determines final quality is hard to locate. To tackle the challenge, we formulate CCTA VIQA as a multiple-instance learning (MIL) problem, and exploit Transformer-based MIL backbone (termed as T-MIL) to aggregate the multiple instances along the coronary centerline into the final quality. However, not all instances are informative for final quality. There are some quality-irrelevant/negative instances intervening the exact quality assessment(e.g., instances covering only background or the coronary in instances is not identifiable). Therefore, we propose a Progressive Reinforcement learning based Instance Discarding module (termed as PRID) to progressively remove quality-irrelevant/negative instances for CCTA VIQA. Based on the above two modules, we propose a Reinforced Transformer Network (RTN) for automatic CCTA VIQA based on end-to-end optimization. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the real-world CCTA dataset, exceeding previous MIL methods by a large margin.      
### 59.MRF-UNets: Searching UNet with Markov Random Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06168.pdf)
>  UNet [27] is widely used in semantic segmentation due to its simplicity and effectiveness. However, its manually-designed architecture is applied to a large number of problem settings, either with no architecture optimizations, or with manual tuning, which is time consuming and can be sub-optimal. In this work, firstly, we propose Markov Random Field Neural Architecture Search (MRF-NAS) that extends and improves the recent Adaptive and Optimal Network Width Search (AOWS) method [4] with (i) a more general MRF framework (ii) diverse M-best loopy inference (iii) differentiable parameter learning. This provides the necessary NAS framework to efficiently explore network architectures that induce loopy inference graphs, including loops that arise from skip connections. With UNet as the backbone, we find an architecture, MRF-UNet, that shows several interesting characteristics. Secondly, through the lens of these characteristics, we identify the sub-optimality of the original UNet architecture and further improve our results with MRF-UNetV2. Experiments show that our MRF-UNets significantly outperform several benchmarks on three aerial image datasets and two medical image datasets while maintaining low computational costs. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zifuwanggg/MRF-UNets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 60.A comparison between PMBM Bayesian track initiation and labelled RFS adaptive birth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06156.pdf)
>  This paper provides a comparative analysis between the adaptive birth model used in the labelled random finite set literature and the track initiation in the Poisson multi-Bernoulli mixture (PMBM) filter, with point-target models. The PMBM track initiation is obtained via Bayes' rule applied on the predicted PMBM density, and creates one Bernoulli component for each received measurement, representing that this measurement may be clutter or a detection from a new target. Adaptive birth mimics this procedure by creating a Bernoulli component for each measurement using a different rule to determine the probability of existence and a user-defined single-target density. This paper first provides an analysis of the differences that arise in track initiation based on isolated measurements. Then, it shows that adaptive birth underestimates the number of objects present in the surveillance area under common modelling assumptions. Finally, we provide numerical simulations to further illustrate the differences.      
### 61.Estimating the Power Consumption of Heterogeneous Devices when performing AI Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06150.pdf)
>  Modern-day life is driven by electronic devices connected to the internet. The emerging research field of the Internet-of-Things (IoT) has become popular, just as there has been a steady increase in the number of connected devices - now over 50 billion. Since many of these devices are utilised to perform \gls*{cv} tasks, it is essential to understand their power consumption against performance. We report the power consumption profile and analysis of the NVIDIA Jetson Nano board while performing object classification. The authors present an extensive analysis regarding power consumption per frame and the output in frames per second (FPS) using YOLOv5 models. The results show that the YOLOv5n outperforms other YOLOV5 variants in terms of throughput (i.e. 12.34 fps) and low power consumption (i.e. 0.154 mWh/frame).      
### 62.Visual Context-driven Audio Feature Enhancement for Robust End-to-End Audio-Visual Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.06020.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on designing a noise-robust end-to-end Audio-Visual Speech Recognition (AVSR) system. To this end, we propose Visual Context-driven Audio Feature Enhancement module (V-CAFE) to enhance the input noisy audio speech with a help of audio-visual correspondence. The proposed V-CAFE is designed to capture the transition of lip movements, namely visual context and to generate a noise reduction mask by considering the obtained visual context. Through context-dependent modeling, the ambiguity in viseme-to-phoneme mapping can be refined for mask generation. The noisy representations are masked out with the noise reduction mask resulting in enhanced audio features. The enhanced audio features are fused with the visual features and taken to an encoder-decoder model composed of Conformer and Transformer for speech recognition. We show the proposed end-to-end AVSR with the V-CAFE can further improve the noise-robustness of AVSR. The effectiveness of the proposed method is evaluated in noisy speech recognition and overlapped speech recognition experiments using the two largest audio-visual datasets, LRS2 and LRS3.      
### 63.Prediction of the motion of chest internal points using a recurrent neural network trained with real-time recurrent learning for latency compensation in lung cancer radiotherapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05951.pdf)
>  During the radiotherapy treatment of patients with lung cancer, the radiation delivered to healthy tissue around the tumor needs to be minimized, which is difficult because of respiratory motion and the latency of linear accelerator systems. In the proposed study, we first use the Lucas-Kanade pyramidal optical flow algorithm to perform deformable image registration of chest computed tomography scan images of four patients with lung cancer. We then track three internal points close to the lung tumor based on the previously computed deformation field and predict their position with a recurrent neural network (RNN) trained using real-time recurrent learning (RTRL) and gradient clipping. The breathing data is quite regular, sampled at approximately 2.5Hz, and includes artificial drift in the spine direction. The amplitude of the motion of the tracked points ranged from 12.0mm to 22.7mm. Finally, we propose a simple method for recovering and predicting 3D tumor images from the tracked points and the initial tumor image based on a linear correspondence model and Nadaraya-Watson non-linear regression. The root-mean-square error, maximum error, and jitter corresponding to the RNN prediction on the test set were smaller than the same performance measures obtained with linear prediction and least mean squares (LMS). In particular, the maximum prediction error associated with the RNN, equal to 1.51mm, is respectively 16.1% and 5.0% lower than the maximum error associated with linear prediction and LMS. The average prediction time per time step with RTRL is equal to 119ms, which is less than the 400ms marker position sampling time. The tumor position in the predicted images appears visually correct, which is confirmed by the high mean cross-correlation between the original and predicted images, equal to 0.955.      
### 64.D-CBRS: Accounting For Intra-Class Diversity in Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05897.pdf)
>  Continual learning -- accumulating knowledge from a sequence of learning experiences -- is an important yet challenging problem. In this paradigm, the model's performance for previously encountered instances may substantially drop as additional data are seen. When dealing with class-imbalanced data, forgetting is further exacerbated. Prior work has proposed replay-based approaches which aim at reducing forgetting by intelligently storing instances for future replay. Although Class-Balancing Reservoir Sampling (CBRS) has been successful in dealing with imbalanced data, the intra-class diversity has not been accounted for, implicitly assuming that each instance of a class is equally informative. We present Diverse-CBRS (D-CBRS), an algorithm that allows us to consider within class diversity when storing instances in the memory. Our results show that D-CBRS outperforms state-of-the-art memory management continual learning algorithms on data sets with considerable intra-class diversity.      
### 65.Hybrid Spatial-Temporal Entropy Modelling for Neural Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05894.pdf)
>  For neural video codec, it is critical, yet challenging, to design an efficient entropy model which can accurately predict the probability distribution of the quantized latent representation. However, most existing video codecs directly use the ready-made entropy model from image codec to encode the residual or motion, and do not fully leverage the spatial-temporal characteristics in video. To this end, this paper proposes a powerful entropy model which efficiently captures both spatial and temporal dependencies. In particular, we introduce the latent prior which exploits the correlation among the latent representation to squeeze the temporal redundancy. Meanwhile, the dual spatial prior is proposed to reduce the spatial redundancy in a parallel-friendly manner. In addition, our entropy model is also versatile. Besides estimating the probability distribution, our entropy model also generates the quantization step at spatial-channel-wise. This content-adaptive quantization mechanism not only helps our codec achieve the smooth rate adjustment in single model but also improves the final rate-distortion performance by dynamic bit allocation. Experimental results show that, powered by the proposed entropy model, our neural codec can achieve 18.2% bitrate saving on UVG dataset when compared with H.266 (VTM) using the highest compression ratio configuration. It makes a new milestone in the development of neural video codec. The codes are at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/microsoft/DCVC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 66.Adaptive Diffusion Priors for Accelerated MRI Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05876.pdf)
>  Deep MRI reconstruction is commonly performed with conditional models that map undersampled data as input onto fully-sampled data as output. Conditional models perform de-aliasing under knowledge of the accelerated imaging operator, so they poorly generalize under domain shifts in the operator. Unconditional models are a powerful alternative that instead learn generative image priors to improve reliability against domain shifts. Recent diffusion models are particularly promising given their high representational diversity and sample quality. Nevertheless, projections through a static image prior can lead to suboptimal performance. Here we propose a novel MRI reconstruction, AdaDiff, based on an adaptive diffusion prior. To enable efficient image sampling, an adversarial mapper is introduced that enables use of large diffusion steps. A two-phase reconstruction is performed with the trained prior: a rapid-diffusion phase that produces an initial reconstruction, and an adaptation phase where the diffusion prior is updated to minimize reconstruction loss on acquired k-space data. Demonstrations on multi-contrast brain MRI clearly indicate that AdaDiff achieves superior performance to competing models in cross-domain tasks, and superior or on par performance in within-domain tasks.      
### 67.Earthformer: Exploring Space-Time Transformers for Earth System Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05833.pdf)
>  Conventionally, Earth system (e.g., weather and climate) forecasting relies on numerical simulation with complex physical models and are hence both expensive in computation and demanding on domain expertise. With the explosive growth of the spatiotemporal Earth observation data in the past decade, data-driven models that apply Deep Learning (DL) are demonstrating impressive potential for various Earth system forecasting tasks. The Transformer as an emerging DL architecture, despite its broad success in other domains, has limited adoption in this area. In this paper, we propose Earthformer, a space-time Transformer for Earth system forecasting. Earthformer is based on a generic, flexible and efficient space-time attention block, named Cuboid Attention. The idea is to decompose the data into cuboids and apply cuboid-level self-attention in parallel. These cuboids are further connected with a collection of global vectors. We conduct experiments on the MovingMNIST dataset and a newly proposed chaotic N-body MNIST dataset to verify the effectiveness of cuboid attention and figure out the best design of Earthformer. Experiments on two real-world benchmarks about precipitation nowcasting and El Nino/Southern Oscillation (ENSO) forecasting show Earthformer achieves state-of-the-art performance.      
### 68.Look-ups are not (yet) all you need for deep learning inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05808.pdf)
>  Fast approximations to matrix multiplication have the potential to dramatically reduce the cost of neural network inference. Recent work on approximate matrix multiplication proposed to replace costly multiplications with table-lookups by fitting a fast hash function from training data. In this work, we propose improvements to this previous work, targeted to the deep learning inference setting, where one has access to both training data and fixed (already learned) model weight matrices. We further propose a fine-tuning procedure for accelerating entire neural networks while minimizing loss in accuracy. Finally, we analyze the proposed method on a simple image classification task. While we show improvements to prior work, overall classification accuracy remains substantially diminished compared to exact matrix multiplication. Our work, despite this negative result, points the way towards future efforts to accelerate inner products with fast nonlinear hashing methods.      
### 69.Shape-Aware Masking for Inpainting in Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05787.pdf)
>  Inpainting has recently been proposed as a successful deep learning technique for unsupervised medical image model discovery. The masks used for inpainting are generally independent of the dataset and are not tailored to perform on different given classes of anatomy. In this work, we introduce a method for generating shape-aware masks for inpainting, which aims at learning the statistical shape prior. We hypothesize that although the variation of masks improves the generalizability of inpainting models, the shape of the masks should follow the topology of the organs of interest. Hence, we propose an unsupervised guided masking approach based on an off-the-shelf inpainting model and a superpixel over-segmentation algorithm to generate a wide range of shape-dependent masks. Experimental results on abdominal MR image reconstruction show the superiority of our proposed masking method over standard methods using square-shaped or dataset of irregular shape masks.      
### 70.Robust and efficient computation of retinal fractal dimension through deep approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05757.pdf)
>  A retinal trait, or phenotype, summarises a specific aspect of a retinal image in a single number. This can then be used for further analyses, e.g. with statistical methods. However, reducing an aspect of a complex image to a single, meaningful number is challenging. Thus, methods for calculating retinal traits tend to be complex, multi-step pipelines that can only be applied to high quality images. This means that researchers often have to discard substantial portions of the available data. We hypothesise that such pipelines can be approximated with a single, simpler step that can be made robust to common quality issues. We propose Deep Approximation of Retinal Traits (DART) where a deep neural network is used predict the output of an existing pipeline on high quality images from synthetically degraded versions of these images. We demonstrate DART on retinal Fractal Dimension (FD) calculated by VAMPIRE, using retinal images from UK Biobank that previous work identified as high quality. Our method shows very high agreement with FD VAMPIRE on unseen test images (Pearson r=0.9572). Even when those images are severely degraded, DART can still recover an FD estimate that shows good agreement with FD VAMPIRE obtained from the original images (Pearson r=0.8817). This suggests that our method could enable researchers to discard fewer images in the future. Our method can compute FD for over 1,000img/s using a single GPU. We consider these to be very encouraging initial results and hope to develop this approach into a useful tool for retinal analysis.      
### 71.Towards Highly Expressive Machine Learning Models of Non-Melanoma Skin Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.05749.pdf)
>  Pathologists have a rich vocabulary with which they can describe all the nuances of cellular morphology. In their world, there is a natural pairing of images and words. Recent advances demonstrate that machine learning models can now be trained to learn high-quality image features and represent them as discrete units of information. This enables natural language, which is also discrete, to be jointly modelled alongside the imaging, resulting in a description of the contents of the imaging. Here we present experiments in applying discrete modelling techniques to the problem domain of non-melanoma skin cancer, specifically, histological images of Intraepidermal Carcinoma (IEC). Implementing a VQ-GAN model to reconstruct high-resolution (256x256) images of IEC images, we trained a sequence-to-sequence transformer to generate natural language descriptions using pathologist terminology. Combined with the idea of interactive concept vectors available by using continuous generative methods, we demonstrate an additional angle of interpretability. The result is a promising means of working towards highly expressive machine learning systems which are not only useful as predictive/classification tools, but also means to further our scientific understanding of disease.      
