# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 27 Jul 2022
### 1.Group DETR: Fast Training Convergence with Decoupled One-to-Many Label Assignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13085.pdf)
>  Detection Transformer (DETR) relies on One-to-One label assignment, i.e., assigning one ground-truth (gt) object to only one positive object query, for end-to-end object detection and lacks the capability of exploiting multiple positive queries. We present a novel DETR training approach, named {\em Group DETR}, to support multiple positive queries. To be specific, we decouple the positives into multiple independent groups and keep only one positive per gt object in each group. We make simple modifications during training: (i) adopt $K$ groups of object queries; (ii) conduct decoder self-attention on each group of object queries with the same parameters; (iii) perform One-to-One label assignment for each group, leading to $K$ positive object queries for each gt object. In inference, we only use one group of object queries, making no modifications to both architecture and processes. We validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach on DETR variants, including Conditional DETR, DAB-DETR, DN-DETR, and DINO.      
### 2.DETRs with Hybrid Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13080.pdf)
>  One-to-one set matching is a key design for DETR to establish its end-to-end capability, so that object detection does not require a hand-crafted NMS (non-maximum suppression) method to remove duplicate detections. This end-to-end signature is important for the versatility of DETR, and it has been generalized to a wide range of visual problems, including instance/semantic segmentation, human pose estimation, and point cloud/multi-view-images based detection, etc. However, we note that because there are too few queries assigned as positive samples, the one-to-one set matching significantly reduces the training efficiency of positive samples. This paper proposes a simple yet effective method based on a hybrid matching scheme that combines the original one-to-one matching branch with auxiliary queries that use one-to-many matching loss during training. This hybrid strategy has been shown to significantly improve training efficiency and improve accuracy. In inference, only the original one-to-one match branch is used, thus maintaining the end-to-end merit and the same inference efficiency of DETR. The method is named $\mathcal{H}$-DETR, and it shows that a wide range of representative DETR methods can be consistently improved across a wide range of visual tasks, including Deformable-DETR, 3DETR/PETRv2, PETR, and TransTrack, among others. Code will be available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HDETR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 3.Video Manipulations Beyond Faces: A Dataset with Human-Machine Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13064.pdf)
>  As tools for content editing mature, and artificial intelligence (AI) based algorithms for synthesizing media grow, the presence of manipulated content across online media is increasing. This phenomenon causes the spread of misinformation, creating a greater need to distinguish between "real'' and "manipulated'' content. To this end, we present VideoSham, a dataset consisting of 826 videos (413 real and 413 manipulated). Many of the existing deepfake datasets focus exclusively on two types of facial manipulations -- swapping with a different subject's face or altering the existing face. VideoSham, on the other hand, contains more diverse, context-rich, and human-centric, high-resolution videos manipulated using a combination of 6 different spatial and temporal attacks. Our analysis shows that state-of-the-art manipulation detection algorithms only work for a few specific attacks and do not scale well on VideoSham. We performed a user study on Amazon Mechanical Turk with 1200 participants to understand if they can differentiate between the real and manipulated videos in VideoSham. Finally, we dig deeper into the strengths and weaknesses of performances by humans and SOTA-algorithms to identify gaps that need to be filled with better AI algorithms.      
### 4.NewsStories: Illustrating articles with visual summaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13061.pdf)
>  Recent self-supervised approaches have used large-scale image-text datasets to learn powerful representations that transfer to many tasks without finetuning. These methods often assume that there is one-to-one correspondence between its images and their (short) captions. However, many tasks require reasoning about multiple images and long text narratives, such as describing news articles with visual summaries. Thus, we explore a novel setting where the goal is to learn a self-supervised visual-language representation that is robust to varying text length and the number of images. In addition, unlike prior work which assumed captions have a literal relation to the image, we assume images only contain loose illustrative correspondence with the text. To explore this problem, we introduce a large-scale multimodal dataset containing over 31M articles, 22M images and 1M videos. We show that state-of-the-art image-text alignment methods are not robust to longer narratives with multiple images. Finally, we introduce an intuitive baseline that outperforms these methods on zero-shot image-set retrieval by 10% on the GoodNews dataset.      
### 5.Efficient High-Resolution Deep Learning: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13050.pdf)
>  Cameras in modern devices such as smartphones, satellites and medical equipment are capable of capturing very high resolution images and videos. Such high-resolution data often need to be processed by deep learning models for cancer detection, automated road navigation, weather prediction, surveillance, optimizing agricultural processes and many other applications. Using high-resolution images and videos as direct inputs for deep learning models creates many challenges due to their high number of parameters, computation cost, inference latency and GPU memory consumption. Simple approaches such as resizing the images to a lower resolution are common in the literature, however, they typically significantly decrease accuracy. Several works in the literature propose better alternatives in order to deal with the challenges of high-resolution data and improve accuracy and speed while complying with hardware limitations and time restrictions. This survey describes such efficient high-resolution deep learning methods, summarizes real-world applications of high-resolution deep learning, and provides comprehensive information about available high-resolution datasets.      
### 6.Text-Guided Synthesis of Artistic Images with Retrieval-Augmented Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13038.pdf)
>  Novel architectures have recently improved generative image synthesis leading to excellent visual quality in various tasks. Of particular note is the field of ``AI-Art'', which has seen unprecedented growth with the emergence of powerful multimodal models such as CLIP. By combining speech and image synthesis models, so-called ``prompt-engineering'' has become established, in which carefully selected and composed sentences are used to achieve a certain visual style in the synthesized image. In this note, we present an alternative approach based on retrieval-augmented diffusion models (RDMs). In RDMs, a set of nearest neighbors is retrieved from an external database during training for each training instance, and the diffusion model is conditioned on these informative samples. During inference (sampling), we replace the retrieval database with a more specialized database that contains, for example, only images of a particular visual style. This provides a novel way to prompt a general trained model after training and thereby specify a particular visual style. As shown by our experiments, this approach is superior to specifying the visual style within the text prompt. We open-source code and model weights at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CompVis/latent-diffusion" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 7.Learning Resolution-Adaptive Representations for Cross-Resolution Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13037.pdf)
>  The cross-resolution person re-identification (CRReID) problem aims to match low-resolution (LR) query identity images against high resolution (HR) gallery images. It is a challenging and practical problem since the query images often suffer from resolution degradation due to the different capturing conditions from real-world cameras. To address this problem, state-of-the-art (SOTA) solutions either learn the resolution-invariant representation or adopt super-resolution (SR) module to recover the missing information from the LR query. This paper explores an alternative SR-free paradigm to directly compare HR and LR images via a dynamic metric, which is adaptive to the resolution of a query image. We realize this idea by learning resolution-adaptive representations for cross-resolution comparison. Specifically, we propose two resolution-adaptive mechanisms. The first one disentangles the resolution-specific information into different sub-vectors in the penultimate layer of the deep neural networks, and thus creates a varying-length representation. To better extract resolution-dependent information, we further propose to learn resolution-adaptive masks for intermediate residual feature blocks. A novel progressive learning strategy is proposed to train those masks properly. These two mechanisms are combined to boost the performance of CRReID. Experimental results show that the proposed method is superior to existing approaches and achieves SOTA performance on multiple CRReID benchmarks.      
### 8.Pseudo-Pair based Self-Similarity Learning for Unsupervised Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13035.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) is of great importance to video surveillance systems by estimating the similarity between a pair of cross-camera person shorts. Current methods for estimating such similarity require a large number of labeled samples for supervised training. In this paper, we present a pseudo-pair based self-similarity learning approach for unsupervised person re-ID without human annotations. Unlike conventional unsupervised re-ID methods that use pseudo labels based on global clustering, we construct patch surrogate classes as initial supervision, and propose to assign pseudo labels to images through the pairwise gradient-guided similarity separation. This can cluster images in pseudo pairs, and the pseudos can be updated during training. Based on pseudo pairs, we propose to improve the generalization of similarity function via a novel self-similarity learning:it learns local discriminative features from individual images via intra-similarity, and discovers the patch correspondence across images via inter-similarity. The intra-similarity learning is based on channel attention to detect diverse local features from an image. The inter-similarity learning employs a deformable convolution with a non-local block to align patches for cross-image similarity. Experimental results on several re-ID benchmark datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method over the state-of-the-arts.      
### 9.Robust and Efficient Segmentation of Cross-domain Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12995.pdf)
>  Efficient medical image segmentation aims to provide accurate pixel-wise prediction for the medical images with the lightweight implementation framework. However, lightweight frameworks generally fail to achieve high performance, and suffer from the poor generalizable ability on cross-domain <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://tasks.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, we propose a generalizable knowledge distillation method for robust and efficient segmentation of cross-domain medical images. Primarily, we propose the Model-Specific Alignment Networks (MSAN) to provide the domain-invariant representations which are regularized by a Pre-trained Semantic AutoEncoder (P-SAE). Meanwhile, a customized Alignment Consistency Training (ACT) strategy is designed to promote the MSAN training. With the domain-invariant representative vectors in MSAN, we propose two generalizable knowledge distillation schemes, Dual Contrastive Graph Distillation (DCGD) and Domain-Invariant Cross Distillation (DICD). Specifically, in DCGD, two types of implicit contrastive graphs are designed to represent the intra-coupling and inter-coupling semantic correlations from the perspective of data distribution. In DICD, the domain-invariant semantic vectors from the two models (i.e., teacher and student) are leveraged to cross-reconstruct features by the header exchange of MSAN, which achieves generalizable improvement for both the encoder and decoder in the student model. Furthermore, a metric named Fréchet Semantic Distance (FSD) is tailored to verify the effectiveness of the regularized domain-invariant features. Extensive experiments conducted on the Liver and Retinal Vessel Segmentation datasets demonstrate the priority of our method, in terms of performance and generalization on lightweight frameworks.      
### 10.V$^2$L: Leveraging Vision and Vision-language Models into Large-scale Product Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12994.pdf)
>  Product retrieval is of great importance in the ecommerce domain. This paper introduces our 1st-place solution in eBay eProduct Visual Search Challenge (FGVC9), which is featured for an ensemble of about 20 models from vision models and vision-language models. While model ensemble is common, we show that combining the vision models and vision-language models brings particular benefits from their complementarity and is a key factor to our superiority. Specifically, for the vision models, we use a two-stage training pipeline which first learns from the coarse labels provided in the training set and then conducts fine-grained self-supervised training, yielding a coarse-to-fine metric learning manner. For the vision-language models, we use the textual description of the training image as the supervision signals for fine-tuning the image-encoder (feature extractor). With these designs, our solution achieves 0.7623 MAR@10, ranking the first place among all the competitors. The code is available at: \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/WangWenhao0716/V2L" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{V$^2$L}.      
### 11.Monocular 3D Object Detection with Depth from Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12988.pdf)
>  Perceiving 3D objects from monocular inputs is crucial for robotic systems, given its economy compared to multi-sensor settings. It is notably difficult as a single image can not provide any clues for predicting absolute depth values. Motivated by binocular methods for 3D object detection, we take advantage of the strong geometry structure provided by camera ego-motion for accurate object depth estimation and detection. We first make a theoretical analysis on this general two-view case and notice two challenges: 1) Cumulative errors from multiple estimations that make the direct prediction intractable; 2) Inherent dilemmas caused by static cameras and matching ambiguity. Accordingly, we establish the stereo correspondence with a geometry-aware cost volume as the alternative for depth estimation and further compensate it with monocular understanding to address the second problem. Our framework, named Depth from Motion (DfM), then uses the established geometry to lift 2D image features to the 3D space and detects 3D objects thereon. We also present a pose-free DfM to make it usable when the camera pose is unavailable. Our framework outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a large margin on the KITTI benchmark. Detailed quantitative and qualitative analyses also validate our theoretical conclusions. The code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Tai-Wang/Depth-from-Motion" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Explaining Deep Neural Networks for Point Clouds using Gradient-based Visualisations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12984.pdf)
>  Explaining decisions made by deep neural networks is a rapidly advancing research topic. In recent years, several approaches have attempted to provide visual explanations of decisions made by neural networks designed for structured 2D image input data. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to generate coarse visual explanations of networks designed to classify unstructured 3D data, namely point clouds. Our method uses gradients flowing back to the final feature map layers and maps these values as contributions of the corresponding points in the input point cloud. Due to dimensionality disagreement and lack of spatial consistency between input points and final feature maps, our approach combines gradients with points dropping to compute explanations of different parts of the point cloud iteratively. The generality of our approach is tested on various point cloud classification networks, including 'single object' networks PointNet, PointNet++, DGCNN, and a 'scene' network VoteNet. Our method generates symmetric explanation maps that highlight important regions and provide insight into the decision-making process of network architectures. We perform an exhaustive evaluation of trust and interpretability of our explanation method against comparative approaches using quantitative, quantitative and human studies. All our code is implemented in PyTorch and will be made publicly available.      
### 13.Efficient One Pass Self-distillation with Zipf's Label Smoothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12980.pdf)
>  Self-distillation exploits non-uniform soft supervision from itself during training and improves performance without any runtime cost. However, the overhead during training is often overlooked, and yet reducing time and memory overhead during training is increasingly important in the giant models' era. This paper proposes an efficient self-distillation method named Zipf's Label Smoothing (Zipf's LS), which uses the on-the-fly prediction of a network to generate soft supervision that conforms to Zipf distribution without using any contrastive samples or auxiliary parameters. Our idea comes from an empirical observation that when the network is duly trained the output values of a network's final softmax layer, after sorting by the magnitude and averaged across samples, should follow a distribution reminiscent to Zipf's Law in the word frequency statistics of natural languages. By enforcing this property on the sample level and throughout the whole training period, we find that the prediction accuracy can be greatly improved. Using ResNet50 on the INAT21 fine-grained classification dataset, our technique achieves +3.61% accuracy gain compared to the vanilla baseline, and 0.88% more gain against the previous label smoothing or self-distillation strategies. The implementation is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/megvii-research/zipfls" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Tracking Every Thing in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12978.pdf)
>  Current multi-category Multiple Object Tracking (MOT) metrics use class labels to group tracking results for per-class evaluation. Similarly, MOT methods typically only associate objects with the same class predictions. These two prevalent strategies in MOT implicitly assume that the classification performance is near-perfect. However, this is far from the case in recent large-scale MOT datasets, which contain large numbers of classes with many rare or semantically similar categories. Therefore, the resulting inaccurate classification leads to sub-optimal tracking and inadequate benchmarking of trackers. We address these issues by disentangling classification from tracking. We introduce a new metric, Track Every Thing Accuracy (TETA), breaking tracking measurement into three sub-factors: localization, association, and classification, allowing comprehensive benchmarking of tracking performance even under inaccurate classification. TETA also deals with the challenging incomplete annotation problem in large-scale tracking datasets. We further introduce a Track Every Thing tracker (TETer), that performs association using Class Exemplar Matching (CEM). Our experiments show that TETA evaluates trackers more comprehensively, and TETer achieves significant improvements on the challenging large-scale datasets BDD100K and TAO compared to the state-of-the-art.      
### 15.TransFiner: A Full-Scale Refinement Approach for Multiple Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12967.pdf)
>  Multiple object tracking (MOT) is the task containing detection and association. Plenty of trackers have achieved competitive performance. Unfortunately, for the lack of informative exchange on these subtasks, they are often biased toward one of the two and remain underperforming in complex scenarios, such as the expected false negatives and mistaken trajectories of targets when passing each other. In this paper, we propose TransFiner, a transformer-based post-refinement approach for MOT. It is a generic attachment framework that leverages the images and tracking results (locations and class predictions) from the original tracker as inputs, which are then used to launch TransFiner powerfully. Moreover, TransFiner depends on query pairs, which produce pairs of detection and motion through the fusion decoder and achieve comprehensive tracking improvement. We also provide targeted refinement by labeling query pairs according to different refinement levels. Experiments show that our design is effective, on the MOT17 benchmark, we elevate the CenterTrack from 67.8% MOTA and 64.7% IDF1 to 71.5% MOTA and 66.8% IDF1.      
### 16.Nondestructive Quality Control in Powder Metallurgy using Hyperspectral Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12966.pdf)
>  Measuring the purity in the metal powder is critical for preserving the quality of additive manufacturing products. Contamination is one of the most headache problems which can be caused by multiple reasons and lead to the as-built components cracking and malfunctions. Existing methods for metallurgical condition assessment are mostly time-consuming and mainly focus on the physical integrity of structure rather than material composition. Through capturing spectral data from a wide frequency range along with the spatial information, hyperspectral imaging (HSI) can detect minor differences in terms of temperature, moisture and chemical composition. Therefore, HSI can provide a unique way to tackle this challenge. In this paper, with the use of a near-infrared HSI camera, applications of HSI for the non-destructive inspection of metal powders are introduced. Technical assumptions and solutions on three step-by-step case studies are presented in detail, including powder characterization, contamination detection, and band selection analysis. Experimental results have fully demonstrated the great potential of HSI and related AI techniques for NDT of powder metallurgy, especially the potential to satisfy the industrial manufacturing environment.      
### 17.Incremental Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation via Embedding Adaptive-Update and Hyper-class Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12964.pdf)
>  Incremental few-shot semantic segmentation (IFSS) targets at incrementally expanding model's capacity to segment new class of images supervised by only a few samples. However, features learned on old classes could significantly drift, causing catastrophic forgetting. Moreover, few samples for pixel-level segmentation on new classes lead to notorious overfitting issues in each learning session. In this paper, we explicitly represent class-based knowledge for semantic segmentation as a category embedding and a hyper-class embedding, where the former describes exclusive semantical properties, and the latter expresses hyper-class knowledge as class-shared semantic properties. Aiming to solve IFSS problems, we present EHNet, i.e., Embedding adaptive-update and Hyper-class representation Network from two aspects. First, we propose an embedding adaptive-update strategy to avoid feature drift, which maintains old knowledge by hyper-class representation, and adaptively update category embeddings with a class-attention scheme to involve new classes learned in individual sessions. Second, to resist overfitting issues caused by few training samples, a hyper-class embedding is learned by clustering all category embeddings for initialization and aligned with category embedding of the new class for enhancement, where learned knowledge assists to learn new knowledge, thus alleviating performance dependence on training data scale. Significantly, these two designs provide representation capability for classes with sufficient semantics and limited biases, enabling to perform segmentation tasks requiring high semantic dependence. Experiments on PASCAL-5i and COCO datasets show that EHNet achieves new state-of-the-art performance with remarkable advantages.      
### 18.Contextual Text Block Detection towards Scene Text Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12955.pdf)
>  Most existing scene text detectors focus on detecting characters or words that only capture partial text messages due to missing contextual information. For a better understanding of text in scenes, it is more desired to detect contextual text blocks (CTBs) which consist of one or multiple integral text units (e.g., characters, words, or phrases) in natural reading order and transmit certain complete text messages. This paper presents contextual text detection, a new setup that detects CTBs for better understanding of texts in scenes. We formulate the new setup by a dual detection task which first detects integral text units and then groups them into a CTB. To this end, we design a novel scene text clustering technique that treats integral text units as tokens and groups them (belonging to the same CTB) into an ordered token sequence. In addition, we create two datasets SCUT-CTW-Context and ReCTS-Context to facilitate future research, where each CTB is well annotated by an ordered sequence of integral text units. Further, we introduce three metrics that measure contextual text detection in local accuracy, continuity, and global accuracy. Extensive experiments show that our method accurately detects CTBs which effectively facilitates downstream tasks such as text classification and translation. The project is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sg-vilab.github.io/publication/xue2022contextual/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.AMF: Adaptable Weighting Fusion with Multiple Fine-tuning for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12944.pdf)
>  Fine-tuning is widely applied in image classification tasks as a transfer learning approach. It re-uses the knowledge from a source task to learn and obtain a high performance in target tasks. Fine-tuning is able to alleviate the challenge of insufficient training data and expensive labelling of new data. However, standard fine-tuning has limited performance in complex data distributions. To address this issue, we propose the Adaptable Multi-tuning method, which adaptively determines each data sample's fine-tuning strategy. In this framework, multiple fine-tuning settings and one policy network are defined. The policy network in Adaptable Multi-tuning can dynamically adjust to an optimal weighting to feed different samples into models that are trained using different fine-tuning strategies. Our method outperforms the standard fine-tuning approach by 1.69%, 2.79% on the datasets FGVC-Aircraft, and Describable Texture, yielding comparable performance on the datasets Stanford Cars, CIFAR-10, and Fashion-MNIST.      
### 20.Learning Generalizable Latent Representations for Novel Degradations in Super Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12941.pdf)
>  Typical methods for blind image super-resolution (SR) focus on dealing with unknown degradations by directly estimating them or learning the degradation representations in a latent space. A potential limitation of these methods is that they assume the unknown degradations can be simulated by the integration of various handcrafted degradations (e.g., bicubic downsampling), which is not necessarily true. The real-world degradations can be beyond the simulation scope by the handcrafted degradations, which are referred to as novel degradations. In this work, we propose to learn a latent representation space for degradations, which can be generalized from handcrafted (base) degradations to novel degradations. The obtained representations for a novel degradation in this latent space are then leveraged to generate degraded images consistent with the novel degradation to compose paired training data for SR model. Furthermore, we perform variational inference to match the posterior of degradations in latent representation space with a prior distribution (e.g., Gaussian distribution). Consequently, we are able to sample more high-quality representations for a novel degradation to augment the training data for SR model. We conduct extensive experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets to validate the effectiveness and advantages of our method for blind super-resolution with novel degradations.      
### 21.Semantic Segmentation for Autonomous Driving: Model Evaluation, Dataset Generation, Perspective Comparison, and Real-Time Capability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12939.pdf)
>  Environmental perception is an important aspect within the field of autonomous vehicles that provides crucial information about the driving domain, including but not limited to identifying clear driving areas and surrounding obstacles. Semantic segmentation is a widely used perception method for self-driving cars that associates each pixel of an image with a predefined class. In this context, several segmentation models are evaluated regarding accuracy and efficiency. Experimental results on the generated dataset confirm that the segmentation model FasterSeg is fast enough to be used in realtime on lowpower computational (embedded) devices in self-driving cars. A simple method is also introduced to generate synthetic training data for the model. Moreover, the accuracy of the first-person perspective and the bird's eye view perspective are compared. For a $320 \times 256$ input in the first-person perspective, FasterSeg achieves $65.44\,\%$ mean Intersection over Union (mIoU), and for a $320 \times 256$ input from the bird's eye view perspective, FasterSeg achieves $64.08\,\%$ mIoU. Both perspectives achieve a frame rate of $247.11$ Frames per Second (FPS) on the NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier. Lastly, the frame rate and the accuracy with respect to the arithmetic 16-bit Floating Point (FP16) and 32-bit Floating Point (FP32) of both perspectives are measured and compared on the target hardware.      
### 22.A Reliable Online Method for Joint Estimation of Focal Length and Camera Rotation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12934.pdf)
>  Linear perspectivecues deriving from regularities of the built environment can be used to recalibrate both intrinsic and extrinsic camera parameters online, but these estimates can be unreliable due to irregularities in the scene, uncertainties in line segment estimation and background clutter. Here we address this challenge through four initiatives. First, we use the PanoContext panoramic image dataset [27] to curate a novel and realistic dataset of planar projections over a broad range of scenes, focal lengths and camera poses. Second, we use this novel dataset and the YorkUrbanDB [4] to systematically evaluate the linear perspective deviation measures frequently found in the literature and show that the choice of deviation measure and likelihood model has a huge impact on reliability. Third, we use these findings to create a novel system for online camera calibration we call fR, and show that it outperforms the prior state of the art, substantially reducing error in estimated camera rotation and focal length. Our fourth contribution is a novel and efficient approach to estimating uncertainty that can dramatically improve online reliability for performance-critical applications by strategically selecting which frames to use for recalibration.      
### 23.A Guide to Image and Video based Small Object Detection using Deep Learning : Case Study of Maritime Surveillance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12926.pdf)
>  Small object detection (SOD) in optical images and videos is a challenging problem that even state-of-the-art generic object detection methods fail to accurately localize and identify such objects. Typically, small objects appear in real-world due to large camera-object distance. Because small objects occupy only a small area in the input image (e.g., less than 10%), the information extracted from such a small area is not always rich enough to support decision making. Multidisciplinary strategies are being developed by researchers working at the interface of deep learning and computer vision to enhance the performance of SOD deep learning based methods. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive review of over 160 research papers published between 2017 and 2022 in order to survey this growing subject. This paper summarizes the existing literature and provide a taxonomy that illustrates the broad picture of current research. We investigate how to improve the performance of small object detection in maritime environments, where increasing performance is critical. By establishing a connection between generic and maritime SOD research, future directions have been identified. In addition, the popular datasets that have been used for SOD for generic and maritime applications are discussed, and also well-known evaluation metrics for the state-of-the-art methods on some of the datasets are provided.      
### 24.AlignSDF: Pose-Aligned Signed Distance Fields for Hand-Object Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12909.pdf)
>  Recent work achieved impressive progress towards joint reconstruction of hands and manipulated objects from monocular color images. Existing methods focus on two alternative representations in terms of either parametric meshes or signed distance fields (SDFs). On one side, parametric models can benefit from prior knowledge at the cost of limited shape deformations and mesh resolutions. Mesh models, hence, may fail to precisely reconstruct details such as contact surfaces of hands and objects. SDF-based methods, on the other side, can represent arbitrary details but are lacking explicit priors. In this work we aim to improve SDF models using priors provided by parametric representations. In particular, we propose a joint learning framework that disentangles the pose and the shape. We obtain hand and object poses from parametric models and use them to align SDFs in 3D space. We show that such aligned SDFs better focus on reconstructing shape details and improve reconstruction accuracy both for hands and objects. We evaluate our method and demonstrate significant improvements over the state of the art on the challenging ObMan and DexYCB benchmarks.      
### 25.Cross-Modality Image Registration using a Training-Time Privileged Third Modality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12901.pdf)
>  In this work, we consider the task of pairwise cross-modality image registration, which may benefit from exploiting additional images available only at training time from an additional modality that is different to those being registered. As an example, we focus on aligning intra-subject multiparametric Magnetic Resonance (mpMR) images, between T2-weighted (T2w) scans and diffusion-weighted scans with high b-value (DWI$_{high-b}$). For the application of localising tumours in mpMR images, diffusion scans with zero b-value (DWI$_{b=0}$) are considered easier to register to T2w due to the availability of corresponding features. We propose a learning from privileged modality algorithm, using a training-only imaging modality DWI$_{b=0}$, to support the challenging multi-modality registration problems. We present experimental results based on 369 sets of 3D multiparametric MRI images from 356 prostate cancer patients and report, with statistical significance, a lowered median target registration error of 4.34 mm, when registering the holdout DWI$_{high-b}$ and T2w image pairs, compared with that of 7.96 mm before registration. Results also show that the proposed learning-based registration networks enabled efficient registration with comparable or better accuracy, compared with a classical iterative algorithm and other tested learning-based methods with/without the additional modality. These compared algorithms also failed to produce any significantly improved alignment between DWI$_{high-b}$ and T2w in this challenging application.      
### 26.LaKo: Knowledge-driven Visual Question Answering via Late Knowledge-to-Text Injection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12888.pdf)
>  Visual question answering (VQA) often requires an understanding of visual concepts and language semantics, which relies on external knowledge. Most existing methods exploit pre-trained language models or/and unstructured text, but the knowledge in these resources are often incomplete and noisy. Some methods prefer to use knowledge graphs (KGs) which often have intensive structured knowledge, but the research is still quite preliminary. In this paper, we propose LaKo, a knowledge-driven VQA method via Late Knowledge-to-text Injection. To effectively incorporate an external KG, we transfer triples into text and propose a late injection mechanism. Finally we address VQA as a text generation task with an effective encoder-decoder paradigm. In the evaluation with OKVQA datasets, our method achieves state-of-the-art results.      
### 27.Detection of road traffic crashes based on collision estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12886.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a framework based on computer vision that can detect road traffic crashes (RCTs) by using the installed surveillance/CCTV camera and report them to the emergency in real-time with the exact location and time of occurrence of the accident. The framework is built of five modules. We start with the detection of vehicles by using YOLO architecture; The second module is the tracking of vehicles using MOSSE tracker, Then the third module is a new approach to detect accidents based on collision estimation. Then the fourth module for each vehicle, we detect if there is a car accident or not based on the violent flow descriptor (ViF) followed by an SVM classifier for crash prediction. Finally, in the last stage, if there is a car accident, the system will send a notification to the emergency by using a GPS module that provides us with the location, time, and date of the accident to be sent to the emergency with the help of the GSM module. The main objective is to achieve higher accuracy with fewer false alarms and to implement a simple system based on pipelining technique.      
### 28.Generalized Probabilistic U-Net for medical image segementation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12872.pdf)
>  We propose the Generalized Probabilistic U-Net, which extends the Probabilistic U-Net by allowing more general forms of the Gaussian distribution as the latent space distribution that can better approximate the uncertainty in the reference segmentations. We study the effect the choice of latent space distribution has on capturing the uncertainty in the reference segmentations using the LIDC-IDRI dataset. We show that the choice of distribution affects the sample diversity of the predictions and their overlap with respect to the reference segmentations. For the LIDC-IDRI dataset, we show that using a mixture of Gaussians results in a statistically significant improvement in the generalized energy distance (GED) metric with respect to the standard Probabilistic U-Net. We have made our implementation available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ishaanb92/GeneralizedProbabilisticUNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 29.FRIB: Low-poisoning Rate Invisible Backdoor Attack based on Feature Repair  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12863.pdf)
>  During the generation of invisible backdoor attack poisoned data, the feature space transformation operation tends to cause the loss of some poisoned features and weakens the mapping relationship between source images with triggers and target labels, resulting in the need for a higher poisoning rate to achieve the corresponding backdoor attack success rate. To solve the above problems, we propose the idea of feature repair for the first time and introduce the blind watermark technique to repair the poisoned features lost during the generation of poisoned data. Under the premise of ensuring consistent labeling, we propose a low-poisoning rate invisible backdoor attack based on feature repair, named FRIB. Benefiting from the above design concept, the new method enhances the mapping relationship between the source images with triggers and the target labels, and increases the degree of misleading DNNs, thus achieving a high backdoor attack success rate with a very low poisoning rate. Ultimately, the detailed experimental results show that the goal of achieving a high success rate of backdoor attacks with a very low poisoning rate is achieved on all MNIST, CIFAR10, GTSRB, and ImageNet datasets.      
### 30.Visually explaining 3D-CNN predictions for video classification with an adaptive occlusion sensitivity analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12859.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a method for visually explaining the decision-making process of 3D convolutional neural networks (CNN) with a temporal extension of occlusion sensitivity analysis. The key idea here is to occlude a specific volume of data by a 3D mask in an input 3D temporal-spatial data space and then measure the change degree in the output score. The occluded volume data that produces a larger change degree is regarded as a more critical element for classification. However, while the occlusion sensitivity analysis is commonly used to analyze single image classification, it is not so straightforward to apply this idea to video classification as a simple fixed cuboid cannot deal with the motions. To this end, we adapt the shape of a 3D occlusion mask to complicated motions of target objects. Our flexible mask adaptation is performed by considering the temporal continuity and spatial co-occurrence of the optical flows extracted from the input video data. We further propose to approximate our method by using the first-order partial derivative of the score with respect to an input image to reduce its computational cost. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method through various and extensive comparisons with the conventional methods in terms of the deletion/insertion metric and the pointing metric on the UCF-101. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/uchiyama33/AOSA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Towards Smart City Security: Violence and Weaponized Violence Detection using DCNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12850.pdf)
>  In this ever connected society, CCTVs have had a pivotal role in enforcing safety and security of the citizens by recording unlawful activities for the authorities to take actions. In a smart city context, using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNN) to detection violence and weaponized violence from CCTV videos will provide an additional layer of security by ensuring real-time detection around the clock. In this work, we introduced a new specialised dataset by gathering real CCTV footage of both weaponized and non-weaponized violence as well as non-violence videos from YouTube. We also proposed a novel approach in merging consecutive video frames into a single salient image which will then be the input to the DCNN. Results from multiple DCNN architectures have proven the effectiveness of our method by having the highest accuracy of 99\%. We also take into consideration the efficiency of our methods through several parameter trade-offs to ensure smart city sustainability.      
### 32.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Video Transformers in Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12842.pdf)
>  Over the last few years, Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) techniques have acquired remarkable importance and popularity in computer vision. However, when compared to the extensive literature available for images, the field of videos is still relatively unexplored. On the other hand, the performance of a model in action recognition is heavily affected by domain shift. In this paper, we propose a simple and novel UDA approach for video action recognition. Our approach leverages recent advances on spatio-temporal transformers to build a robust source model that better generalises to the target domain. Furthermore, our architecture learns domain invariant features thanks to the introduction of a novel alignment loss term derived from the Information Bottleneck principle. We report results on two video action recognition benchmarks for UDA, showing state-of-the-art performance on HMDB$\leftrightarrow$UCF, as well as on Kinetics$\rightarrow$NEC-Drone, which is more challenging. This demonstrates the effectiveness of our method in handling different levels of domain shift. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vturrisi/UDAVT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.KinePose: A temporally optimized inverse kinematics technique for 6DOF human pose estimation with biomechanical constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12841.pdf)
>  Computer vision/deep learning-based 3D human pose estimation methods aim to localize human joints from images and videos. Pose representation is normally limited to 3D joint positional/translational degrees of freedom (3DOFs), however, a further three rotational DOFs (6DOFs) are required for many potential biomechanical applications. Positional DOFs are insufficient to analytically solve for joint rotational DOFs in a 3D human skeletal model. Therefore, we propose a temporal inverse kinematics (IK) optimization technique to infer joint orientations throughout a biomechanically informed, and subject-specific kinematic chain. For this, we prescribe link directions from a position-based 3D pose estimate. Sequential least squares quadratic programming is used to solve a minimization problem that involves both frame-based pose terms, and a temporal term. The solution space is constrained using joint DOFs, and ranges of motion (ROMs). We generate 3D pose motion sequences to assess the IK approach both for general accuracy, and accuracy in boundary cases. Our temporal algorithm achieves 6DOF pose estimates with low Mean Per Joint Angular Separation (MPJAS) errors (3.7°/joint overall, &amp; 1.6°/joint for lower limbs). With frame-by-frame IK we obtain low errors in the case of bent elbows and knees, however, motion sequences with phases of extended/straight limbs results in ambiguity in twist angle. With temporal IK, we reduce ambiguity for these poses, resulting in lower average errors.      
### 34.Multimodal-GuideNet: Gaze-Probe Bidirectional Guidance in Obstetric Ultrasound Scanning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12833.pdf)
>  Eye trackers can provide visual guidance to sonographers during ultrasound (US) scanning. Such guidance is potentially valuable for less experienced operators to improve their scanning skills on how to manipulate the probe to achieve the desired plane. In this paper, a multimodal guidance approach (Multimodal-GuideNet) is proposed to capture the stepwise dependency between a real-world US video signal, synchronized gaze, and probe motion within a unified framework. To understand the causal relationship between gaze movement and probe motion, our model exploits multitask learning to jointly learn two related tasks: predicting gaze movements and probe signals that an experienced sonographer would perform in routine obstetric scanning. The two tasks are associated by a modality-aware spatial graph to detect the co-occurrence among the multi-modality inputs and share useful cross-modal information. Instead of a deterministic scanning path, Multimodal-GuideNet allows for scanning diversity by estimating the probability distribution of real scans. Experiments performed with three typical obstetric scanning examinations show that the new approach outperforms single-task learning for both probe motion guidance and gaze movement prediction. Multimodal-GuideNet also provides a visual guidance signal with an error rate of less than 10 pixels for a 224x288 US image.      
### 35.Compositional Human-Scene Interaction Synthesis with Semantic Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12824.pdf)
>  Synthesizing natural interactions between virtual humans and their 3D environments is critical for numerous applications, such as computer games and AR/VR experiences. Our goal is to synthesize humans interacting with a given 3D scene controlled by high-level semantic specifications as pairs of action categories and object instances, e.g., "sit on the chair". The key challenge of incorporating interaction semantics into the generation framework is to learn a joint representation that effectively captures heterogeneous information, including human body articulation, 3D object geometry, and the intent of the interaction. To address this challenge, we design a novel transformer-based generative model, in which the articulated 3D human body surface points and 3D objects are jointly encoded in a unified latent space, and the semantics of the interaction between the human and objects are embedded via positional encoding. Furthermore, inspired by the compositional nature of interactions that humans can simultaneously interact with multiple objects, we define interaction semantics as the composition of varying numbers of atomic action-object pairs. Our proposed generative model can naturally incorporate varying numbers of atomic interactions, which enables synthesizing compositional human-scene interactions without requiring composite interaction data. We extend the PROX dataset with interaction semantic labels and scene instance segmentation to evaluate our method and demonstrate that our method can generate realistic human-scene interactions with semantic control. Our perceptual study shows that our synthesized virtual humans can naturally interact with 3D scenes, considerably outperforming existing methods. We name our method COINS, for COmpositional INteraction Synthesis with Semantic Control. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zkf1997/COINS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.S-Prompts Learning with Pre-trained Transformers: An Occam's Razor for Domain Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12819.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art deep neural networks are still struggling to address the catastrophic forgetting problem in continual learning. In this paper, we propose one simple paradigm (named as S-Prompting) and two concrete approaches to highly reduce the forgetting degree in one of the most typical continual learning scenarios, i.e., domain increment learning (DIL). The key idea of the paradigm is to learn prompts independently across domains with pre-trained transformers, avoiding the use of exemplars that commonly appear in conventional methods. This results in a win-win game where the prompting can achieve the best for each domain. The independent prompting across domains only requests one single cross-entropy loss for training and one simple K-NN operation as a domain identifier for inference. The learning paradigm derives an image prompt learning approach and a brand-new language-image prompt learning approach. Owning an excellent scalability (0.03% parameter increase per domain), the best of our approaches achieves a remarkable relative improvement (an average of about 30%) over the best of the state-of-the-art exemplar-free methods for three standard DIL tasks, and even surpasses the best of them relatively by about 6% in average when they use exemplars.      
### 37.Bodily Behaviors in Social Interaction: Novel Annotations and State-of-the-Art Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12817.pdf)
>  Body language is an eye-catching social signal and its automatic analysis can significantly advance artificial intelligence systems to understand and actively participate in social interactions. While computer vision has made impressive progress in low-level tasks like head and body pose estimation, the detection of more subtle behaviors such as gesturing, grooming, or fumbling is not well explored. In this paper we present BBSI, the first set of annotations of complex Bodily Behaviors embedded in continuous Social Interactions in a group setting. Based on previous work in psychology, we manually annotated 26 hours of spontaneous human behavior in the MPIIGroupInteraction dataset with 15 distinct body language classes. We present comprehensive descriptive statistics on the resulting dataset as well as results of annotation quality evaluations. For automatic detection of these behaviors, we adapt the Pyramid Dilated Attention Network (PDAN), a state-of-the-art approach for human action detection. We perform experiments using four variants of spatial-temporal features as input to PDAN: Two-Stream Inflated 3D CNN, Temporal Segment Networks, Temporal Shift Module and Swin Transformer. Results are promising and indicate a great room for improvement in this difficult task. Representing a key piece in the puzzle towards automatic understanding of social behavior, BBSI is fully available to the research community.      
### 38.Class-Aware Universum Inspired Re-Balance Learning for Long-Tailed Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12808.pdf)
>  Data augmentation for minority classes is an effective strategy for long-tailed recognition, thus developing a large number of methods. Although these methods all ensure the balance in sample quantity, the quality of the augmented samples is not always satisfactory for recognition, being prone to such problems as over-fitting, lack of diversity, semantic drift, etc. For these issues, we propose the Class-aware Universum Inspired Re-balance Learning(CaUIRL) for long-tailed recognition, which endows the Universum with class-aware ability to re-balance individual minority classes from both sample quantity and quality. In particular, we theoretically prove that the classifiers learned by CaUIRL are consistent with those learned under the balanced condition from a Bayesian perspective. In addition, we further develop a higher-order mixup approach, which can automatically generate class-aware Universum(CaU) data without resorting to any external data. Unlike the traditional Universum, such generated Universum additionally takes the domain similarity, class separability, and sample diversity into account. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate the surprising advantages of our method, especially the top1 accuracy in minority classes is improved by 1.9% 6% compared to the state-of-the-art method.      
### 39.Static and Dynamic Concepts for Self-supervised Video Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12795.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel learning scheme for self-supervised video representation learning. Motivated by how humans understand videos, we propose to first learn general visual concepts then attend to discriminative local areas for video understanding. Specifically, we utilize static frame and frame difference to help decouple static and dynamic concepts, and respectively align the concept distributions in latent space. We add diversity and fidelity regularizations to guarantee that we learn a compact set of meaningful concepts. Then we employ a cross-attention mechanism to aggregate detailed local features of different concepts, and filter out redundant concepts with low activations to perform local concept contrast. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method distills meaningful static and dynamic concepts to guide video understanding, and obtains state-of-the-art results on UCF-101, HMDB-51, and Diving-48.      
### 40.Criteria Comparative Learning for Real-scene Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12767.pdf)
>  Real-scene image super-resolution aims to restore real-world low-resolution images into their high-quality versions. A typical RealSR framework usually includes the optimization of multiple criteria which are designed for different image properties, by making the implicit assumption that the ground-truth images can provide a good trade-off between different criteria. However, this assumption could be easily violated in practice due to the inherent contrastive relationship between different image properties. Contrastive learning (CL) provides a promising recipe to relieve this problem by learning discriminative features using the triplet contrastive losses. Though CL has achieved significant success in many computer vision tasks, it is non-trivial to introduce CL to RealSR due to the difficulty in defining valid positive image pairs in this case. Inspired by the observation that the contrastive relationship could also exist between the criteria, in this work, we propose a novel training paradigm for RealSR, named Criteria Comparative Learning (Cria-CL), by developing contrastive losses defined on criteria instead of image patches. In addition, a spatial projector is proposed to obtain a good view for Cria-CL in RealSR. Our experiments demonstrate that compared with the typical weighted regression strategy, our method achieves a significant improvement under similar parameter settings.      
### 41.Distribution Learning Based on Evolutionary Algorithm Assisted Deep Neural Networks for Imbalanced Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12744.pdf)
>  To address the trade-off problem of quality-diversity for the generated images in imbalanced classification tasks, we research on over-sampling based methods at the feature level instead of the data level and focus on searching the latent feature space for optimal distributions. On this basis, we propose an iMproved Estimation Distribution Algorithm based Latent featUre Distribution Evolution (MEDA_LUDE) algorithm, where a joint learning procedure is programmed to make the latent features both optimized and evolved by the deep neural networks and the evolutionary algorithm, respectively. We explore the effect of the Large-margin Gaussian Mixture (L-GM) loss function on distribution learning and design a specialized fitness function based on the similarities among samples to increase diversity. Extensive experiments on benchmark based imbalanced datasets validate the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm, which can generate images with both quality and diversity. Furthermore, the MEDA_LUDE algorithm is also applied to the industrial field and successfully alleviates the imbalanced issue in fabric defect classification.      
### 42.$\textbf{P$^2$A}$: A Dataset and Benchmark for Dense Action Detection from Table Tennis Match Broadcasting Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12730.pdf)
>  While deep learning has been widely used for video analytics, such as video classification and action detection, dense action detection with fast-moving subjects from sports videos is still challenging. In this work, we release yet another sports video dataset $\textbf{P$^2$A}$ for $\underline{P}$ing $\underline{P}$ong-$\underline{A}$ction detection, which consists of 2,721 video clips collected from the broadcasting videos of professional table tennis matches in World Table Tennis Championships and Olympiads. We work with a crew of table tennis professionals and referees to obtain fine-grained action labels (in 14 classes) for every ping-pong action that appeared in the dataset and formulate two sets of action detection problems - action localization and action recognition. We evaluate a number of commonly-seen action recognition (e.g., TSM, TSN, Video SwinTransformer, and Slowfast) and action localization models (e.g., BSN, BSN++, BMN, TCANet), using $\textbf{P$^2$A}$ for both problems, under various settings. These models can only achieve 48% area under the AR-AN curve for localization and 82% top-one accuracy for recognition since the ping-pong actions are dense with fast-moving subjects but broadcasting videos are with only 25 FPS. The results confirm that $\textbf{P$^2$A}$ is still a challenging task and can be used as a benchmark for action detection from videos.      
### 43.Convolutional neural networks and multi-threshold analysis for contamination detection in the apparel industry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12720.pdf)
>  Quality control of apparel items is mandatory in modern textile industry, as consumer's awareness and expectations about the highest possible standard is constantly increasing in favor of sustainable and ethical textile products. Such a level of quality is achieved by checking the product throughout its life cycle, from raw materials to boxed stock. Checks may include color shading tests, fasteners fatigue tests, fabric weigh tests, contamination tests, etc. This work deals specifically with the automatic detection of contaminations given by small parts in the finished product such as raw material like little stones and plastic bits or materials from the construction process, like a whole needle or a clip. Identification is performed by a two-level processing of X-ray images of the items: in the first, a multi-threshold analysis recognizes the contaminations by gray level and shape attributes; the second level consists of a deep learning classifier that has been trained to distinguish between true positives and false positives. The automatic detector was successfully deployed in an actual production plant, since the results satisfy the technical specification of the process, namely a number of false negatives smaller than 3% and a number of false positives smaller than 15%.      
### 44.MV-FCOS3D++: Multi-View Camera-Only 4D Object Detection with Pretrained Monocular Backbones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12716.pdf)
>  In this technical report, we present our solution, dubbed MV-FCOS3D++, for the Camera-Only 3D Detection track in Waymo Open Dataset Challenge 2022. For multi-view camera-only 3D detection, methods based on bird-eye-view or 3D geometric representations can leverage the stereo cues from overlapped regions between adjacent views and directly perform 3D detection without hand-crafted post-processing. However, it lacks direct semantic supervision for 2D backbones, which can be complemented by pretraining simple monocular-based detectors. Our solution is a multi-view framework for 4D detection following this paradigm. It is built upon a simple monocular detector FCOS3D++, pretrained only with object annotations of Waymo, and converts multi-view features to a 3D grid space to detect 3D objects thereon. A dual-path neck for single-frame understanding and temporal stereo matching is devised to incorporate multi-frame information. Our method finally achieves 49.75% mAPL with a single model and wins 2nd place in the WOD challenge, without any LiDAR-based depth supervision during training. The code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Tai-Wang/Depth-from-Motion" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.CENet: Toward Concise and Efficient LiDAR Semantic Segmentation for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12691.pdf)
>  Accurate and fast scene understanding is one of the challenging task for autonomous driving, which requires to take full advantage of LiDAR point clouds for semantic segmentation. In this paper, we present a \textbf{concise} and \textbf{efficient} image-based semantic segmentation network, named \textbf{CENet}. In order to improve the descriptive power of learned features and reduce the computational as well as time complexity, our CENet integrates the convolution with larger kernel size instead of MLP, carefully-selected activation functions, and multiple auxiliary segmentation heads with corresponding loss functions into architecture. Quantitative and qualitative experiments conducted on publicly available benchmarks, SemanticKITTI and SemanticPOSS, demonstrate that our pipeline achieves much better mIoU and inference performance compared with state-of-the-art models. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/huixiancheng/CENet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.A Kendall Shape Space Approach to 3D Shape Estimation from 2D Landmarks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12687.pdf)
>  3D shapes provide substantially more information than 2D images. However, the acquisition of 3D shapes is sometimes very difficult or even impossible in comparison with acquiring 2D images, making it necessary to derive the 3D shape from 2D images. Although this is, in general, a mathematically ill-posed problem, it might be solved by constraining the problem formulation using prior information. Here, we present a new approach based on Kendall's shape space to reconstruct 3D shapes from single monocular 2D images. The work is motivated by an application to study the feeding behavior of the basking shark, an endangered species whose massive size and mobility render 3D shape data nearly impossible to obtain, hampering understanding of their feeding behaviors and ecology. 2D images of these animals in feeding position, however, are readily available. We compare our approach with state-of-the-art shape-based approaches, both on human stick models and on shark head skeletons. Using a small set of training shapes, we show that the Kendall shape space approach is substantially more robust than previous methods and results in plausible shapes. This is essential for the motivating application in which specimens are rare and therefore only few training shapes are available.      
### 47.Learning Visual Representation from Modality-Shared Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12661.pdf)
>  Large-scale multi-modal contrastive pre-training has demonstrated great utility to learn transferable features for a range of downstream tasks by mapping multiple modalities into a shared embedding space. Typically, this has employed separate encoders for each modality. However, recent work suggests that transformers can support learning across multiple modalities and allow knowledge sharing. Inspired by this, we investigate a variety of Modality-Shared Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (MS-CLIP) frameworks. More specifically, we question how many parameters of a transformer model can be shared across modalities during contrastive pre-training, and rigorously examine architectural design choices that position the proportion of parameters shared along a spectrum. In studied conditions, we observe that a mostly unified encoder for vision and language signals outperforms all other variations that separate more parameters. Additionally, we find that light-weight modality-specific parallel modules further improve performance. Experimental results show that the proposed MS-CLIP approach outperforms vanilla CLIP by up to 13\% relative in zero-shot ImageNet classification (pre-trained on YFCC-100M), while simultaneously supporting a reduction of parameters. In addition, our approach outperforms vanilla CLIP by 1.6 points in linear probing on a collection of 24 downstream vision tasks. Furthermore, we discover that sharing parameters leads to semantic concepts from different modalities being encoded more closely in the embedding space, facilitating the transferring of common semantic structure (e.g., attention patterns) from language to vision. Code is available at \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Hxyou/MSCLIP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{URL}.      
### 48.Graph Neural Network and Spatiotemporal Transformer Attention for 3D Video Object Detection from Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12659.pdf)
>  Previous works for LiDAR-based 3D object detection mainly focus on the single-frame paradigm. In this paper, we propose to detect 3D objects by exploiting temporal information in multiple frames, i.e., the point cloud videos. We empirically categorize the temporal information into short-term and long-term patterns. To encode the short-term data, we present a Grid Message Passing Network (GMPNet), which considers each grid (i.e., the grouped points) as a node and constructs a k-NN graph with the neighbor grids. To update features for a grid, GMPNet iteratively collects information from its neighbors, thus mining the motion cues in grids from nearby frames. To further aggregate the long-term frames, we propose an Attentive Spatiotemporal Transformer GRU (AST-GRU), which contains a Spatial Transformer Attention (STA) module and a Temporal Transformer Attention (TTA) module. STA and TTA enhance the vanilla GRU to focus on small objects and better align the moving objects. Our overall framework supports both online and offline video object detection in point clouds. We implement our algorithm based on prevalent anchor-based and anchor-free detectors. The evaluation results on the challenging nuScenes benchmark show the superior performance of our method, achieving the 1st on the leaderboard without any bells and whistles, by the time the paper is submitted.      
### 49.Semi-supervised 3D Object Detection with Proficient Teachers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12655.pdf)
>  Dominated point cloud-based 3D object detectors in autonomous driving scenarios rely heavily on the huge amount of accurately labeled samples, however, 3D annotation in the point cloud is extremely tedious, expensive and time-consuming. To reduce the dependence on large supervision, semi-supervised learning (SSL) based approaches have been proposed. The Pseudo-Labeling methodology is commonly used for SSL frameworks, however, the low-quality predictions from the teacher model have seriously limited its performance. In this work, we propose a new Pseudo-Labeling framework for semi-supervised 3D object detection, by enhancing the teacher model to a proficient one with several necessary designs. First, to improve the recall of pseudo labels, a Spatialtemporal Ensemble (STE) module is proposed to generate sufficient seed boxes. Second, to improve the precision of recalled boxes, a Clusteringbased Box Voting (CBV) module is designed to get aggregated votes from the clustered seed boxes. This also eliminates the necessity of sophisticated thresholds to select pseudo labels. Furthermore, to reduce the negative influence of wrongly pseudo-labeled samples during the training, a soft supervision signal is proposed by considering Box-wise Contrastive Learning (BCL). The effectiveness of our model is verified on both ONCE and Waymo datasets. For example, on ONCE, our approach significantly improves the baseline by 9.51 mAP. Moreover, with half annotations, our model outperforms the oracle model with full annotations on Waymo.      
### 50.ProposalContrast: Unsupervised Pre-training for LiDAR-based 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12654.pdf)
>  Existing approaches for unsupervised point cloud pre-training are constrained to either scene-level or point/voxel-level instance discrimination. Scene-level methods tend to lose local details that are crucial for recognizing the road objects, while point/voxel-level methods inherently suffer from limited receptive field that is incapable of perceiving large objects or context environments. Considering region-level representations are more suitable for 3D object detection, we devise a new unsupervised point cloud pre-training framework, called ProposalContrast, that learns robust 3D representations by contrasting region proposals. Specifically, with an exhaustive set of region proposals sampled from each point cloud, geometric point relations within each proposal are modeled for creating expressive proposal representations. To better accommodate 3D detection properties, ProposalContrast optimizes with both inter-cluster and inter-proposal separation, i.e., sharpening the discriminativeness of proposal representations across semantic classes and object instances. The generalizability and transferability of ProposalContrast are verified on various 3D detectors (i.e., PV-RCNN, CenterPoint, PointPillars and PointRCNN) and datasets (i.e., KITTI, Waymo and ONCE).      
### 51.Can Deep Learning Assist Automatic Identification of Layered Pigments From XRF Data?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12651.pdf)
>  X-ray fluorescence spectroscopy (XRF) plays an important role for elemental analysis in a wide range of scientific fields, especially in cultural heritage. XRF imaging, which uses a raster scan to acquire spectra across artworks, provides the opportunity for spatial analysis of pigment distributions based on their elemental composition. However, conventional XRF-based pigment identification relies on time-consuming elemental mapping by expert interpretations of measured spectra. To reduce the reliance on manual work, recent studies have applied machine learning techniques to cluster similar XRF spectra in data analysis and to identify the most likely pigments. Nevertheless, it is still challenging for automatic pigment identification strategies to directly tackle the complex structure of real paintings, e.g. pigment mixtures and layered pigments. In addition, pixel-wise pigment identification based on XRF imaging remains an obstacle due to the high noise level compared with averaged spectra. Therefore, we developed a deep-learning-based end-to-end pigment identification framework to fully automate the pigment identification process. In particular, it offers high sensitivity to the underlying pigments and to the pigments with a low concentration, therefore enabling satisfying results in mapping the pigments based on single-pixel XRF spectrum. As case studies, we applied our framework to lab-prepared mock-up paintings and two 19th-century paintings: Paul Gauguin's Poèmes Barbares (1896) that contains layered pigments with an underlying painting, and Paul Cezanne's The Bathers (1899-1904). The pigment identification results demonstrated that our model achieved comparable results to the analysis by elemental mapping, suggesting the generalizability and stability of our model.      
### 52.Asymmetric Scalable Cross-modal Hashing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12650.pdf)
>  Cross-modal hashing is a successful method to solve large-scale multimedia retrieval issue. A lot of matrix factorization-based hashing methods are proposed. However, the existing methods still struggle with a few problems, such as how to generate the binary codes efficiently rather than directly relax them to continuity. In addition, most of the existing methods choose to use an $n\times n$ similarity matrix for optimization, which makes the memory and computation unaffordable. In this paper we propose a novel Asymmetric Scalable Cross-Modal Hashing (ASCMH) to address these issues. It firstly introduces a collective matrix factorization to learn a common latent space from the kernelized features of different modalities, and then transforms the similarity matrix optimization to a distance-distance difference problem minimization with the help of semantic labels and common latent space. Hence, the computational complexity of the $n\times n$ asymmetric optimization is relieved. In the generation of hash codes we also employ an orthogonal constraint of label information, which is indispensable for search accuracy. So the redundancy of computation can be much reduced. For efficient optimization and scalable to large-scale datasets, we adopt the two-step approach rather than optimizing simultaneously. Extensive experiments on three benchmark datasets: Wiki, MIRFlickr-25K, and NUS-WIDE, demonstrate that our ASCMH outperforms the state-of-the-art cross-modal hashing methods in terms of accuracy and efficiency.      
### 53.Efficient and Accurate Skeleton-Based Two-Person Interaction Recognition Using Inter- and Intra-body Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12648.pdf)
>  Skeleton-based two-person interaction recognition has been gaining increasing attention as advancements are made in pose estimation and graph convolutional networks. Although the accuracy has been gradually improving, the increasing computational complexity makes it more impractical for a real-world environment. There is still room for accuracy improvement as the conventional methods do not fully represent the relationship between inter-body joints. In this paper, we propose a lightweight model for accurately recognizing two-person interactions. In addition to the architecture, which incorporates middle fusion, we introduce a factorized convolution technique to reduce the weight parameters of the model. We also introduce a network stream that accounts for relative distance changes between inter-body joints to improve accuracy. Experiments using two large-scale datasets, NTU RGB+D 60 and 120, show that our method simultaneously achieved the highest accuracy and relatively low computational complexity compared with the conventional methods.      
### 54.Cross-Modal Causal Relational Reasoning for Event-Level Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12647.pdf)
>  Existing visual question answering methods tend to capture the spurious correlations from visual and linguistic modalities, and fail to discover the true casual mechanism that facilitates reasoning truthfully based on the dominant visual evidence and the correct question intention. Additionally, the existing methods usually ignore the complex event-level understanding in multi-modal settings that requires a strong cognitive capability of causal inference to jointly model cross-modal event temporality, causality, and dynamics. In this work, we focus on event-level visual question answering from a new perspective, i.e., cross-modal causal relational reasoning, by introducing causal intervention methods to mitigate the spurious correlations and discover the true causal structures for the integration of visual and linguistic modalities. Specifically, we propose a novel event-level visual question answering framework named Cross-Modal Causal RelatIonal Reasoning (CMCIR), to achieve robust casuality-aware visual-linguistic question answering. To uncover the causal structures for visual and linguistic modalities, the novel Causality-aware Visual-Linguistic Reasoning (CVLR) module is proposed to collaboratively disentangle the visual and linguistic spurious correlations via elaborately designed front-door and back-door causal intervention modules. To discover the fine-grained interactions between linguistic semantics and spatial-temporal representations, we build a novel Spatial-Temporal Transformer (STT) that builds the multi-modal co-occurrence interactions between visual and linguistic content. Extensive experiments on large-scale event-level urban dataset SUTD-TrafficQA and three benchmark real-world datasets TGIF-QA, MSVD-QA, and MSRVTT-QA demonstrate the effectiveness of our CMCIR for discovering visual-linguistic causal structures.      
### 55.Learning Hierarchy Aware Features for Reducing Mistake Severity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12646.pdf)
>  Label hierarchies are often available apriori as part of biological taxonomy or language datasets WordNet. Several works exploit these to learn hierarchy aware features in order to improve the classifier to make semantically meaningful mistakes while maintaining or reducing the overall error. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for learning Hierarchy Aware Features (HAF) that leverages classifiers at each level of the hierarchy that are constrained to generate predictions consistent with the label hierarchy. The classifiers are trained by minimizing a Jensen-Shannon Divergence with target soft labels obtained from the fine-grained classifiers. Additionally, we employ a simple geometric loss that constrains the feature space geometry to capture the semantic structure of the label space. HAF is a training time approach that improves the mistakes while maintaining top-1 error, thereby, addressing the problem of cross-entropy loss that treats all mistakes as equal. We evaluate HAF on three hierarchical datasets and achieve state-of-the-art results on the iNaturalist-19 and CIFAR-100 datasets. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/07Agarg/HAF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 56.Multi-Attention Network for Compressed Video Referring Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12622.pdf)
>  Referring video object segmentation aims to segment the object referred by a given language expression. Existing works typically require compressed video bitstream to be decoded to RGB frames before being segmented, which increases computation and storage requirements and ultimately slows the inference down. This may hamper its application in real-world computing resource limited scenarios, such as autonomous cars and drones. To alleviate this problem, in this paper, we explore the referring object segmentation task on compressed videos, namely on the original video data flow. Besides the inherent difficulty of the video referring object segmentation task itself, obtaining discriminative representation from compressed video is also rather challenging. To address this problem, we propose a multi-attention network which consists of dual-path dual-attention module and a query-based cross-modal Transformer module. Specifically, the dual-path dual-attention module is designed to extract effective representation from compressed data in three modalities, i.e., I-frame, Motion Vector and Residual. The query-based cross-modal Transformer firstly models the correlation between linguistic and visual modalities, and then the fused multi-modality features are used to guide object queries to generate a content-aware dynamic kernel and to predict final segmentation masks. Different from previous works, we propose to learn just one kernel, which thus removes the complicated post mask-matching procedure of existing methods. Extensive promising experimental results on three challenging datasets show the effectiveness of our method compared against several state-of-the-art methods which are proposed for processing RGB data. Source code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DexiangHong/MANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 57.Large-displacement 3D Object Tracking with Hybrid Non-local Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12620.pdf)
>  Optimization-based 3D object tracking is known to be precise and fast, but sensitive to large inter-frame displacements. In this paper we propose a fast and effective non-local 3D tracking method. Based on the observation that erroneous local minimum are mostly due to the out-of-plane rotation, we propose a hybrid approach combining non-local and local optimizations for different parameters, resulting in efficient non-local search in the 6D pose space. In addition, a precomputed robust contour-based tracking method is proposed for the pose optimization. By using long search lines with multiple candidate correspondences, it can adapt to different frame displacements without the need of coarse-to-fine search. After the pre-computation, pose updates can be conducted very fast, enabling the non-local optimization to run in real time. Our method outperforms all previous methods for both small and large displacements. For large displacements, the accuracy is greatly improved ($81.7\% \;\text{v.s.}\; 19.4\%$). At the same time, real-time speed ($&gt;$50fps) can be achieved with only CPU. The source code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cvbubbles/nonlocal-3dtracking" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 58.TGCF: Texture guided color fusion for impressionism oil painting style rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12585.pdf)
>  As a major branch of Non-Photorealistic Rendering (NPR), image stylization mainly uses the computer algorithms to render a photo into an artistic painting. Recent work has shown that the extraction of style information such as stroke texture and color of the target style image is the key to image stylization. Given its stroke texture and color characteristics, a new stroke rendering method is proposed, which fully considers the tonal characteristics and the representative color of the original oil painting, in order to fit the tone of the original oil painting image into the stylized image and make it close to the artist's creative effect. The experiments have validated the efficacy of the proposed model. This method would be more suitable for the works of pointillism painters with a relatively uniform sense of direction, especially for natural scenes. When the original painting brush strokes have a clearer sense of direction, using this method to simulate brushwork texture features can be less satisfactory.      
### 59.RenderNet: Visual Relocalization Using Virtual Viewpoints in Large-Scale Indoor Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12579.pdf)
>  Visual relocalization has been a widely discussed problem in 3D vision: given a pre-constructed 3D visual map, the 6 DoF (Degrees-of-Freedom) pose of a query image is estimated. Relocalization in large-scale indoor environments enables attractive applications such as augmented reality and robot navigation. However, appearance changes fast in such environments when the camera moves, which is challenging for the relocalization system. To address this problem, we propose a virtual view synthesis-based approach, RenderNet, to enrich the database and refine poses regarding this particular scenario. Instead of rendering real images which requires high-quality 3D models, we opt to directly render the needed global and local features of virtual viewpoints and apply them in the subsequent image retrieval and feature matching operations respectively. The proposed method can largely improve the performance in large-scale indoor environments, e.g., achieving an improvement of 7.1\% and 12.2\% on the Inloc dataset.      
### 60.Compiler-Aware Neural Architecture Search for On-Mobile Real-time Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12577.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based super-resolution (SR) has gained tremendous popularity in recent years because of its high image quality performance and wide application scenarios. However, prior methods typically suffer from large amounts of computations and huge power consumption, causing difficulties for real-time inference, especially on resource-limited platforms such as mobile devices. To mitigate this, we propose a compiler-aware SR neural architecture search (NAS) framework that conducts depth search and per-layer width search with adaptive SR blocks. The inference speed is directly taken into the optimization along with the SR loss to derive SR models with high image quality while satisfying the real-time inference requirement. Instead of measuring the speed on mobile devices at each iteration during the search process, a speed model incorporated with compiler optimizations is leveraged to predict the inference latency of the SR block with various width configurations for faster convergence. With the proposed framework, we achieve real-time SR inference for implementing 720p resolution with competitive SR performance (in terms of PSNR and SSIM) on GPU/DSP of mobile platforms (Samsung Galaxy S21).      
### 61.Translating a Visual LEGO Manual to a Machine-Executable Plan  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12572.pdf)
>  We study the problem of translating an image-based, step-by-step assembly manual created by human designers into machine-interpretable instructions. We formulate this problem as a sequential prediction task: at each step, our model reads the manual, locates the components to be added to the current shape, and infers their 3D poses. This task poses the challenge of establishing a 2D-3D correspondence between the manual image and the real 3D object, and 3D pose estimation for unseen 3D objects, since a new component to be added in a step can be an object built from previous steps. To address these two challenges, we present a novel learning-based framework, the Manual-to-Executable-Plan Network (MEPNet), which reconstructs the assembly steps from a sequence of manual images. The key idea is to integrate neural 2D keypoint detection modules and 2D-3D projection algorithms for high-precision prediction and strong generalization to unseen components. The MEPNet outperforms existing methods on three newly collected LEGO manual datasets and a Minecraft house dataset.      
### 62.Inter-Frame Compression for Dynamic Point Cloud Geometry Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12554.pdf)
>  Efficient point cloud compression is essential for applications like virtual and mixed reality, autonomous driving, and cultural heritage. In this paper, we propose a deep learning-based inter-frame encoding scheme for dynamic point cloud geometry compression. We propose a lossy geometry compression scheme that predicts the latent representation of the current frame using the previous frame by employing a novel prediction network. Our proposed network utilizes sparse convolutions with hierarchical multiscale 3D feature learning to encode the current frame using the previous frame. We employ convolution on target coordinates to map the latent representation of the previous frame to the downsampled coordinates of the current frame to predict the current frame's feature embedding. Our framework transmits the residual of the predicted features and the actual features by compressing them using a learned probabilistic factorized entropy model. At the receiver, the decoder hierarchically reconstructs the current frame by progressively rescaling the feature embedding. We compared our model to the state-of-the-art Video-based Point Cloud Compression (V-PCC) and Geometry-based Point Cloud Compression (G-PCC) schemes standardized by the Moving Picture Experts Group (MPEG). Our method achieves more than 91% BD-Rate Bjontegaard Delta Rate) reduction against G-PCC, more than 62% BD-Rate reduction against V-PCC intra-frame encoding mode, and more than 52% BD-Rate savings against V-PCC P-frame-based inter-frame encoding mode using HEVC.      
### 63.Live Stream Temporally Embedded 3D Human Body Pose and Shape Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12537.pdf)
>  3D Human body pose and shape estimation within a temporal sequence can be quite critical for understanding human behavior. Despite the significant progress in human pose estimation in the recent years, which are often based on single images or videos, human motion estimation on live stream videos is still a rarely-touched area considering its special requirements for real-time output and temporal consistency. To address this problem, we present a temporally embedded 3D human body pose and shape estimation (TePose) method to improve the accuracy and temporal consistency of pose estimation in live stream videos. TePose uses previous predictions as a bridge to feedback the error for better estimation in the current frame and to learn the correspondence between data frames and predictions in the history. A multi-scale spatio-temporal graph convolutional network is presented as the motion discriminator for adversarial training using datasets without any 3D labeling. We propose a sequential data loading strategy to meet the special start-to-end data processing requirement of live stream. We demonstrate the importance of each proposed module with extensive experiments. The results show the effectiveness of TePose on widely-used human pose benchmarks with state-of-the-art performance.      
### 64.NeuriCam: Video Super-Resolution and Colorization Using Key Frames  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12496.pdf)
>  We present NeuriCam, a key-frame video super-resolution and colorization based system, to achieve low-power video capture from dual-mode IOT cameras. Our idea is to design a dual-mode camera system where the first mode is low power (1.1~mW) but only outputs gray-scale, low resolution and noisy video and the second mode consumes much higher power (100~mW) but outputs color and higher resolution images. To reduce total energy consumption, we heavily duty cycle the high power mode to output an image only once every second. The data from this camera system is then wirelessly streamed to a nearby plugged-in gateway, where we run our real-time neural network decoder to reconstruct a higher resolution color video. To achieve this, we introduce an attention feature filter mechanism that assigns different weights to different features, based on the correlation between the feature map and contents of the input frame at each spatial location. We design a wireless hardware prototype using off-the-shelf cameras and address practical issues including packet loss and perspective mismatch. Our evaluation shows that our dual-camera hardware reduces camera energy consumption while achieving an average gray-scale PSNR gain of 3.7~dB over prior video super resolution methods and 5.6~dB RGB gain over existing color propagation methods. Open-source code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vb000/NeuriCam" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 65.3D Shape Sequence of Human Comparison and Classification using Current and Varifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12485.pdf)
>  In this paper we address the task of the comparison and the classification of 3D shape sequences of human. The non-linear dynamics of the human motion and the changing of the surface parametrization over the time make this task very challenging. To tackle this issue, we propose to embed the 3D shape sequences in an infinite dimensional space, the space of varifolds, endowed with an inner product that comes from a given positive definite kernel. More specifically, our approach involves two steps: 1) the surfaces are represented as varifolds, this representation induces metrics equivariant to rigid motions and invariant to parametrization; 2) the sequences of 3D shapes are represented by Gram matrices derived from their infinite dimensional Hankel matrices. The problem of comparison of two 3D sequences of human is formulated as a comparison of two Gram-Hankel matrices. Extensive experiments on CVSSP3D and Dyna datasets show that our method is competitive with state-of-the-art in 3D human sequence motion retrieval. Code for the experiments is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CRISTAL-3DSAM/HumanComparisonVarifolds" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 66.Task Agnostic and Post-hoc Unseen Distribution Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13083.pdf)
>  Despite the recent advances in out-of-distribution(OOD) detection, anomaly detection, and uncertainty estimation tasks, there do not exist a task-agnostic and post-hoc approach. To address this limitation, we design a novel clustering-based ensembling method, called Task Agnostic and Post-hoc Unseen Distribution Detection (TAPUDD) that utilizes the features extracted from the model trained on a specific task. Explicitly, it comprises of TAP-Mahalanobis, which clusters the training datasets' features and determines the minimum Mahalanobis distance of the test sample from all clusters. Further, we propose the Ensembling module that aggregates the computation of iterative TAP-Mahalanobis for a different number of clusters to provide reliable and efficient cluster computation. Through extensive experiments on synthetic and real-world datasets, we observe that our approach can detect unseen samples effectively across diverse tasks and performs better or on-par with the existing baselines. To this end, we eliminate the necessity of determining the optimal value of the number of clusters and demonstrate that our method is more viable for large-scale classification tasks.      
### 67.DeFakePro: Decentralized DeepFake Attacks Detection using ENF Authentication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13070.pdf)
>  Advancements in generative models, like Deepfake allows users to imitate a targeted person and manipulate online interactions. It has been recognized that disinformation may cause disturbance in society and ruin the foundation of trust. This article presents DeFakePro, a decentralized consensus mechanism-based Deepfake detection technique in online video conferencing tools. Leveraging Electrical Network Frequency (ENF), an environmental fingerprint embedded in digital media recording, affords a consensus mechanism design called Proof-of-ENF (PoENF) algorithm. The similarity in ENF signal fluctuations is utilized in the PoENF algorithm to authenticate the media broadcasted in conferencing tools. By utilizing the video conferencing setup with malicious participants to broadcast deep fake video recordings to other participants, the DeFakePro system verifies the authenticity of the incoming media in both audio and video channels.      
### 68.Topological Optimized Convolutional Visual Recurrent Network for Brain Tumor Segmentation and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13021.pdf)
>  In today's world of health care, brain tumor (BT) detection has become a common occurrence. However, the manual BT classification approach is time-consuming and only available at a few diagnostic centres. So Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN) is introduced in the medical field for making accurate diagnoses and aiding in the patient's treatment before surgery. But these networks have problems such as overfitting and being unable to extract necessary features for classification. To overcome these problems, we developed the TDA-IPH and Convolutional Transfer learning and Visual Recurrent learning with Elephant Herding Optimization hyper-parameter tuning (CTVR-EHO) models for BT segmentation and classification. Initially, the Topological Data Analysis based Improved Persistent Homology (TDA-IPH) is designed to segment the BT image. Then, from the segmented image, features are extracted simultaneously using TL via the AlexNet model and Bidirectional Visual Long Short Term Memory (Bi-VLSTM). Elephant Herding Optimization (EHO) is used to tune the hyper parameters of both networks to get an optimal result. Finally, extracted features are concatenated and classified using the softmax activation layer. The simulation result of this proposed CTVR-EHO and TDA-IPH method is analysed based on some metrics such as precision, accuracy, recall, loss, and F score. When compared to other existing BT segmentation and classification models, the proposed CTVR-EHO and TDA-IPH approaches show high accuracy (99.8%), high recall (99.23%), high precision (99.67%), and high F score (99.59%).      
### 69.Implementation Of Tiny Machine Learning Models On Arduino 33 BLE For Gesture And Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12866.pdf)
>  In this article gesture recognition and speech recognition applications are implemented on embedded systems with Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML). It features 3-axis accelerometer, 3-axis gyroscope and 3-axis magnetometer. The gesture recognition,provides an innovative approach nonverbal communication. It has wide applications in human-computer interaction and sign language. Here in the implementation of hand gesture recognition, TinyML model is trained and deployed from EdgeImpulse framework for hand gesture recognition and based on the hand movements, Arduino Nano 33 BLE device having 6-axis IMU can find out the direction of movement of hand. The Speech is a mode of communication. Speech recognition is a way by which the statements or commands of human speech is understood by the computer which reacts accordingly. The main aim of speech recognition is to achieve communication between man and machine. Here in the implementation of speech recognition, TinyML model is trained and deployed from EdgeImpulse framework for speech recognition and based on the keywords pronounced by human, Arduino Nano 33 BLE device having built-in microphone can make an RGB LED glow like red, green or blue based on keyword pronounced. The results of each application are obtained and listed in the results section and given the analysis upon the results.      
### 70.Bessel Equivariant Networks for Inversion of Transmission Effects in Multi-Mode Optical Fibres  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12849.pdf)
>  We develop a new type of model for solving the task of inverting the transmission effects of multi-mode optical fibres through the construction of an $\mathrm{SO}^{+}(2,1)$-equivariant neural network. This model takes advantage of the of the azimuthal correlations known to exist in fibre speckle patterns and naturally accounts for the difference in spatial arrangement between input and speckle patterns. In addition, we use a second post-processing network to remove circular artifacts, fill gaps, and sharpen the images, which is required due to the nature of optical fibre transmission. This two stage approach allows for the inspection of the predicted images produced by the more robust physically motivated equivariant model, which could be useful in a safety-critical application, or by the output of both models, which produces high quality images. Further, this model can scale to previously unachievable resolutions of imaging with multi-mode optical fibres and is demonstrated on $256 \times 256$ pixel images. This is a result of improving the trainable parameter requirement from $\mathcal{O}(N^4)$ to $\mathcal{O}(m)$, where $N$ is pixel size and $m$ is number of fibre modes. Finally, this model generalises to new images, outside of the set of training data classes, better than previous models.      
### 71.A Study on the Use of Edge TPUs for Eye Fundus Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12770.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation can be implemented using Deep Learning methods with fast and efficient segmentation networks. Single-board computers (SBCs) are difficult to use to train deep networks due to their memory and processing limitations. Specific hardware such as Google's Edge TPU makes them suitable for real time predictions using complex pre-trained networks. In this work, we study the performance of two SBCs, with and without hardware acceleration for fundus image segmentation, though the conclusions of this study can be applied to the segmentation by deep neural networks of other types of medical images. To test the benefits of hardware acceleration, we use networks and datasets from a previous published work and generalize them by testing with a dataset with ultrasound thyroid images. We measure prediction times in both SBCs and compare them with a cloud based TPU system. The results show the feasibility of Machine Learning accelerated SBCs for optic disc and cup segmentation obtaining times below 25 milliseconds per image using Edge TPUs.      
### 72.Comparison of Deep Learning and Machine Learning Models and Frameworks for Skin Lesion Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12715.pdf)
>  The incidence rate for skin cancer has been steadily increasing throughout the world, leading to it being a serious issue. Diagnosis at an early stage has the potential to drastically reduce the harm caused by the disease, however, the traditional biopsy is a labor-intensive and invasive procedure. In addition, numerous rural communities do not have easy access to hospitals and do not prefer visiting one for what they feel might be a minor issue. Using machine learning and deep learning for skin cancer classification can increase accessibility and reduce the discomforting procedures involved in the traditional lesion detection process. These models can be wrapped in web or mobile apps and serve a greater population. In this paper, two such models are tested on the benchmark HAM10000 dataset of common skin lesions. They are Random Forest with Stratified K-Fold Validation, and MobileNetV2 (throughout the rest of the paper referred to as MobileNet). The MobileNet model was trained separately using both TensorFlow and PyTorch frameworks. A side-by-side comparison of both deep learning and machine learning models and a comparison of the same deep learning model on different frameworks for skin lesion diagnosis in a resource-constrained mobile environment has not been conducted before. The results indicate that each of these models fares better at different classification tasks. For greater overall recall, accuracy, and detection of malignant melanoma, the TensorFlow MobileNet was the better choice. However, for detecting noncancerous skin lesions, the PyTorch MobileNet proved to be better. Random Forest was the better algorithm when it came to having a low computational cost with moderate correctness.      
### 73.WinoGAViL: Gamified Association Benchmark to Challenge Vision-and-Language Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12576.pdf)
>  While vision-and-language models perform well on tasks such as visual question answering, they struggle when it comes to basic human commonsense reasoning skills. In this work, we introduce WinoGAViL: an online game to collect vision-and-language associations, (e.g., werewolves to a full moon), used as a dynamic benchmark to evaluate state-of-the-art models. Inspired by the popular card game Codenames, a spymaster gives a textual cue related to several visual candidates, and another player has to identify them. Human players are rewarded for creating associations that are challenging for a rival AI model but still solvable by other human players. We use the game to collect 3.5K instances, finding that they are intuitive for humans (&gt;90% Jaccard index) but challenging for state-of-the-art AI models, where the best model (ViLT) achieves a score of 52%, succeeding mostly where the cue is visually salient. Our analysis as well as the feedback we collect from players indicate that the collected associations require diverse reasoning skills, including general knowledge, common sense, abstraction, and more. We release the dataset, the code and the interactive game, aiming to allow future data collection that can be used to develop models with better association abilities.      
### 74.Seeing Far in the Dark with Patterned Flash  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12570.pdf)
>  Flash illumination is widely used in imaging under low-light environments. However, illumination intensity falls off with propagation distance quadratically, which poses significant challenges for flash imaging at a long distance. We propose a new flash technique, named ``patterned flash'', for flash imaging at a long distance. Patterned flash concentrates optical power into a dot array. Compared with the conventional uniform flash where the signal is overwhelmed by the noise everywhere, patterned flash provides stronger signals at sparsely distributed points across the field of view to ensure the signals at those points stand out from the sensor noise. This enables post-processing to resolve important objects and details. Additionally, the patterned flash projects texture onto the scene, which can be treated as a structured light system for depth perception. Given the novel system, we develop a joint image reconstruction and depth estimation algorithm with a convolutional neural network. We build a hardware prototype and test the proposed flash technique on various scenes. The experimental results demonstrate that our patterned flash has significantly better performance at long distances in low-light environments.      
### 75.Static Hand Gesture Recognition for American Sign Language using Neuromorphic Hardware  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12559.pdf)
>  In this paper, we develop four spiking neural network (SNN) models for two static American Sign Language (ASL) hand gesture classification tasks, i.e., the ASL Alphabet and ASL Digits. The SNN models are deployed on Intel's neuromorphic platform, Loihi, and then compared against equivalent deep neural network (DNN) models deployed on an edge computing device, the Intel Neural Compute Stick 2 (NCS2). We perform a comprehensive comparison between the two systems in terms of accuracy, latency, power consumption, and energy. The best DNN model achieves an accuracy of 99.6% on the ASL Alphabet dataset, whereas the best performing SNN model has an accuracy of 99.44%. For the ASL-Digits dataset, the best SNN model outperforms all of its DNN counterparts with 99.52% accuracy. Moreover, our obtained experimental results show that the Loihi neuromorphic hardware implementations achieve up to 14.67x and 4.09x reduction in power consumption and energy, respectively, when compared to NCS2.      
### 76.Semi-Leak: Membership Inference Attacks Against Semi-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12535.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning (SSL) leverages both labeled and unlabeled data to train machine learning (ML) models. State-of-the-art SSL methods can achieve comparable performance to supervised learning by leveraging much fewer labeled data. However, most existing works focus on improving the performance of SSL. In this work, we take a different angle by studying the training data privacy of SSL. Specifically, we propose the first data augmentation-based membership inference attacks against ML models trained by SSL. Given a data sample and the black-box access to a model, the goal of membership inference attack is to determine whether the data sample belongs to the training dataset of the model. Our evaluation shows that the proposed attack can consistently outperform existing membership inference attacks and achieves the best performance against the model trained by SSL. Moreover, we uncover that the reason for membership leakage in SSL is different from the commonly believed one in supervised learning, i.e., overfitting (the gap between training and testing accuracy). We observe that the SSL model is well generalized to the testing data (with almost 0 overfitting) but ''memorizes'' the training data by giving a more confident prediction regardless of its correctness. We also explore early stopping as a countermeasure to prevent membership inference attacks against SSL. The results show that early stopping can mitigate the membership inference attack, but with the cost of model's utility degradation.      
### 77.Trainability Preserving Neural Structured Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12534.pdf)
>  Several recent works empirically find finetuning learning rate is critical to the final performance in neural network structured pruning. Further researches find that the network trainability broken by pruning answers for it, thus calling for an urgent need to recover trainability before finetuning. Existing attempts propose to exploit weight orthogonalization to achieve dynamical isometry for improved trainability. However, they only work for linear MLP networks. How to develop a filter pruning method that maintains or recovers trainability and is scalable to modern deep networks remains elusive. In this paper, we present trainability preserving pruning (TPP), a regularization-based structured pruning method that can effectively maintain trainability during sparsification. Specifically, TPP regularizes the gram matrix of convolutional kernels so as to de-correlate the pruned filters from the kept filters. Beside the convolutional layers, we also propose to regularize the BN parameters for better preserving trainability. Empirically, TPP can compete with the ground-truth dynamical isometry recovery method on linear MLP networks. On non-linear networks (ResNet56/VGG19, CIFAR datasets), it outperforms the other counterpart solutions by a large margin. Moreover, TPP can also work effectively with modern deep networks (ResNets) on ImageNet, delivering encouraging performance in comparison to many top-performing filter pruning methods. To our best knowledge, this is the first approach that effectively maintains trainability during pruning for the large-scale deep neural networks.      
### 78.Deep learning-based algorithm for assessment of knee osteoarthritis severity in radiographs matches performance of radiologists  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12521.pdf)
>  A fully-automated deep learning algorithm matched performance of radiologists in assessment of knee osteoarthritis severity in radiographs using the Kellgren-Lawrence grading system. <br>To develop an automated deep learning-based algorithm that jointly uses Posterior-Anterior (PA) and Lateral (LAT) views of knee radiographs to assess knee osteoarthritis severity according to the Kellgren-Lawrence grading system. <br>We used a dataset of 9739 exams from 2802 patients from Multicenter Osteoarthritis Study (MOST). The dataset was divided into a training set of 2040 patients, a validation set of 259 patients and a test set of 503 patients. A novel deep learning-based method was utilized for assessment of knee OA in two steps: (1) localization of knee joints in the images, (2) classification according to the KL grading system. Our method used both PA and LAT views as the input to the model. The scores generated by the algorithm were compared to the grades provided in the MOST dataset for the entire test set as well as grades provided by 5 radiologists at our institution for a subset of the test set. <br>The model obtained a multi-class accuracy of 71.90% on the entire test set when compared to the ratings provided in the MOST dataset. The quadratic weighted Kappa coefficient for this set was 0.9066. The average quadratic weighted Kappa between all pairs of radiologists from our institution who took a part of study was 0.748. The average quadratic-weighted Kappa between the algorithm and the radiologists at our institution was 0.769. <br>The proposed model performed demonstrated equivalency of KL classification to MSK radiologists, but clearly superior reproducibility. Our model also agreed with radiologists at our institution to the same extent as the radiologists with each other. The algorithm could be used to provide reproducible assessment of knee osteoarthritis severity.      
### 79.Color Coding of Large Value Ranges Applied to Meteorological Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12399.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel color scheme designed to address the challenge of visualizing data series with large value ranges, where scale transformation provides limited support. We focus on meteorological data, where the presence of large value ranges is common. We apply our approach to meteorological scatterplots, as one of the most common plots used in this domain area. Our approach leverages the numerical representation of mantissa and exponent of the values to guide the design of novel "nested" color schemes, able to emphasize differences between magnitudes. Our user study evaluates the new designs, the state of the art color scales and representative color schemes used in the analysis of meteorological data: ColorCrafter, Viridis, and Rainbow. We assess accuracy, time and confidence in the context of discrimination (comparison) and interpretation (reading) tasks. Our proposed color scheme significantly outperforms the others in interpretation tasks, while showing comparable performances in discrimination tasks.      
