# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 6 Jul 2022
### 1.Segmenting Moving Objects via an Object-Centric Layered Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02206.pdf)
>  The objective of this paper is a model that is able to discover, track and segment multiple moving objects in a video. We make four contributions: First, we introduce an object-centric segmentation model with a depth-ordered layer representation. This is implemented using a variant of the transformer architecture that ingests optical flow, where each query vector specifies an object and its layer for the entire video. The model can effectively discover multiple moving objects and handle mutual occlusions; Second, we introduce a scalable pipeline for generating synthetic training data with multiple objects, significantly reducing the requirements for labour-intensive annotations, and supporting Sim2Real generalisation; Third, we show that the model is able to learn object permanence and temporal shape consistency, and is able to predict amodal segmentation masks; Fourth, we evaluate the model on standard video segmentation benchmarks, DAVIS, MoCA, SegTrack, FBMS-59, and achieve state-of-the-art unsupervised segmentation performance, even outperforming several supervised approaches. With test-time adaptation, we observe further performance boosts.      
### 2.Clustered Saliency Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02205.pdf)
>  We present a new method for image salience prediction, Clustered Saliency Prediction. This method divides individuals into clusters based on their personal features and their known saliency maps, and generates a separate image salience model for each cluster. We test our approach on a public dataset of personalized saliency maps, with varying importance weights for personal feature factors and observe the effects on the clusters. For each cluster, we use an image-to-image translation method, mainly Pix2Pix model, to convert universal saliency maps to saliency maps of that cluster. We try three state-of-the-art universal saliency prediction methods, DeepGaze II, ML-Net and SalGAN, and see their impact on the results. We show that our Clustered Saliency Prediction technique outperforms the state-of-the-art universal saliency prediction models. Also we demonstrate the effectiveness of our clustering method by comparing the results of Clustered Saliency Prediction using clusters obtained by Subject Similarity Clustering algorithm with two baseline methods. We propose an approach to assign new people to the most appropriate cluster, based on their personal features and any known saliency maps. In our experiments we see that this method of assigning new people to a cluster on average chooses the cluster that gives higher saliency scores.      
### 3.Detecting and Recovering Sequential DeepFake Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02204.pdf)
>  Since photorealistic faces can be readily generated by facial manipulation technologies nowadays, potential malicious abuse of these technologies has drawn great concerns. Numerous deepfake detection methods are thus proposed. However, existing methods only focus on detecting one-step facial manipulation. As the emergence of easy-accessible facial editing applications, people can easily manipulate facial components using multi-step operations in a sequential manner. This new threat requires us to detect a sequence of facial manipulations, which is vital for both detecting deepfake media and recovering original faces afterwards. Motivated by this observation, we emphasize the need and propose a novel research problem called Detecting Sequential DeepFake Manipulation (Seq-DeepFake). Unlike the existing deepfake detection task only demanding a binary label prediction, detecting Seq-DeepFake manipulation requires correctly predicting a sequential vector of facial manipulation operations. To support a large-scale investigation, we construct the first Seq-DeepFake dataset, where face images are manipulated sequentially with corresponding annotations of sequential facial manipulation vectors. Based on this new dataset, we cast detecting Seq-DeepFake manipulation as a specific image-to-sequence (e.g. image captioning) task and propose a concise yet effective Seq-DeepFake Transformer (SeqFakeFormer). Moreover, we build a comprehensive benchmark and set up rigorous evaluation protocols and metrics for this new research problem. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of SeqFakeFormer. Several valuable observations are also revealed to facilitate future research in broader deepfake detection problems.      
### 4.CoBEVT: Cooperative Bird's Eye View Semantic Segmentation with Sparse Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02202.pdf)
>  Bird's eye view (BEV) semantic segmentation plays a crucial role in spatial sensing for autonomous driving. Although recent literature has made significant progress on BEV map understanding, they are all based on single-agent camera-based systems which are difficult to handle occlusions and detect distant objects in complex traffic scenes. Vehicle-to-Vehicle (V2V) communication technologies have enabled autonomous vehicles to share sensing information, which can dramatically improve the perception performance and range as compared to single-agent systems. In this paper, we propose CoBEVT, the first generic multi-agent multi-camera perception framework that can cooperatively generate BEV map predictions. To efficiently fuse camera features from multi-view and multi-agent data in an underlying Transformer architecture, we design a fused axial attention or FAX module, which can capture sparsely local and global spatial interactions across views and agents. The extensive experiments on the V2V perception dataset, OPV2V, demonstrate that CoBEVT achieves state-of-the-art performance for cooperative BEV semantic segmentation. Moreover, CoBEVT is shown to be generalizable to other tasks, including 1) BEV segmentation with single-agent multi-camera and 2) 3D object detection with multi-agent LiDAR systems, and achieves state-of-the-art performance with real-time inference speed.      
### 5.Efficient Spatial-Temporal Information Fusion for LiDAR-Based 3D Moving Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02201.pdf)
>  Accurate moving object segmentation is an essential task for autonomous driving. It can provide effective information for many downstream tasks, such as collision avoidance, path planning, and static map construction. How to effectively exploit the spatial-temporal information is a critical question for 3D LiDAR moving object segmentation (LiDAR-MOS). In this work, we propose a novel deep neural network exploiting both spatial-temporal information and different representation modalities of LiDAR scans to improve LiDAR-MOS performance. Specifically, we first use a range image-based dual-branch structure to separately deal with spatial and temporal information that can be obtained from sequential LiDAR scans, and later combine them using motion-guided attention modules. We also use a point refinement module via 3D sparse convolution to fuse the information from both LiDAR range image and point cloud representations and reduce the artifacts on the borders of the objects. We verify the effectiveness of our proposed approach on the LiDAR-MOS benchmark of SemanticKITTI. Our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods significantly in terms of LiDAR-MOS IoU. Benefiting from the devised coarse-to-fine architecture, our method operates online at sensor frame rate. The implementation of our method is available as open source at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/haomo-ai/MotionSeg3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Accelerating Score-based Generative Models with Preconditioned Diffusion Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02196.pdf)
>  Score-based generative models (SGMs) have recently emerged as a promising class of generative models. However, a fundamental limitation is that their inference is very slow due to a need for many (e.g., 2000) iterations of sequential computations. An intuitive acceleration method is to reduce the sampling iterations which however causes severe performance degradation. We investigate this problem by viewing the diffusion sampling process as a Metropolis adjusted Langevin algorithm, which helps reveal the underlying cause to be ill-conditioned curvature. Under this insight, we propose a model-agnostic preconditioned diffusion sampling (PDS) method that leverages matrix preconditioning to alleviate the aforementioned problem. Crucially, PDS is proven theoretically to converge to the original target distribution of a SGM, no need for retraining. Extensive experiments on three image datasets with a variety of resolutions and diversity validate that PDS consistently accelerates off-the-shelf SGMs whilst maintaining the synthesis quality. In particular, PDS can accelerate by up to 29x on more challenging high resolution (1024x1024) image generation.      
### 7.NeuralPassthrough: Learned Real-Time View Synthesis for VR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02186.pdf)
>  Virtual reality (VR) headsets provide an immersive, stereoscopic visual experience, but at the cost of blocking users from directly observing their physical environment. Passthrough techniques are intended to address this limitation by leveraging outward-facing cameras to reconstruct the images that would otherwise be seen by the user without the headset. This is inherently a real-time view synthesis challenge, since passthrough cameras cannot be physically co-located with the eyes. Existing passthrough techniques suffer from distracting reconstruction artifacts, largely due to the lack of accurate depth information (especially for near-field and disoccluded objects), and also exhibit limited image quality (e.g., being low resolution and monochromatic). In this paper, we propose the first learned passthrough method and assess its performance using a custom VR headset that contains a stereo pair of RGB cameras. Through both simulations and experiments, we demonstrate that our learned passthrough method delivers superior image quality compared to state-of-the-art methods, while meeting strict VR requirements for real-time, perspective-correct stereoscopic view synthesis over a wide field of view for desktop-connected headsets.      
### 8.CLEAR: Improving Vision-Language Navigation with Cross-Lingual, Environment-Agnostic Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02185.pdf)
>  Vision-and-Language Navigation (VLN) tasks require an agent to navigate through the environment based on language instructions. In this paper, we aim to solve two key challenges in this task: utilizing multilingual instructions for improved instruction-path grounding and navigating through new environments that are unseen during training. To address these challenges, we propose CLEAR: Cross-Lingual and Environment-Agnostic Representations. First, our agent learns a shared and visually-aligned cross-lingual language representation for the three languages (English, Hindi and Telugu) in the Room-Across-Room dataset. Our language representation learning is guided by text pairs that are aligned by visual information. Second, our agent learns an environment-agnostic visual representation by maximizing the similarity between semantically-aligned image pairs (with constraints on object-matching) from different environments. Our environment agnostic visual representation can mitigate the environment bias induced by low-level visual information. Empirically, on the Room-Across-Room dataset, we show that our multilingual agent gets large improvements in all metrics over the strong baseline model when generalizing to unseen environments with the cross-lingual language representation and the environment-agnostic visual representation. Furthermore, we show that our learned language and visual representations can be successfully transferred to the Room-to-Room and Cooperative Vision-and-Dialogue Navigation task, and present detailed qualitative and quantitative generalization and grounding analysis. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jialuli-luka/CLEAR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 9.ST-CoNAL: Consistency-Based Acquisition Criterion Using Temporal Self-Ensemble for Active Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02182.pdf)
>  Modern deep learning has achieved great success in various fields. However, it requires the labeling of huge amounts of data, which is expensive and labor-intensive. Active learning (AL), which identifies the most informative samples to be labeled, is becoming increasingly important to maximize the efficiency of the training process. The existing AL methods mostly use only a single final fixed model for acquiring the samples to be labeled. This strategy may not be good enough in that the structural uncertainty of a model for given training data is not considered to acquire the samples. In this study, we propose a novel acquisition criterion based on temporal self-ensemble generated by conventional stochastic gradient descent (SGD) optimization. These self-ensemble models are obtained by capturing the intermediate network weights obtained through SGD iterations. Our acquisition function relies on a consistency measure between the student and teacher models. The student models are given a fixed number of temporal self-ensemble models, and the teacher model is constructed by averaging the weights of the student models. Using the proposed acquisition criterion, we present an AL algorithm, namely student-teacher consistency-based AL (ST-CoNAL). Experiments conducted for image classification tasks on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, Caltech-256, and Tiny ImageNet datasets demonstrate that the proposed ST-CoNAL achieves significantly better performance than the existing acquisition methods. Furthermore, extensive experiments show the robustness and effectiveness of our methods.      
### 10.Activation Template Matching Loss for Explainable Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02179.pdf)
>  Can we construct an explainable face recognition network able to learn a facial part-based feature like eyes, nose, mouth and so forth, without any manual annotation or additionalsion datasets? In this paper, we propose a generic Explainable Channel Loss (ECLoss) to construct an explainable face recognition network. The explainable network trained with ECLoss can easily learn the facial part-based representation on the target convolutional layer, where an individual channel can detect a certain face part. Our experiments on dozens of datasets show that ECLoss achieves superior explainability metrics, and at the same time improves the performance of face verification without face alignment. In addition, our visualization results also illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed ECLoss.      
### 11.DBN-Mix: Training Dual Branch Network Using Bilateral Mixup Augmentation for Long-Tailed Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02173.pdf)
>  There is a growing interest in the challenging visual perception task of learning from long-tailed class distributions. The extreme class imbalance in the training dataset biases the model to prefer to recognize majority-class data over minority-class data. Recently, the dual branch network (DBN) framework has been proposed, where two branch networks; the conventional branch and the re-balancing branch were employed to improve the accuracy of long-tailed visual recognition. The re-balancing branch uses a reverse sampler to generate class-balanced training samples to mitigate bias due to class imbalance. Although this strategy has been quite successful in handling bias, using a reversed sampler for training can degrade the representation learning performance. To alleviate this issue, the conventional method used a carefully designed cumulative learning strategy, in which the influence of the re-balancing branch gradually increases throughout the entire training phase. In this study, we aim to develop a simple yet effective method to improve the performance of DBN without cumulative learning that is difficult to optimize. We devise a simple data augmentation method termed bilateral mixup augmentation, which combines one sample from the uniform sampler with another sample from the reversed sampler to produce a training sample. Furthermore, we present class-conditional temperature scaling that mitigates bias toward the majority class for the proposed DBN architecture. Our experiments performed on widely used long-tailed visual recognition datasets show that bilateral mixup augmentation is quite effective in improving the representation learning performance of DBNs, and that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance for some categories.      
### 12.Automatic inspection of cultural monuments using deep and tensor-based learning on hyperspectral imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02163.pdf)
>  In Cultural Heritage, hyperspectral images are commonly used since they provide extended information regarding the optical properties of materials. Thus, the processing of such high-dimensional data becomes challenging from the perspective of machine learning techniques to be applied. In this paper, we propose a Rank-$R$ tensor-based learning model to identify and classify material defects on Cultural Heritage monuments. In contrast to conventional deep learning approaches, the proposed high order tensor-based learning demonstrates greater accuracy and robustness against overfitting. Experimental results on real-world data from UNESCO protected areas indicate the superiority of the proposed scheme compared to conventional deep learning models.      
### 13.Multi-modal Robustness Analysis Against Language and Visual Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02159.pdf)
>  Joint visual and language modeling on large-scale datasets has recently shown a good progress in multi-modal tasks when compared to single modal learning. However, robustness of these approaches against real-world perturbations has not been studied. In this work, we perform the first extensive robustness study of such models against various real-world perturbations focusing on video and language. We focus on text-to-video retrieval and propose two large-scale benchmark datasets, MSRVTT-P and YouCook2-P, which utilize 90 different visual and 35 different textual perturbations. The study reveals some interesting findings: 1) The studied models are more robust when text is perturbed versus when video is perturbed 2) The transformer text encoder is more robust on non-semantic changing text perturbations and visual perturbations compared to word embedding approaches. 3) Using two-branch encoders in isolation is typically more robust than when architectures use cross-attention. We hope this study will serve as a benchmark and guide future research in robust multimodal learning.      
### 14.Class-Specific Semantic Reconstruction for Open Set Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02158.pdf)
>  Open set recognition enables deep neural networks (DNNs) to identify samples of unknown classes, while maintaining high classification accuracy on samples of known classes. Existing methods basing on auto-encoder (AE) and prototype learning show great potential in handling this challenging task. In this study, we propose a novel method, called Class-Specific Semantic Reconstruction (CSSR), that integrates the power of AE and prototype learning. Specifically, CSSR replaces prototype points with manifolds represented by class-specific AEs. Unlike conventional prototype-based methods, CSSR models each known class on an individual AE manifold, and measures class belongingness through AE's reconstruction error. Class-specific AEs are plugged into the top of the DNN backbone and reconstruct the semantic representations learned by the DNN instead of the raw image. Through end-to-end learning, the DNN and the AEs boost each other to learn both discriminative and representative information. The results of experiments conducted on multiple datasets show that the proposed method achieves outstanding performance in both close and open set recognition and is sufficiently simple and flexible to incorporate into existing frameworks.      
### 15.Deep Learning for Finger Vein Recognition: A Brief Survey of Recent Trend  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02148.pdf)
>  Finger vein image recognition technology plays an important role in biometric recognition and has been successfully applied in many fields. Because veins are buried beneath the skin tissue, finger vein image recognition has an unparalleled advantage, which is not easily disturbed by external factors. This review summarizes 46 papers about deep learning for finger vein image recognition from 2017 to 2021. These papers are summarized according to the tasks of deep neural networks. Besides, we present the challenges and potential development directions of finger vein image recognition.      
### 16.Improving Semantic Segmentation in Transformers using Hierarchical Inter-Level Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02126.pdf)
>  Existing transformer-based image backbones typically propagate feature information in one direction from lower to higher-levels. This may not be ideal since the localization ability to delineate accurate object boundaries, is most prominent in the lower, high-resolution feature maps, while the semantics that can disambiguate image signals belonging to one object vs. another, typically emerges in a higher level of processing. We present Hierarchical Inter-Level Attention (HILA), an attention-based method that captures Bottom-Up and Top-Down Updates between features of different levels. HILA extends hierarchical vision transformer architectures by adding local connections between features of higher and lower levels to the backbone encoder. In each iteration, we construct a hierarchy by having higher-level features compete for assignments to update lower-level features belonging to them, iteratively resolving object-part relationships. These improved lower-level features are then used to re-update the higher-level features. HILA can be integrated into the majority of hierarchical architectures without requiring any changes to the base model. We add HILA into SegFormer and the Swin Transformer and show notable improvements in accuracy in semantic segmentation with fewer parameters and FLOPS. Project website and code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~garyleung/hila/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 17.Improving Covariance Conditioning of the SVD Meta-layer by Orthogonality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02119.pdf)
>  Inserting an SVD meta-layer into neural networks is prone to make the covariance ill-conditioned, which could harm the model in the training stability and generalization abilities. In this paper, we systematically study how to improve the covariance conditioning by enforcing orthogonality to the Pre-SVD layer. Existing orthogonal treatments on the weights are first investigated. However, these techniques can improve the conditioning but would hurt the performance. To avoid such a side effect, we propose the Nearest Orthogonal Gradient (NOG) and Optimal Learning Rate (OLR). The effectiveness of our methods is validated in two applications: decorrelated Batch Normalization (BN) and Global Covariance Pooling (GCP). Extensive experiments on visual recognition demonstrate that our methods can simultaneously improve the covariance conditioning and generalization. Moreover, the combinations with orthogonal weight can further boost the performances.      
### 18.CASHformer: Cognition Aware SHape Transformer for Longitudinal Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02091.pdf)
>  Modeling temporal changes in subcortical structures is crucial for a better understanding of the progression of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Given their flexibility to adapt to heterogeneous sequence lengths, mesh-based transformer architectures have been proposed in the past for predicting hippocampus deformations across time. However, one of the main limitations of transformers is the large amount of trainable parameters, which makes the application on small datasets very challenging. In addition, current methods do not include relevant non-image information that can help to identify AD-related patterns in the progression. To this end, we introduce CASHformer, a transformer-based framework to model longitudinal shape trajectories in AD. CASHformer incorporates the idea of pre-trained transformers as universal compute engines that generalize across a wide range of tasks by freezing most layers during fine-tuning. This reduces the number of parameters by over 90% with respect to the original model and therefore enables the application of large models on small datasets without overfitting. In addition, CASHformer models cognitive decline to reveal AD atrophy patterns in the temporal sequence. Our results show that CASHformer reduces the reconstruction error by 73% compared to previously proposed methods. Moreover, the accuracy of detecting patients progressing to AD increases by 3% with imputing missing longitudinal shape data.      
### 19.SiamMask: A Framework for Fast Online Object Tracking and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02088.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce SiamMask, a framework to perform both visual object tracking and video object segmentation, in real-time, with the same simple method. We improve the offline training procedure of popular fully-convolutional Siamese approaches by augmenting their losses with a binary segmentation task. Once the offline training is completed, SiamMask only requires a single bounding box for initialization and can simultaneously carry out visual object tracking and segmentation at high frame-rates. Moreover, we show that it is possible to extend the framework to handle multiple object tracking and segmentation by simply re-using the multi-task model in a cascaded fashion. Experimental results show that our approach has high processing efficiency, at around 55 frames per second. It yields real-time state-of-the-art results on visual-object tracking benchmarks, while at the same time demonstrating competitive performance at a high speed for video object segmentation benchmarks.      
### 20.Test-time Adaptation for Real Image Denoising via Meta-transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02066.pdf)
>  In recent years, a ton of research has been conducted on real image denoising tasks. However, the efforts are more focused on improving real image denoising through creating a better network architecture. We explore a different direction where we propose to improve real image denoising performance through a better learning strategy that can enable test-time adaptation on the multi-task network. The learning strategy is two stages where the first stage pre-train the network using meta-auxiliary learning to get better meta-initialization. Meanwhile, we use meta-learning for fine-tuning (meta-transfer learning) the network as the second stage of our training to enable test-time adaptation on real noisy images. To exploit a better learning strategy, we also propose a network architecture with self-supervised masked reconstruction loss. Experiments on a real noisy dataset show the contribution of the proposed method and show that the proposed method can outperform other SOTA methods.      
### 21.RepMix: Representation Mixing for Robust Attribution of Synthesized Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02063.pdf)
>  Rapid advances in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) raise new challenges for image attribution; detecting whether an image is synthetic and, if so, determining which GAN architecture created it. Uniquely, we present a solution to this task capable of 1) matching images invariant to their semantic content; 2) robust to benign transformations (changes in quality, resolution, shape, etc.) commonly encountered as images are re-shared online. In order to formalize our research, a challenging benchmark, Attribution88, is collected for robust and practical image attribution. We then propose RepMix, our GAN fingerprinting technique based on representation mixing and a novel loss. We validate its capability of tracing the provenance of GAN-generated images invariant to the semantic content of the image and also robust to perturbations. We show our approach improves significantly from existing GAN fingerprinting works on both semantic generalization and robustness. Data and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TuBui/image_attribution" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Image Amodal Completion: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02062.pdf)
>  Existing computer vision systems can compete with humans in understanding the visible parts of objects, but still fall far short of humans when it comes to depicting the invisible parts of partially occluded objects. Image amodal completion aims to equip computers with human-like amodal completion functions to understand an intact object despite it being partially occluded. The main purpose of this survey is to provide an intuitive understanding of the research hotspots, key technologies and future trends in the field of image amodal completion. Firstly, we present a comprehensive review of the latest literature in this emerging field, exploring three key tasks in image amodal completion, including amodal shape completion, amodal appearance completion, and order perception. Then we examine popular datasets related to image amodal completion along with their common data collection methods and evaluation metrics. Finally, we discuss real-world applications and future research directions for image amodal completion, facilitating the reader's understanding of the challenges of existing technologies and upcoming research trends.      
### 23.MVP: Robust Multi-View Practice for Driving Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02042.pdf)
>  Distracted driving causes thousands of deaths per year, and how to apply deep-learning methods to prevent these tragedies has become a crucial problem. In Track3 of the 6th AI City Challenge, researchers provide a high-quality video dataset with densely action annotations. Due to the small data scale and unclear action boundary, the dataset presents a unique challenge to precisely localize all the different actions and classify their categories. In this paper, we make good use of the multi-view synchronization among videos, and conduct robust Multi-View Practice (MVP) for driving action localization. To avoid overfitting, we fine-tune SlowFast with Kinetics-700 pre-training as the feature extractor. Then the features of different views are passed to ActionFormer to generate candidate action proposals. For precisely localizing all the actions, we design elaborate post-processing, including model voting, threshold filtering and duplication removal. The results show that our MVP is robust for driving action localization, which achieves 28.49% F1-score in the Track3 test set.      
### 24.PKD: General Distillation Framework for Object Detectors via Pearson Correlation Coefficient  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02039.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation(KD) is a widely-used technique to train compact models in object detection. However, there is still a lack of study on how to distill between heterogeneous detectors. In this paper, we empirically find that better FPN features from a heterogeneous teacher detector can help the student although their detection heads and label assignments are different. However, directly aligning the feature maps to distill detectors suffers from two problems. First, the difference in feature magnitude between the teacher and the student could enforce overly strict constraints on the student. Second, the FPN stages and channels with large feature magnitude from the teacher model could dominate the gradient of distillation loss, which will overwhelm the effects of other features in KD and introduce much noise. To address the above issues, we propose to imitate features with Pearson Correlation Coefficient to focus on the relational information from the teacher and relax constraints on the magnitude of the features. Our method consistently outperforms the existing detection KD methods and works for both homogeneous and heterogeneous student-teacher pairs. Furthermore, it converges faster. With a powerful MaskRCNN-Swin detector as the teacher, ResNet-50 based RetinaNet and FCOS achieve 41.5% and 43.9% mAP on COCO2017, which are 4.1\% and 4.8\% higher than the baseline, respectively.      
### 25.AvatarCap: Animatable Avatar Conditioned Monocular Human Volumetric Capture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02031.pdf)
>  To address the ill-posed problem caused by partial observations in monocular human volumetric capture, we present AvatarCap, a novel framework that introduces animatable avatars into the capture pipeline for high-fidelity reconstruction in both visible and invisible regions. Our method firstly creates an animatable avatar for the subject from a small number (~20) of 3D scans as a prior. Then given a monocular RGB video of this subject, our method integrates information from both the image observation and the avatar prior, and accordingly recon-structs high-fidelity 3D textured models with dynamic details regardless of the visibility. To learn an effective avatar for volumetric capture from only few samples, we propose GeoTexAvatar, which leverages both geometry and texture supervisions to constrain the pose-dependent dynamics in a decomposed implicit manner. An avatar-conditioned volumetric capture method that involves a canonical normal fusion and a reconstruction network is further proposed to integrate both image observations and avatar dynamics for high-fidelity reconstruction in both observed and invisible regions. Overall, our method enables monocular human volumetric capture with detailed and pose-dependent dynamics, and the experiments show that our method outperforms state of the art. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lizhe00/AvatarCap" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.DeepPS2: Revisiting Photometric Stereo Using Two Differently Illuminated Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02025.pdf)
>  Photometric stereo, a problem of recovering 3D surface normals using images of an object captured under different lightings, has been of great interest and importance in computer vision research. Despite the success of existing traditional and deep learning-based methods, it is still challenging due to: (i) the requirement of three or more differently illuminated images, (ii) the inability to model unknown general reflectance, and (iii) the requirement of accurate 3D ground truth surface normals and known lighting information for training. In this work, we attempt to address an under-explored problem of photometric stereo using just two differently illuminated images, referred to as the PS2 problem. It is an intermediate case between a single image-based reconstruction method like Shape from Shading (SfS) and the traditional Photometric Stereo (PS), which requires three or more images. We propose an inverse rendering-based deep learning framework, called DeepPS2, that jointly performs surface normal, albedo, lighting estimation, and image relighting in a completely self-supervised manner with no requirement of ground truth data. We demonstrate how image relighting in conjunction with image reconstruction enhances the lighting estimation in a self-supervised setting.      
### 27.Multiview Detection with Cardboard Human Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02013.pdf)
>  Multiview detection uses multiple calibrated cameras with overlapping fields of views to locate occluded pedestrians. In this field, existing methods typically adopt a ``human modeling - aggregation'' strategy. To find robust pedestrian representations, some intuitively use locations of detected 2D bounding boxes, while others use entire frame features projected to the ground plane. However, the former does not consider human appearance and leads to many ambiguities, and the latter suffers from projection errors due to the lack of accurate height of the human torso and head. In this paper, we propose a new pedestrian representation scheme based on human point clouds modeling. Specifically, using ray tracing for holistic human depth estimation, we model pedestrians as upright, thin cardboard point clouds on the ground. Then, we aggregate the point clouds of the pedestrian cardboard across multiple views for a final decision. Compared with existing representations, the proposed method explicitly leverages human appearance and reduces projection errors significantly by relatively accurate height estimation. On two standard evaluation benchmarks, the proposed method achieves very competitive results.      
### 28.Open-Vocabulary 3D Detection via Image-level Class and Debiased Cross-modal Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01987.pdf)
>  Current point-cloud detection methods have difficulty detecting the open-vocabulary objects in the real world, due to their limited generalization capability. Moreover, it is extremely laborious and expensive to collect and fully annotate a point-cloud detection dataset with numerous classes of objects, leading to the limited classes of existing point-cloud datasets and hindering the model to learn general representations to achieve open-vocabulary point-cloud detection. As far as we know, we are the first to study the problem of open-vocabulary 3D point-cloud detection. Instead of seeking a point-cloud dataset with full labels, we resort to ImageNet1K to broaden the vocabulary of the point-cloud detector. We propose OV-3DETIC, an Open-Vocabulary 3D DETector using Image-level Class supervision. Specifically, we take advantage of two modalities, the image modality for recognition and the point-cloud modality for localization, to generate pseudo labels for unseen classes. Then we propose a novel debiased cross-modal contrastive learning method to transfer the knowledge from image modality to point-cloud modality during training. Without hurting the latency during inference, OV-3DETIC makes the point-cloud detector capable of achieving open-vocabulary detection. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed OV-3DETIC achieves at least 10.77 % mAP improvement (absolute value) and 9.56 % mAP improvement (absolute value) by a wide range of baselines on the SUN-RGBD dataset and ScanNet dataset, respectively. Besides, we conduct sufficient experiments to shed light on why the proposed OV-3DETIC works.      
### 29.Federated Self-supervised Learning for Video Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01975.pdf)
>  The ubiquity of camera-enabled mobile devices has lead to large amounts of unlabelled video data being produced at the edge. Although various self-supervised learning (SSL) methods have been proposed to harvest their latent spatio-temporal representations for task-specific training, practical challenges including privacy concerns and communication costs prevent SSL from being deployed at large scales. To mitigate these issues, we propose the use of Federated Learning (FL) to the task of video SSL. In this work, we evaluate the performance of current state-of-the-art (SOTA) video-SSL techniques and identify their shortcomings when integrated into the large-scale FL setting simulated with kinetics-400 dataset. We follow by proposing a novel federated SSL framework for video, dubbed FedVSSL, that integrates different aggregation strategies and partial weight updating. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and significance of FedVSSL as it outperforms the centralized SOTA for the downstream retrieval task by 6.66% on UCF-101 and 5.13% on HMDB-51.      
### 30.Understanding and Improving Group Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01972.pdf)
>  Various normalization layers have been proposed to help the training of neural networks. Group Normalization (GN) is one of the effective and attractive studies that achieved significant performances in the visual recognition task. Despite the great success achieved, GN still has several issues that may negatively impact neural network training. In this paper, we introduce an analysis framework and discuss the working principles of GN in affecting the training process of the neural network. From experimental results, we conclude the real cause of GN's inferior performance against Batch normalization (BN): 1) \textbf{unstable training performance}, 2) \textbf{more sensitive} to distortion, whether it comes from external noise or perturbations introduced by the regularization. In addition, we found that GN can only help the neural network training in some specific period, unlike BN, which helps the network throughout the training. To solve these issues, we propose a new normalization layer built on top of GN, by incorporating the advantages of BN. Experimental results on the image classification task demonstrated that the proposed normalization layer outperforms the official GN to improve recognition accuracy regardless of the batch sizes and stabilize the network training.      
### 31.DualAfford: Learning Collaborative Visual Affordance for Dual-gripper Object Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01971.pdf)
>  It is essential yet challenging for future home-assistant robots to understand and manipulate diverse 3D objects in daily human environments. Towards building scalable systems that can perform diverse manipulation tasks over various 3D shapes, recent works have advocated and demonstrated promising results learning visual actionable affordance, which labels every point over the input 3D geometry with an action likelihood of accomplishing the downstream task (e.g., pushing or picking-up). However, these works only studied single-gripper manipulation tasks, yet many real-world tasks require two hands to achieve collaboratively. In this work, we propose a novel learning framework, DualAfford, to learn collaborative affordance for dual-gripper manipulation tasks. The core design of the approach is to reduce the quadratic problem for two grippers into two disentangled yet interconnected subtasks for efficient learning. Using the large-scale PartNet-Mobility and ShapeNet datasets, we set up four benchmark tasks for dual-gripper manipulation. Experiments prove the effectiveness and superiority of our method over three baselines. Additional results and videos can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://hyperplane-lab.github.io/DualAfford" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 32.Image Coding for Machines with Omnipotent Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01932.pdf)
>  Image Coding for Machines (ICM) aims to compress images for AI tasks analysis rather than meeting human perception. Learning a kind of feature that is both general (for AI tasks) and compact (for compression) is pivotal for its success. In this paper, we attempt to develop an ICM framework by learning universal features while also considering compression. We name such features as omnipotent features and the corresponding framework as Omni-ICM. Considering self-supervised learning (SSL) improves feature generalization, we integrate it with the compression task into the Omni-ICM framework to learn omnipotent features. However, it is non-trivial to coordinate semantics modeling in SSL and redundancy removing in compression, so we design a novel information filtering (IF) module between them by co-optimization of instance distinguishment and entropy minimization to adaptively drop information that is weakly related to AI tasks (e.g., some texture redundancy). Different from previous task-specific solutions, Omni-ICM could directly support AI tasks analysis based on the learned omnipotent features without joint training or extra transformation. Albeit simple and intuitive, Omni-ICM significantly outperforms existing traditional and learning-based codecs on multiple fundamental vision tasks.      
### 33.Drone Detection and Tracking in Real-Time by Fusion of Different Sensing Modalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01927.pdf)
>  Automatic detection of flying drones is a key issue where its presence, specially if unauthorized, can create risky situations or compromise security. Here, we design and evaluate a multi-sensor drone detection system. In conjunction with common video cameras and microphone sensors, we explore the use of thermal infrared cameras, pointed out as a feasible and promising solution that is scarcely addressed in the related literature. Our solution integrates a fish-eye camera as well to monitor a wider part of the sky and steer the other cameras towards objects of interest. The sensing solutions are complemented with an ADS-B receiver, a GPS receiver, and a radar module, although the latter has been not included in our final deployment due to its limited detection range. The thermal camera is shown to be a feasible solution as good as the video camera, even if the camera employed here has a lower resolution. Two other novelties of our work are the creation of a new public dataset of multi-sensor annotated data that expand the number of classes in comparison to existing ones, as well as the study of the detector performance as a function of the sensor-to-target distance. Sensor fusion is also explored, showing that the system can be made more robust in this way, mitigating false detections of the individual sensors      
### 34.FishFormer: Annulus Slicing-based Transformer for Fisheye Rectification with Efficacy Domain Exploration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01925.pdf)
>  Numerous significant progress on fisheye image rectification has been achieved through CNN. Nevertheless, constrained by a fixed receptive field, the global distribution and the local symmetry of the distortion have not been fully exploited. To leverage these two characteristics, we introduced Fishformer that processes the fisheye image as a sequence to enhance global and local perception. We tuned the Transformer according to the structural properties of fisheye images. First, the uneven distortion distribution in patches generated by the existing square slicing method confuses the network, resulting in difficult training. Therefore, we propose an annulus slicing method to maintain the consistency of the distortion in each patch, thus perceiving the distortion distribution well. Second, we analyze that different distortion parameters have their own efficacy domains. Hence, the perception of the local area is as important as the global, but Transformer has a weakness for local texture perception. Therefore, we propose a novel layer attention mechanism to enhance the local perception and texture transfer. Our network simultaneously implements global perception and focused local perception decided by the different parameters. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method provides superior performance compared with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 35.GLANCE: Global to Local Architecture-Neutral Concept-based Explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01917.pdf)
>  Most of the current explainability techniques focus on capturing the importance of features in input space. However, given the complexity of models and data-generating processes, the resulting explanations are far from being `complete', in that they lack an indication of feature interactions and visualization of their `effect'. In this work, we propose a novel twin-surrogate explainability framework to explain the decisions made by any CNN-based image classifier (irrespective of the architecture). For this, we first disentangle latent features from the classifier, followed by aligning these features to observed/human-defined `context' features. These aligned features form semantically meaningful concepts that are used for extracting a causal graph depicting the `perceived' data-generating process, describing the inter- and intra-feature interactions between unobserved latent features and observed `context' features. This causal graph serves as a global model from which local explanations of different forms can be extracted. Specifically, we provide a generator to visualize the `effect' of interactions among features in latent space and draw feature importance therefrom as local explanations. Our framework utilizes adversarial knowledge distillation to faithfully learn a representation from the classifiers' latent space and use it for extracting visual explanations. We use the styleGAN-v2 architecture with an additional regularization term to enforce disentanglement and alignment. We demonstrate and evaluate explanations obtained with our framework on Morpho-MNIST and on the FFHQ human faces dataset. Our framework is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/koriavinash1/GLANCE-Explanations" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 36.Hierarchical Symbolic Reasoning in Hyperbolic Space for Deep Discriminative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01916.pdf)
>  Explanations for \emph{black-box} models help us understand model decisions as well as provide information on model biases and inconsistencies. Most of the current explainability techniques provide a single level of explanation, often in terms of feature importance scores or feature attention maps in input space. Our focus is on explaining deep discriminative models at \emph{multiple levels of abstraction}, from fine-grained to fully abstract explanations. We achieve this by using the natural properties of \emph{hyperbolic geometry} to more efficiently model a hierarchy of symbolic features and generate \emph{hierarchical symbolic rules} as part of our explanations. Specifically, for any given deep discriminative model, we distill the underpinning knowledge by discretisation of the continuous latent space using vector quantisation to form symbols, followed by a \emph{hyperbolic reasoning block} to induce an \emph{abstraction tree}. We traverse the tree to extract explanations in terms of symbolic rules and its corresponding visual semantics. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on the MNIST and AFHQ high-resolution animal faces dataset. Our framework is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/koriavinash1/SymbolicInterpretability" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 37.StyleFlow For Content-Fixed Image to Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01909.pdf)
>  Image-to-image (I2I) translation is a challenging topic in computer vision. We divide this problem into three tasks: strongly constrained translation, normally constrained translation, and weakly constrained translation. The constraint here indicates the extent to which the content or semantic information in the original image is preserved. Although previous approaches have achieved good performance in weakly constrained tasks, they failed to fully preserve the content in both strongly and normally constrained tasks, including photo-realism synthesis, style transfer, and colorization, etc. To achieve content-preserving transfer in strongly constrained and normally constrained tasks, we propose StyleFlow, a new I2I translation model that consists of normalizing flows and a novel Style-Aware Normalization (SAN) module. With the invertible network structure, StyleFlow first projects input images into deep feature space in the forward pass, while the backward pass utilizes the SAN module to perform content-fixed feature transformation and then projects back to image space. Our model supports both image-guided translation and multi-modal synthesis. We evaluate our model in several I2I translation benchmarks, and the results show that the proposed model has advantages over previous methods in both strongly constrained and normally constrained tasks.      
### 38.Spatial-Temporal Frequency Forgery Clue for Video Forgery Detection in VIS and NIR Scenario  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01906.pdf)
>  In recent years, with the rapid development of face editing and generation, more and more fake videos are circulating on social media, which has caused extreme public concerns. Existing face forgery detection methods based on frequency domain find that the GAN forged images have obvious grid-like visual artifacts in the frequency spectrum compared to the real images. But for synthesized videos, these methods only confine to single frame and pay little attention to the most discriminative part and temporal frequency clue among different frames. To take full advantage of the rich information in video sequences, this paper performs video forgery detection on both spatial and temporal frequency domains and proposes a Discrete Cosine Transform-based Forgery Clue Augmentation Network (FCAN-DCT) to achieve a more comprehensive spatial-temporal feature representation. FCAN-DCT consists of a backbone network and two branches: Compact Feature Extraction (CFE) module and Frequency Temporal Attention (FTA) module. We conduct thorough experimental assessments on two visible light (VIS) based datasets WildDeepfake and Celeb-DF (v2), and our self-built video forgery dataset DeepfakeNIR, which is the first video forgery dataset on near-infrared modality. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our method on detecting forgery videos in both VIS and NIR scenarios.      
### 39.Open-Vocabulary Multi-Label Classification via Multi-modal Knowledge Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01887.pdf)
>  Real-world recognition system often encounters a plenty of unseen labels in practice. To identify such unseen labels, multi-label zero-shot learning (ML-ZSL) focuses on transferring knowledge by a pre-trained textual label embedding (e.g., GloVe). However, such methods only exploit singlemodal knowledge from a language model, while ignoring the rich semantic information inherent in image-text pairs. Instead, recently developed open-vocabulary (OV) based methods succeed in exploiting such information of image-text pairs in object detection, and achieve impressive performance. Inspired by the success of OV-based methods, we propose a novel open-vocabulary framework, named multimodal knowledge transfer (MKT), for multi-label classification. Specifically, our method exploits multi-modal knowledge of image-text pairs based on a vision and language pretraining (VLP) model. To facilitate transferring the imagetext matching ability of VLP model, knowledge distillation is used to guarantee the consistency of image and label embeddings, along with prompt tuning to further update the label embeddings. To further recognize multiple objects, a simple but effective two-stream module is developed to capture both local and global features. Extensive experimental results show that our method significantly outperforms state-of-theart methods on public benchmark datasets. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/seanhe97/MKT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.Vision-based Uneven BEV Representation Learning with Polar Rasterization and Surface Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01878.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose PolarBEV for vision-based uneven BEV representation learning. To adapt to the foreshortening effect of camera imaging, we rasterize the BEV space both angularly and radially, and introduce polar embedding decomposition to model the associations among polar grids. Polar grids are rearranged to an array-like regular representation for efficient processing. Besides, to determine the 2D-to-3D correspondence, we iteratively update the BEV surface based on a hypothetical plane, and adopt height-based feature transformation. PolarBEV keeps real-time inference speed on a single 2080Ti GPU, and outperforms other methods for both BEV semantic segmentation and BEV instance segmentation. Thorough ablations are presented to validate the design. The code will be released at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SuperZ-Liu/PolarBEV" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 41.Latents2Segments: Disentangling the Latent Space of Generative Models for Semantic Segmentation of Face Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01871.pdf)
>  With the advent of an increasing number of Augmented and Virtual Reality applications that aim to perform meaningful and controlled style edits on images of human faces, the impetus for the task of parsing face images to produce accurate and fine-grained semantic segmentation maps is more than ever before. Few State of the Art (SOTA) methods which solve this problem, do so by incorporating priors with respect to facial structure or other face attributes such as expression and pose in their deep classifier architecture. Our endeavour in this work is to do away with the priors and complex pre-processing operations required by SOTA multi-class face segmentation models by reframing this operation as a downstream task post infusion of disentanglement with respect to facial semantic regions of interest (ROIs) in the latent space of a Generative Autoencoder model. We present results for our model's performance on the CelebAMask-HQ and HELEN datasets. The encoded latent space of our model achieves significantly higher disentanglement with respect to semantic ROIs than that of other SOTA works. Moreover, it achieves a 13% faster inference rate and comparable accuracy with respect to the publicly available SOTA for the downstream task of semantic segmentation of face images.      
### 42.Distance Matters in Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01869.pdf)
>  Human-Object Interaction (HOI) detection has received considerable attention in the context of scene understanding. Despite the growing progress on benchmarks, we realize that existing methods often perform unsatisfactorily on distant interactions, where the leading causes are two-fold: 1) Distant interactions are by nature more difficult to recognize than close ones. A natural scene often involves multiple humans and objects with intricate spatial relations, making the interaction recognition for distant human-object largely affected by complex visual context. 2) Insufficient number of distant interactions in benchmark datasets results in under-fitting on these instances. To address these problems, in this paper, we propose a novel two-stage method for better handling distant interactions in HOI detection. One essential component in our method is a novel Far Near Distance Attention module. It enables information propagation between humans and objects, whereby the spatial distance is skillfully taken into consideration. Besides, we devise a novel Distance-Aware loss function which leads the model to focus more on distant yet rare interactions. We conduct extensive experiments on two challenging datasets - HICO-DET and V-COCO. The results demonstrate that the proposed method can surpass existing approaches by a large margin, resulting in new state-of-the-art performance.      
### 43.Bayesian approaches for Quantifying Clinicians' Variability in Medical Image Quantification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01868.pdf)
>  Medical imaging, including MRI, CT, and Ultrasound, plays a vital role in clinical decisions. Accurate segmentation is essential to measure the structure of interest from the image. However, manual segmentation is highly operator-dependent, which leads to high inter and intra-variability of quantitative measurements. In this paper, we explore the feasibility that Bayesian predictive distribution parameterized by deep neural networks can capture the clinicians' inter-intra variability. By exploring and analyzing recently emerged approximate inference schemes, we evaluate whether approximate Bayesian deep learning with the posterior over segmentations can learn inter-intra rater variability both in segmentation and clinical measurements. The experiments are performed with two different imaging modalities: MRI and ultrasound. We empirically demonstrated that Bayesian predictive distribution parameterized by deep neural networks could approximate the clinicians' inter-intra variability. We show a new perspective in analyzing medical images quantitatively by providing clinical measurement uncertainty.      
### 44.ORF-Net: Deep Omni-supervised Rib Fracture Detection from Chest CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01842.pdf)
>  Most of the existing object detection works are based on the bounding box annotation: each object has a precise annotated box. However, for rib fractures, the bounding box annotation is very labor-intensive and time-consuming because radiologists need to investigate and annotate the rib fractures on a slice-by-slice basis. Although a few studies have proposed weakly-supervised methods or semi-supervised methods, they could not handle different forms of supervision simultaneously. In this paper, we proposed a novel omni-supervised object detection network, which can exploit multiple different forms of annotated data to further improve the detection performance. Specifically, the proposed network contains an omni-supervised detection head, in which each form of annotation data corresponds to a unique classification branch. Furthermore, we proposed a dynamic label assignment strategy for different annotated forms of data to facilitate better learning for each branch. Moreover, we also design a confidence-aware classification loss to emphasize the samples with high confidence and further improve the model's performance. Extensive experiments conducted on the testing dataset show our proposed method outperforms other state-of-the-art approaches consistently, demonstrating the efficacy of deep omni-supervised learning on improving rib fracture detection performance.      
### 45.Learning Local Implicit Fourier Representation for Image Warping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01831.pdf)
>  Image warping aims to reshape images defined on rectangular grids into arbitrary shapes. Recently, implicit neural functions have shown remarkable performances in representing images in a continuous manner. However, a standalone multi-layer perceptron suffers from learning high-frequency Fourier coefficients. In this paper, we propose a local texture estimator for image warping (LTEW) followed by an implicit neural representation to deform images into continuous shapes. Local textures estimated from a deep super-resolution (SR) backbone are multiplied by locally-varying Jacobian matrices of a coordinate transformation to predict Fourier responses of a warped image. Our LTEW-based neural function outperforms existing warping methods for asymmetric-scale SR and homography transform. Furthermore, our algorithm well generalizes arbitrary coordinate transformations, such as homography transform with a large magnification factor and equirectangular projection (ERP) perspective transform, which are not provided in training.      
### 46.Toward Explainable and Fine-Grained 3D Grounding through Referring Textual Phrases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01821.pdf)
>  Recent progress on 3D scene understanding has explored visual grounding (3DVG) to localize a target object through a language description. However, existing methods only consider the dependency between the entire sentence and the target object, thus ignoring fine-grained relationships between contexts and non-target ones. In this paper, we extend 3DVG to a more reliable and explainable task, called 3D Phrase Aware Grounding (3DPAG). The 3DPAG task aims to localize the target object in the 3D scenes by explicitly identifying all phrase-related objects and then conducting reasoning according to contextual phrases. To tackle this problem, we label about 400K phrase-level annotations from 170K sentences in available 3DVG datasets, i.e., Nr3D, Sr3D and ScanRefer. By tapping on these developed datasets, we propose a novel framework, i.e., PhraseRefer, which conducts phrase-aware and object-level representation learning through phrase-object alignment optimization as well as phrase-specific pre-training. In our setting, we extend previous 3DVG methods to the phrase-aware scenario and provide metrics to measure the explainability of the 3DPAG task. Extensive results confirm that 3DPAG effectively boosts the 3DVG, and PhraseRefer achieves state-of-the-arts across three datasets, i.e., 63.0%, 54.4% and 55.5% overall accuracy on Sr3D, Nr3D and ScanRefer, respectively.      
### 47.Aesthetic Attribute Assessment of Images Numerically on Mixed Multi-attribute Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01806.pdf)
>  With the continuous development of social software and multimedia technology, images have become a kind of important carrier for spreading information and socializing. How to evaluate an image comprehensively has become the focus of recent researches. The traditional image aesthetic assessment methods often adopt single numerical overall assessment scores, which has certain subjectivity and can no longer meet the higher aesthetic requirements. In this paper, we construct an new image attribute dataset called aesthetic mixed dataset with attributes(AMD-A) and design external attribute features for fusion. Besides, we propose a efficient method for image aesthetic attribute assessment on mixed multi-attribute dataset and construct a multitasking network architecture by using the EfficientNet-B0 as the backbone network. Our model can achieve aesthetic classification, overall scoring and attribute scoring. In each sub-network, we improve the feature extraction through ECA channel attention module. As for the final overall scoring, we adopt the idea of the teacher-student network and use the classification sub-network to guide the aesthetic overall fine-grain regression. Experimental results, using the MindSpore, show that our proposed method can effectively improve the performance of the aesthetic overall and attribute assessment.      
### 48.ReMix: A General and Efficient Framework for Multiple Instance Learning based Whole Slide Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01805.pdf)
>  Whole slide image (WSI) classification often relies on deep weakly supervised multiple instance learning (MIL) methods to handle gigapixel resolution images and slide-level labels. Yet the decent performance of deep learning comes from harnessing massive datasets and diverse samples, urging the need for efficient training pipelines for scaling to large datasets and data augmentation techniques for diversifying samples. However, current MIL-based WSI classification pipelines are memory-expensive and computation-inefficient since they usually assemble tens of thousands of patches as bags for computation. On the other hand, despite their popularity in other tasks, data augmentations are unexplored for WSI MIL frameworks. To address them, we propose ReMix, a general and efficient framework for MIL based WSI classification. It comprises two steps: reduce and mix. First, it reduces the number of instances in WSI bags by substituting instances with instance prototypes, i.e., patch cluster centroids. Then, we propose a ``Mix-the-bag'' augmentation that contains four online, stochastic and flexible latent space augmentations. It brings diverse and reliable class-identity-preserving semantic changes in the latent space while enforcing semantic-perturbation invariance. We evaluate ReMix on two public datasets with two state-of-the-art MIL methods. In our experiments, consistent improvements in precision, accuracy, and recall have been achieved but with orders of magnitude reduced training time and memory consumption, demonstrating ReMix's effectiveness and efficiency. Code is available.      
### 49.GSMFlow: Generation Shifts Mitigating Flow for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01798.pdf)
>  Generalized Zero-Shot Learning (GZSL) aims to recognize images from both the seen and unseen classes by transferring semantic knowledge from seen to unseen classes. It is a promising solution to take the advantage of generative models to hallucinate realistic unseen samples based on the knowledge learned from the seen classes. However, due to the generation shifts, the synthesized samples by most existing methods may drift from the real distribution of the unseen data. To address this issue, we propose a novel flow-based generative framework that consists of multiple conditional affine coupling layers for learning unseen data generation. Specifically, we discover and address three potential problems that trigger the generation shifts, i.e., semantic inconsistency, variance collapse, and structure disorder. First, to enhance the reflection of the semantic information in the generated samples, we explicitly embed the semantic information into the transformation in each conditional affine coupling layer. Second, to recover the intrinsic variance of the real unseen features, we introduce a boundary sample mining strategy with entropy maximization to discover more difficult visual variants of semantic prototypes and hereby adjust the decision boundary of the classifiers. Third, a relative positioning strategy is proposed to revise the attribute embeddings, guiding them to fully preserve the inter-class geometric structure and further avoid structure disorder in the semantic space. Extensive experimental results on four GZSL benchmark datasets demonstrate that GSMFlow achieves the state-of-the-art performance on GZSL.      
### 50.Deep Parametric 3D Filters for Joint Video Denoising and Illumination Enhancement in Video Super Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01797.pdf)
>  Despite the quality improvement brought by the recent methods, video super-resolution (SR) is still very challenging, especially for videos that are low-light and noisy. The current best solution is to subsequently employ best models of video SR, denoising, and illumination enhancement, but doing so often lowers the image quality, due to the inconsistency between the models. This paper presents a new parametric representation called the Deep Parametric 3D Filters (DP3DF), which incorporates local spatiotemporal information to enable simultaneous denoising, illumination enhancement, and SR efficiently in a single encoder-and-decoder network. Also, a dynamic residual frame is jointly learned with the DP3DF via a shared backbone to further boost the SR quality. We performed extensive experiments, including a large-scale user study, to show our method's effectiveness. Our method consistently surpasses the best state-of-the-art methods on all the challenging real datasets with top PSNR and user ratings, yet having a very fast run time.      
### 51.Task-agnostic Defense against Adversarial Patch Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01795.pdf)
>  Adversarial patch attacks mislead neural networks by injecting adversarial pixels within a designated local region. Patch attacks can be highly effective in a variety of tasks and physically realizable via attachment (e.g. a sticker) to the real-world objects. Despite the diversity in attack patterns, adversarial patches tend to be highly textured and different in appearance from natural images. We exploit this property and present PatchZero, a task-agnostic defense against white-box adversarial patches. Specifically, our defense detects the adversarial pixels and "zeros out" the patch region by repainting with mean pixel values. We formulate the patch detection problem as a semantic segmentation task such that our model can generalize to patches of any size and shape. We further design a two-stage adversarial training scheme to defend against the stronger adaptive attacks. We thoroughly evaluate PatchZero on the image classification (ImageNet, RESISC45), object detection (PASCAL VOC), and video classification (UCF101) datasets. Our method achieves SOTA robust accuracy without any degradation in the benign performance.      
### 52.A deep cascade of ensemble of dual domain networks with gradient-based T1 assistance and perceptual refinement for fast MRI reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01791.pdf)
>  Deep learning networks have shown promising results in fast magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) reconstruction. In our work, we develop deep networks to further improve the quantitative and the perceptual quality of reconstruction. To begin with, we propose reconsynergynet (RSN), a network that combines the complementary benefits of independently operating on both the image and the Fourier domain. For a single-coil acquisition, we introduce deep cascade RSN (DC-RSN), a cascade of RSN blocks interleaved with data fidelity (DF) units. Secondly, we improve the structure recovery of DC-RSN for T2 weighted Imaging (T2WI) through assistance of T1 weighted imaging (T1WI), a sequence with short acquisition time. T1 assistance is provided to DC-RSN through a gradient of log feature (GOLF) fusion. Furthermore, we propose perceptual refinement network (PRN) to refine the reconstructions for better visual information fidelity (VIF), a metric highly correlated to radiologists opinion on the image quality. Lastly, for multi-coil acquisition, we propose variable splitting RSN (VS-RSN), a deep cascade of blocks, each block containing RSN, multi-coil DF unit, and a weighted average module. We extensively validate our models DC-RSN and VS-RSN for single-coil and multi-coil acquisitions and report the state-of-the-art performance. We obtain a SSIM of 0.768, 0.923, 0.878 for knee single-coil-4x, multi-coil-4x, and multi-coil-8x in fastMRI. We also conduct experiments to demonstrate the efficacy of GOLF based T1 assistance and PRN.      
### 53.Object-Level Targeted Selection via Deep Template Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01778.pdf)
>  Retrieving images with objects that are semantically similar to objects of interest (OOI) in a query image has many practical use cases. A few examples include fixing failures like false negatives/positives of a learned model or mitigating class imbalance in a dataset. The targeted selection task requires finding the relevant data from a large-scale pool of unlabeled data. Manual mining at this scale is infeasible. Further, the OOI are often small and occupy less than 1% of image area, are occluded, and co-exist with many semantically different objects in cluttered scenes. Existing semantic image retrieval methods often focus on mining for larger sized geographical landmarks, and/or require extra labeled data, such as images/image-pairs with similar objects, for mining images with generic objects. We propose a fast and robust template matching algorithm in the DNN feature space, that retrieves semantically similar images at the object-level from a large unlabeled pool of data. We project the region(s) around the OOI in the query image to the DNN feature space for use as the template. This enables our method to focus on the semantics of the OOI without requiring extra labeled data. In the context of autonomous driving, we evaluate our system for targeted selection by using failure cases of object detectors as OOI. We demonstrate its efficacy on a large unlabeled dataset with 2.2M images and show high recall in mining for images with small-sized OOI. We compare our method against a well-known semantic image retrieval method, which also does not require extra labeled data. Lastly, we show that our method is flexible and retrieves images with one or more semantically different co-occurring OOI seamlessly.      
### 54.SESS: Saliency Enhancing with Scaling and Sliding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01769.pdf)
>  High-quality saliency maps are essential in several machine learning application areas including explainable AI and weakly supervised object detection and segmentation. Many techniques have been developed to generate better saliency using neural networks. However, they are often limited to specific saliency visualisation methods or saliency issues. We propose a novel saliency enhancing approach called SESS (Saliency Enhancing with Scaling and Sliding). It is a method and model agnostic extension to existing saliency map generation methods. With SESS, existing saliency approaches become robust to scale variance, multiple occurrences of target objects, presence of distractors and generate less noisy and more discriminative saliency maps. SESS improves saliency by fusing saliency maps extracted from multiple patches at different scales from different areas, and combines these individual maps using a novel fusion scheme that incorporates channel-wise weights and spatial weighted average. To improve efficiency, we introduce a pre-filtering step that can exclude uninformative saliency maps to improve efficiency while still enhancing overall results. We evaluate SESS on object recognition and detection benchmarks where it achieves significant improvement. The code is released publicly to enable researchers to verify performance and further development. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/neouyghur/SESS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 55.Rank-Based Filter Pruning for Real-Time UAV Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01768.pdf)
>  Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) tracking has wide potential applications in such as agriculture, navigation, and public security. However, the limitations of computing resources, battery capacity, and maximum load of UAV hinder the deployment of deep learning-based tracking algorithms on UAV. Consequently, discriminative correlation filters (DCF) trackers stand out in the UAV tracking community because of their high efficiency. However, their precision is usually much lower than trackers based on deep learning. Model compression is a promising way to narrow the gap (i.e., effciency, precision) between DCF- and deep learning- based trackers, which has not caught much attention in UAV tracking. In this paper, we propose the P-SiamFC++ tracker, which is the first to use rank-based filter pruning to compress the SiamFC++ model, achieving a remarkable balance between efficiency and precision. Our method is general and may encourage further studies on UAV tracking with model compression. Extensive experiments on four UAV benchmarks, including UAV123@10fps, DTB70, UAVDT and Vistrone2018, show that P-SiamFC++ tracker significantly outperforms state-of-the-art UAV tracking methods.      
### 56.GP22: A Car Styling Dataset for Automotive Designers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01760.pdf)
>  An automated design data archiving could reduce the time wasted by designers from working creatively and effectively. Though many datasets on classifying, detecting, and instance segmenting on car exterior exist, these large datasets are not relevant for design practices as the primary purpose lies in autonomous driving or vehicle verification. Therefore, we release GP22, composed of car styling features defined by automotive designers. The dataset contains 1480 car side profile images from 37 brands and ten car segments. It also contains annotations of design features that follow the taxonomy of the car exterior design features defined in the eye of the automotive designer. We trained the baseline model using YOLO v5 as the design feature detection model with the dataset. The presented model resulted in an mAP score of 0.995 and a recall of 0.984. Furthermore, exploration of the model performance on sketches and rendering images of the car side profile implies the scalability of the dataset for design purposes.      
### 57.Universal Domain Adaptive Object Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01756.pdf)
>  Universal domain adaptive object detection (UniDAOD)is more challenging than domain adaptive object detection (DAOD) since the label space of the source domain may not be the same as that of the target and the scale of objects in the universal scenarios can vary dramatically (i.e, category shift and scale shift). To this end, we propose US-DAF, namely Universal Scale-Aware Domain Adaptive Faster RCNN with Multi-Label Learning, to reduce the negative transfer effect during training while maximizing transferability as well as discriminability in both domains under a variety of scales. Specifically, our method is implemented by two modules: 1) We facilitate the feature alignment of common classes and suppress the interference of private classes by designing a Filter Mechanism module to overcome the negative transfer caused by category shift. 2) We fill the blank of scale-aware adaptation in object detection by introducing a new Multi-Label Scale-Aware Adapter to perform individual alignment between the corresponding scale for two domains. Experiments show that US-DAF achieves state-of-the-art results on three scenarios (i.e, Open-Set, Partial-Set, and Closed-Set) and yields 7.1% and 5.9% relative improvement on benchmark datasets Clipart1k and Watercolor in particular.      
### 58.Attention Guided Network for Salient Object Detection in Optical Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01755.pdf)
>  Due to the extreme complexity of scale and shape as well as the uncertainty of the predicted location, salient object detection in optical remote sensing images (RSI-SOD) is a very difficult task. The existing SOD methods can satisfy the detection performance for natural scene images, but they are not well adapted to RSI-SOD due to the above-mentioned image characteristics in remote sensing images. In this paper, we propose a novel Attention Guided Network (AGNet) for SOD in optical RSIs, including position enhancement stage and detail refinement stage. Specifically, the position enhancement stage consists of a semantic attention module and a contextual attention module to accurately describe the approximate location of salient objects. The detail refinement stage uses the proposed self-refinement module to progressively refine the predicted results under the guidance of attention and reverse attention. In addition, the hybrid loss is applied to supervise the training of the network, which can improve the performance of the model from three perspectives of pixel, region and statistics. Extensive experiments on two popular benchmarks demonstrate that AGNet achieves competitive performance compared to other state-of-the-art methods. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NuaaYH/AGNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 59.Are metrics measuring what they should? An evaluation of image captioning task metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01733.pdf)
>  Image Captioning is a current research task to describe the image content using the objects and their relationships in the scene. To tackle this task, two important research areas are used, artificial vision, and natural language processing. In Image Captioning, as in any computational intelligence task, the performance metrics are crucial for knowing how well (or bad) a method performs. In recent years, it has been observed that classical metrics based on n-grams are insufficient to capture the semantics and the critical meaning to describe the content in an image. Looking to measure how well or not the set of current and more recent metrics are doing, in this manuscript, we present an evaluation of several kinds of Image Captioning metrics and a comparison between them using the well-known MS COCO dataset. For this, we designed two scenarios; 1) a set of artificially build captions with several quality, and 2) a comparison of some state-of-the-art Image Captioning methods. We tried to answer the questions: Are the current metrics helping to produce high quality captions? How do actual metrics compare to each other? What are the metrics really measuring?      
### 60.How Much More Data Do I Need? Estimating Requirements for Downstream Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01725.pdf)
>  Given a small training data set and a learning algorithm, how much more data is necessary to reach a target validation or test performance? This question is of critical importance in applications such as autonomous driving or medical imaging where collecting data is expensive and time-consuming. Overestimating or underestimating data requirements incurs substantial costs that could be avoided with an adequate budget. Prior work on neural scaling laws suggest that the power-law function can fit the validation performance curve and extrapolate it to larger data set sizes. We find that this does not immediately translate to the more difficult downstream task of estimating the required data set size to meet a target performance. In this work, we consider a broad class of computer vision tasks and systematically investigate a family of functions that generalize the power-law function to allow for better estimation of data requirements. Finally, we show that incorporating a tuned correction factor and collecting over multiple rounds significantly improves the performance of the data estimators. Using our guidelines, practitioners can accurately estimate data requirements of machine learning systems to gain savings in both development time and data acquisition costs.      
### 61.Adaptive Fine-Grained Sketch-Based Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01723.pdf)
>  The recent focus on Fine-Grained Sketch-Based Image Retrieval (FG-SBIR) has shifted towards generalising a model to new categories without any training data from them. In real-world applications, however, a trained FG-SBIR model is often applied to both new categories and different human sketchers, i.e., different drawing styles. Although this complicates the generalisation problem, fortunately, a handful of examples are typically available, enabling the model to adapt to the new category/style. In this paper, we offer a novel perspective -- instead of asking for a model that generalises, we advocate for one that quickly adapts, with just very few samples during testing (in a few-shot manner). To solve this new problem, we introduce a novel model-agnostic meta-learning (MAML) based framework with several key modifications: (1) As a retrieval task with a margin-based contrastive loss, we simplify the MAML training in the inner loop to make it more stable and tractable. (2) The margin in our contrastive loss is also meta-learned with the rest of the model. (3) Three additional regularisation losses are introduced in the outer loop, to make the meta-learned FG-SBIR model more effective for category/style adaptation. Extensive experiments on public datasets suggest a large gain over generalisation and zero-shot based approaches, and a few strong few-shot baselines.      
### 62.Disentangled Action Recognition with Knowledge Bases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01708.pdf)
>  Action in video usually involves the interaction of human with objects. Action labels are typically composed of various combinations of verbs and nouns, but we may not have training data for all possible combinations. In this paper, we aim to improve the generalization ability of the compositional action recognition model to novel verbs or novel nouns that are unseen during training time, by leveraging the power of knowledge graphs. Previous work utilizes verb-noun compositional action nodes in the knowledge graph, making it inefficient to scale since the number of compositional action nodes grows quadratically with respect to the number of verbs and nouns. To address this issue, we propose our approach: Disentangled Action Recognition with Knowledge-bases (DARK), which leverages the inherent compositionality of actions. DARK trains a factorized model by first extracting disentangled feature representations for verbs and nouns, and then predicting classification weights using relations in external knowledge graphs. The type constraint between verb and noun is extracted from external knowledge bases and finally applied when composing actions. DARK has better scalability in the number of objects and verbs, and achieves state-of-the-art performance on the Charades dataset. We further propose a new benchmark split based on the Epic-kitchen dataset which is an order of magnitude bigger in the numbers of classes and samples, and benchmark various models on this benchmark.      
### 63.WPPG Net: A Non-contact Video Based Heart Rate Extraction Network Framework with Compatible Training Capability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01697.pdf)
>  Our facial skin presents subtle color change known as remote Photoplethysmography (rPPG) signal, from which we could extract the heart rate of the subject. Recently many deep learning methods and related datasets on rPPG signal extraction are proposed. However, because of the time consumption blood flowing through our body and other factors, label waves such as BVP signals have uncertain delays with real rPPG signals in some datasets, which results in the difficulty on training of networks which output predicted rPPG waves directly. In this paper, by analyzing the common characteristics on rhythm and periodicity of rPPG signals and label waves, we propose a whole set of training methodology which wraps these networks so that they could remain efficient when be trained at the presence of frequent uncertain delay in datasets and gain more precise and robust heart rate prediction results than other delay-free rPPG extraction methods.      
### 64.TM2T: Stochastic and Tokenized Modeling for the Reciprocal Generation of 3D Human Motions and Texts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01696.pdf)
>  Inspired by the strong ties between vision and language, the two intimate human sensing and communication modalities, our paper aims to explore the generation of 3D human full-body motions from texts, as well as its reciprocal task, shorthanded for text2motion and motion2text, respectively. To tackle the existing challenges, especially to enable the generation of multiple distinct motions from the same text, and to avoid the undesirable production of trivial motionless pose sequences, we propose the use of motion token, a discrete and compact motion representation. This provides one level playing ground when considering both motions and text signals, as the motion and text tokens, respectively. Moreover, our motion2text module is integrated into the inverse alignment process of our text2motion training pipeline, where a significant deviation of synthesized text from the input text would be penalized by a large training loss; empirically this is shown to effectively improve performance. Finally, the mappings in-between the two modalities of motions and texts are facilitated by adapting the neural model for machine translation (NMT) to our context. This autoregressive modeling of the distribution over discrete motion tokens further enables non-deterministic production of pose sequences, of variable lengths, from an input text. Our approach is flexible, could be used for both text2motion and motion2text tasks. Empirical evaluations on two benchmark datasets demonstrate the superior performance of our approach on both tasks over a variety of state-of-the-art methods. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ericguo5513.github.io/TM2T/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 65.Crime scene classification from skeletal trajectory analysis in surveillance settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01687.pdf)
>  Video anomaly analysis is a core task actively pursued in the field of computer vision, with applications extending to real-world crime detection in surveillance footage. In this work, we address the task of human-related crime classification. In our proposed approach, the human body in video frames, represented as skeletal joints trajectories, is used as the main source of exploration. First, we introduce the significance of extending the ground truth labels for HR-Crime dataset and hence, propose a supervised and unsupervised methodology to generate trajectory-level ground truth labels. Next, given the availability of the trajectory-level ground truth, we introduce a trajectory-based crime classification framework. Ablation studies are conducted with various architectures and feature fusion strategies for the representation of the human trajectories. The conducted experiments demonstrate the feasibility of the task and pave the path for further research in the field.      
### 66.Interaction Transformer for Human Reaction Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01685.pdf)
>  We address the challenging task of human reaction generation which aims to generate a corresponding reaction based on an input action. Most of the existing works do not focus on generating and predicting the reaction and cannot generate the motion when only the action is given as input. To address this limitation, we propose a novel interaction Transformer (InterFormer) consisting of a Transformer network with both temporal and spatial attentions. Specifically, the temporal attention captures the temporal dependencies of the motion of both characters and of their interaction, while the spatial attention learns the dependencies between the different body parts of each character and those which are part of the interaction. Moreover, we propose using graphs to increase the performance of the spatial attention via an interaction distance module that helps focus on nearby joints from both characters. Extensive experiments on the SBU interaction, K3HI, and DuetDance datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of InterFormer. Our method is general and can be used to generate more complex and long-term interactions.      
### 67.Egocentric Video-Language Pretraining @ Ego4D Challenge 2022  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01622.pdf)
>  In this report, we propose a video-language pretraining (VLP) based solution \cite{kevin2022egovlp} for four Ego4D challenge tasks, including Natural Language Query (NLQ), Moment Query (MQ), Object State Change Classification (OSCC), and PNR Localization (PNR). Especially, we exploit the recently released Ego4D dataset \cite{grauman2021ego4d} to pioneer Egocentric VLP from pretraining dataset, pretraining objective, and development set. Based on the above three designs, we develop a pretrained video-language model that is able to transfer its egocentric video-text representation or video-only representation to several video downstream tasks. Our Egocentric VLP achieves 10.46R@1&amp;IoU @0.3 on NLQ, 10.33 mAP on MQ, 74% Acc on OSCC, 0.67 sec error on PNR. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/showlab/EgoVLP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 68.Is a PET all you need? A multi-modal study for Alzheimer's disease using 3D CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02094.pdf)
>  Alzheimer's Disease (AD) is the most common form of dementia and often difficult to diagnose due to the multifactorial etiology of dementia. Recent works on neuroimaging-based computer-aided diagnosis with deep neural networks (DNNs) showed that fusing structural magnetic resonance images (sMRI) and fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography (FDG-PET) leads to improved accuracy in a study population of healthy controls and subjects with AD. However, this result conflicts with the established clinical knowledge that FDG-PET better captures AD-specific pathologies than sMRI. Therefore, we propose a framework for the systematic evaluation of multi-modal DNNs and critically re-evaluate single- and multi-modal DNNs based on FDG-PET and sMRI for binary healthy vs. AD, and three-way healthy/mild cognitive impairment/AD classification. Our experiments demonstrate that a single-modality network using FDG-PET performs better than MRI (accuracy 0.91 vs 0.87) and does not show improvement when combined. This conforms with the established clinical knowledge on AD biomarkers, but raises questions about the true benefit of multi-modal DNNs. We argue that future work on multi-modal fusion should systematically assess the contribution of individual modalities following our proposed evaluation framework. Finally, we encourage the community to go beyond healthy vs. AD classification and focus on differential diagnosis of dementia, where fusing multi-modal image information conforms with a clinical need.      
### 69.A Densely Interconnected Network for Deep Learning Accelerated MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02073.pdf)
>  Objective: To improve accelerated MRI reconstruction through a densely connected cascading deep learning reconstruction framework. <br>Materials and Methods: A cascading deep learning reconstruction framework (baseline model) was modified by applying three architectural modifications: Input-level dense connections between cascade inputs and outputs, an improved deep learning sub-network, and long-range skip-connections between subsequent deep learning networks. An ablation study was performed, where five model configurations were trained on the NYU fastMRI neuro dataset with an end-to-end scheme conjunct on four- and eight-fold acceleration. The trained models were evaluated by comparing their respective structural similarity index measure (SSIM), normalized mean square error (NMSE) and peak signal to noise ratio (PSNR). <br>Results: The proposed densely interconnected residual cascading network (DIRCN), utilizing all three suggested modifications, achieved a SSIM improvement of 8% and 11% for four- and eight-fold acceleration, respectively. For eight-fold acceleration, the model achieved a 23% decrease in the NMSE when compared to the baseline model. In an ablation study, the individual architectural modifications all contributed to this improvement, by reducing the SSIM and NMSE with approximately 3% and 5% for four-fold acceleration, respectively. <br>Conclusion: The proposed architectural modifications allow for simple adjustments on an already existing cascading framework to further improve the resulting reconstructions.      
### 70.Transformer based Models for Unsupervised Anomaly Segmentation in Brain MR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02059.pdf)
>  The quality of patient care associated with diagnostic radiology is proportionate to a physician workload. Segmentation is a fundamental limiting precursor to diagnostic and therapeutic procedures. Advances in Machine Learning (ML) aim to increase diagnostic efficiency to replace single application with generalized algorithms. In Unsupervised Anomaly Detection (UAD), Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based Autoencoders (AEs) and Variational Autoencoders (VAEs) are considered as a de facto approach for reconstruction based anomaly segmentation. Looking for anomalous regions in medical images is one of the main applications that use anomaly segmentation. The restricted receptive field in CNNs limit the CNN to model the global context and hence if the anomalous regions cover parts of the image, the CNN-based AEs are not capable to bring semantic understanding of the image. On the other hand, Vision Transformers (ViTs) have emerged as a competitive alternative to CNNs. It relies on the self-attention mechanism that is capable to relate image patches to each other. To reconstruct a coherent and more realistic image, in this work, we investigate Transformer capabilities in building AEs for reconstruction based UAD task. We focus on anomaly segmentation for Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and present five Transformer-based models while enabling segmentation performance comparable or superior to State-of-The-Art (SOTA) models. The source code is available on Github <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ahmedgh970/Transformers_Unsupervised_Anomaly_Segmentation.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 71.PRoA: A Probabilistic Robustness Assessment against Functional Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02036.pdf)
>  In safety-critical deep learning applications robustness measurement is a vital pre-deployment phase. However, existing robustness verification methods are not sufficiently practical for deploying machine learning systems in the real world. On the one hand, these methods attempt to claim that no perturbations can ``fool'' deep neural networks (DNNs), which may be too stringent in practice. On the other hand, existing works rigorously consider $L_p$ bounded additive perturbations on the pixel space, although perturbations, such as colour shifting and geometric transformations, are more practically and frequently occurring in the real world. Thus, from the practical standpoint, we present a novel and general {\it probabilistic robustness assessment method} (PRoA) based on the adaptive concentration, and it can measure the robustness of deep learning models against functional perturbations. PRoA can provide statistical guarantees on the probabilistic robustness of a model, \textit{i.e.}, the probability of failure encountered by the trained model after deployment. Our experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and flexibility of PRoA in terms of evaluating the probabilistic robustness against a broad range of functional perturbations, and PRoA can scale well to various large-scale deep neural networks compared to existing state-of-the-art baselines. For the purpose of reproducibility, we release our tool on GitHub: \url{ <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TrustAI/PRoA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 72.CNN-based Local Vision Transformer for COVID-19 Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02027.pdf)
>  Deep learning technology can be used as an assistive technology to help doctors quickly and accurately identify COVID-19 infections. Recently, Vision Transformer (ViT) has shown great potential towards image classification due to its global receptive field. However, due to the lack of inductive biases inherent to CNNs, the ViT-based structure leads to limited feature richness and difficulty in model training. In this paper, we propose a new structure called Transformer for COVID-19 (COVT) to improve the performance of ViT-based architectures on small COVID-19 datasets. It uses CNN as a feature extractor to effectively extract local structural information, and introduces average pooling to ViT's Multilayer Perception(MLP) module for global information. Experiments show the effectiveness of our method on the two COVID-19 datasets and the ImageNet dataset.      
### 73.A Safe Semi-supervised Graph Convolution Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01960.pdf)
>  In the semi-supervised learning field, Graph Convolution Network (GCN), as a variant model of GNN, has achieved promising results for non-Euclidean data by introducing convolution into GNN. However, GCN and its variant models fail to safely use the information of risk unlabeled data, which will degrade the performance of semi-supervised learning. Therefore, we propose a Safe GCN framework (Safe-GCN) to improve the learning performance. In the Safe-GCN, we design an iterative process to label the unlabeled data. In each iteration, a GCN and its supervised version(S-GCN) are learned to find the unlabeled data with high confidence. The high-confidence unlabeled data and their pseudo labels are then added to the label set. Finally, both added unlabeled data and labeled ones are used to train a S-GCN which can achieve the safe exploration of the risk unlabeled data and enable safe use of large numbers of unlabeled data. The performance of Safe-GCN is evaluated on three well-known citation network datasets and the obtained results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework over several graph-based semi-supervised learning methods.      
### 74.Vector Quantisation for Robust Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01919.pdf)
>  The reliability of segmentation models in the medical domain depends on the model's robustness to perturbations in the input space. Robustness is a particular challenge in medical imaging exhibiting various sources of image noise, corruptions, and domain shifts. Obtaining robustness is often attempted via simulating heterogeneous environments, either heuristically in the form of data augmentation or by learning to generate specific perturbations in an adversarial manner. We propose and justify that learning a discrete representation in a low dimensional embedding space improves robustness of a segmentation model. This is achieved with a dictionary learning method called vector quantisation. We use a set of experiments designed to analyse robustness in both the latent and output space under domain shift and noise perturbations in the input space. We adapt the popular UNet architecture, inserting a quantisation block in the bottleneck. We demonstrate improved segmentation accuracy and better robustness on three segmentation tasks. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AinkaranSanthi/Vector-Quantisation-for-Robust-Segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 75.ACT-Net: Asymmetric Co-Teacher Network for Semi-supervised Memory-efficient Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01900.pdf)
>  While deep models have shown promising performance in medical image segmentation, they heavily rely on a large amount of well-annotated data, which is difficult to access, especially in clinical practice. On the other hand, high-accuracy deep models usually come in large model sizes, limiting their employment in real scenarios. In this work, we propose a novel asymmetric co-teacher framework, ACT-Net, to alleviate the burden on both expensive annotations and computational costs for semi-supervised knowledge distillation. We advance teacher-student learning with a co-teacher network to facilitate asymmetric knowledge distillation from large models to small ones by alternating student and teacher roles, obtaining tiny but accurate models for clinical employment. To verify the effectiveness of our ACT-Net, we employ the ACDC dataset for cardiac substructure segmentation in our experiments. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that ACT-Net outperforms other knowledge distillation methods and achieves lossless segmentation performance with 250x fewer parameters.      
### 76.MMGL: Multi-Scale Multi-View Global-Local Contrastive learning for Semi-supervised Cardiac Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01883.pdf)
>  With large-scale well-labeled datasets, deep learning has shown significant success in medical image segmentation. However, it is challenging to acquire abundant annotations in clinical practice due to extensive expertise requirements and costly labeling efforts. Recently, contrastive learning has shown a strong capacity for visual representation learning on unlabeled data, achieving impressive performance rivaling supervised learning in many domains. In this work, we propose a novel multi-scale multi-view global-local contrastive learning (MMGL) framework to thoroughly explore global and local features from different scales and views for robust contrastive learning performance, thereby improving segmentation performance with limited annotations. Extensive experiments on the MM-WHS dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of MMGL framework on semi-supervised cardiac image segmentation, outperforming the state-of-the-art contrastive learning methods by a large margin.      
### 77.Efficient Representation Learning via Adaptive Context Pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01844.pdf)
>  Self-attention mechanisms model long-range context by using pairwise attention between all input tokens. In doing so, they assume a fixed attention granularity defined by the individual tokens (e.g., text characters or image pixels), which may not be optimal for modeling complex dependencies at higher levels. In this paper, we propose ContextPool to address this problem by adapting the attention granularity for each token. Inspired by the success of ConvNets that are combined with pooling to capture long-range dependencies, we learn to pool neighboring features for each token before computing attention in a given attention layer. The pooling weights and support size are adaptively determined, allowing the pooled features to encode meaningful context with varying scale. We show that ContextPool makes attention models more expressive, achieving strong performance often with fewer layers and thus significantly reduced cost. Experiments validate that our ContextPool module, when plugged into transformer models, matches or surpasses state-of-the-art performance using less compute on several language and image benchmarks, outperforms recent works with learned context sizes or sparse attention patterns, and is also applicable to ConvNets for efficient feature learning.      
### 78.Scene-Aware Prompt for Multi-modal Dialogue Understanding and Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01823.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the schemes of Team LingJing's experiments in NLPCC-2022-Shared-Task-4 Multi-modal Dialogue Understanding and Generation (MDUG). The MDUG task can be divided into two phases: multi-modal context understanding and response generation. To fully leverage the visual information for both scene understanding and dialogue generation, we propose the scene-aware prompt for the MDUG task. Specifically, we utilize the multi-tasking strategy for jointly modelling the scene- and session- multi-modal understanding. The visual captions are adopted to aware the scene information, while the fixed-type templated prompt based on the scene- and session-aware labels are used to further improve the dialogue generation performance. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed method has achieved state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance compared with other competitive methods, where we rank the 1-st in all three subtasks in this MDUG competition.      
### 79.Deriving Surface Resistivity from Polarimetric SAR Data Using Dual-Input UNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01811.pdf)
>  Traditional survey methods for finding surface resistivity are time-consuming and labor intensive. Very few studies have focused on finding the resistivity/conductivity using remote sensing data and deep learning techniques. In this line of work, we assessed the correlation between surface resistivity and Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) by applying various deep learning methods and tested our hypothesis in the Coso Geothermal Area, USA. For detecting the resistivity, L-band full polarimetric SAR data acquired by UAVSAR were used, and MT (Magnetotellurics) inverted resistivity data of the area were used as the ground truth. We conducted experiments to compare various deep learning architectures and suggest the use of Dual Input UNet (DI-UNet) architecture. DI-UNet uses a deep learning architecture to predict the resistivity using full polarimetric SAR data by promising a quick survey addition to the traditional method. Our proposed approach accomplished improved outcomes for the mapping of MT resistivity from SAR data.      
### 80.3D Part Assembly Generation with Instance Encoded Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01779.pdf)
>  It is desirable to enable robots capable of automatic assembly. Structural understanding of object parts plays a crucial role in this task yet remains relatively unexplored. In this paper, we focus on the setting of furniture assembly from a complete set of part geometries, which is essentially a 6-DoF part pose estimation problem. We propose a multi-layer transformer-based framework that involves geometric and relational reasoning between parts to update the part poses iteratively. We carefully design a unique instance encoding to solve the ambiguity between geometrically-similar parts so that all parts can be distinguished. In addition to assembling from scratch, we extend our framework to a new task called in-process part assembly. Analogous to furniture maintenance, it requires robots to continue with unfinished products and assemble the remaining parts into appropriate positions. Our method achieves far more than 10% improvements over the current state-of-the-art in multiple metrics on the public PartNet dataset. Extensive experiments and quantitative comparisons demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework.      
### 81.FDVTS's Solution for 2nd COV19D Competition on COVID-19 Detection and Severity Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01758.pdf)
>  This paper presents our solution for the 2nd COVID-19 Competition, occurring in the framework of the AIMIA Workshop in the European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV 2022). In our approach, we employ an effective 3D Contrastive Mixup Classification network for COVID-19 diagnosis on chest CT images, which is composed of contrastive representation learning and mixup classification. For the COVID-19 detection challenge, our approach reaches 0.9245 macro F1 score on 484 validation CT scans, which significantly outperforms the baseline method by 16.5%. In the COVID-19 severity detection challenge, our approach achieves 0.7186 macro F1 score on 61 validation samples, which also surpasses the baseline by 8.86%.      
### 82.Anomaly-aware multiple instance learning for rare anemia disorder classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01742.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based classification of rare anemia disorders is challenged by the lack of training data and instance-level annotations. Multiple Instance Learning (MIL) has shown to be an effective solution, yet it suffers from low accuracy and limited explainability. Although the inclusion of attention mechanisms has addressed these issues, their effectiveness highly depends on the amount and diversity of cells in the training samples. Consequently, the poor machine learning performance on rare anemia disorder classification from blood samples remains unresolved. In this paper, we propose an interpretable pooling method for MIL to address these limitations. By benefiting from instance-level information of negative bags (i.e., homogeneous benign cells from healthy individuals), our approach increases the contribution of anomalous instances. We show that our strategy outperforms standard MIL classification algorithms and provides a meaningful explanation behind its decisions. Moreover, it can denote anomalous instances of rare blood diseases that are not seen during the training phase.      
### 83.Slice-by-slice deep learning aided oropharyngeal cancer segmentation with adaptive thresholding for spatial uncertainty on FDG PET and CT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01623.pdf)
>  Tumor segmentation is a fundamental step for radiotherapy treatment planning. To define an accurate segmentation of the primary tumor (GTVp) of oropharyngeal cancer patients (OPC), simultaneous assessment of different image modalities is needed, and each image volume is explored slice-by-slice from different orientations. Moreover, the manual fixed boundary of segmentation neglects the spatial uncertainty known to occur in tumor delineation. This study proposes a novel automatic deep learning (DL) model to assist radiation oncologists in a slice-by-slice adaptive GTVp segmentation on registered FDG PET/CT images. We included 138 OPC patients treated with (chemo)radiation in our institute. Our DL framework exploits both inter and intra-slice context. Sequences of 3 consecutive 2D slices of concatenated FDG PET/CT images and GTVp contours were used as input. A 3-fold cross validation was performed three times, training on sequences extracted from the Axial (A), Sagittal (S), and Coronal (C) plane of 113 patients. Since consecutive sequences in a volume contain overlapping slices, each slice resulted in three outcome predictions that were averaged. In the A, S, and C planes, the output shows areas with different probabilities of predicting the tumor. The performance of the models was assessed on 25 patients at different probability thresholds using the mean Dice Score Coefficient (DSC). Predictions were the closest to the ground truth at a probability threshold of 0.9 (DSC of 0.70 in the A, 0.77 in the S, and 0.80 in the C plane). The promising results of the proposed DL model show that the probability maps on registered FDG PET/CT images could guide radiation oncologists in a slice-by-slice adaptive GTVp segmentation.      
