# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 23 Aug 2021
### 1.Discriminative Region-based Multi-Label Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09301.pdf)
>  Multi-label zero-shot learning (ZSL) is a more realistic counter-part of standard single-label ZSL since several objects can co-exist in a natural image. However, the occurrence of multiple objects complicates the reasoning and requires region-specific processing of visual features to preserve their contextual cues. We note that the best existing multi-label ZSL method takes a shared approach towards attending to region features with a common set of attention maps for all the classes. Such shared maps lead to diffused attention, which does not discriminatively focus on relevant locations when the number of classes are large. Moreover, mapping spatially-pooled visual features to the class semantics leads to inter-class feature entanglement, thus hampering the classification. Here, we propose an alternate approach towards region-based discriminability-preserving multi-label zero-shot classification. Our approach maintains the spatial resolution to preserve region-level characteristics and utilizes a bi-level attention module (BiAM) to enrich the features by incorporating both region and scene context information. The enriched region-level features are then mapped to the class semantics and only their class predictions are spatially pooled to obtain image-level predictions, thereby keeping the multi-class features disentangled. Our approach sets a new state of the art on two large-scale multi-label zero-shot benchmarks: NUS-WIDE and Open Images. On NUS-WIDE, our approach achieves an absolute gain of 6.9% mAP for ZSL, compared to the best published results.      
### 2.Zoom, Enhance! Measuring Surveillance GAN Up-sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09285.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks have been very successfully used for many computer vision and pattern recognition applications. While Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs) have shown the path to state of art image classifications, Generative Adversarial Networks or GANs have provided state of art capabilities in image generation. In this paper we extend the applications of CNNs and GANs to experiment with up-sampling techniques in the domains of security and surveillance. Through this work we evaluate, compare and contrast the state of art techniques in both CNN and GAN based image and video up-sampling in the surveillance domain. As a result of this study we also provide experimental evidence to establish DISTS as a stronger Image Quality Assessment(IQA) metric for comparing GAN Based Image Up-sampling in the surveillance domain.      
### 3.MG-GAN: A Multi-Generator Model Preventing Out-of-Distribution Samples in Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09274.pdf)
>  Pedestrian trajectory prediction is challenging due to its uncertain and multimodal nature. While generative adversarial networks can learn a distribution over future trajectories, they tend to predict out-of-distribution samples when the distribution of future trajectories is a mixture of multiple, possibly disconnected modes. To address this issue, we propose a multi-generator model for pedestrian trajectory prediction. Each generator specializes in learning a distribution over trajectories routing towards one of the primary modes in the scene, while a second network learns a categorical distribution over these generators, conditioned on the dynamics and scene input. This architecture allows us to effectively sample from specialized generators and to significantly reduce the out-of-distribution samples compared to single generator methods.      
### 4.PowerLinear Activation Functions with application to the first layer of CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09256.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have become the state-of-the-art tool for dealing with unsolved problems in computer vision and image processing. Since the convolution operator is a linear operator, several generalizations have been proposed to improve the performance of CNNs. One way to increase the capability of the convolution operator is by applying activation functions on the inner product operator. In this paper, we will introduce PowerLinear activation functions, which are based on the polynomial kernel generalization of the convolution operator. EvenPowLin functions are the main branch of the PowerLinear activation functions. This class of activation functions is saturated neither in the positive input region nor in the negative one. Also, the negative inputs are activated with the same magnitude as the positive inputs. These features made the EvenPowLin activation functions able to be utilized in the first layer of CNN architectures and learn complex features of input images. Additionally, EvenPowLin activation functions are used in CNN models to classify the inversion of grayscale images as accurately as the original grayscale images, which is significantly better than commonly used activation functions.      
### 5.Dual-Neighborhood Deep Fusion Network for Point Cloud Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09228.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network has made remarkable achievements in classification of idealized point cloud, however, non-idealized point cloud classification is still a challenging task. In this paper, DNDFN, namely, Dual-Neighborhood Deep Fusion Network, is proposed to deal with this problem. DNDFN has two key points. One is combination of local neighborhood and global neigh-borhood. nearest neighbor (kNN) or ball query can capture the local neighborhood but ignores long-distance dependencies. A trainable neighborhood learning meth-od called TN-Learning is proposed, which can capture the global neighborhood. TN-Learning is combined with them to obtain richer neighborhood information. The other is information transfer convolution (IT-Conv) which can learn the structural information between two points and transfer features through it. Extensive exper-iments on idealized and non-idealized benchmarks across four tasks verify DNDFN achieves the state of the arts.      
### 6.Video Ads Content Structuring by Combining Scene Confidence Prediction and Tagging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09215.pdf)
>  Video ads segmentation and tagging is a challenging task due to two main reasons: (1) the video scene structure is complex and (2) it includes multiple modalities (e.g., visual, audio, text.). While previous work focuses mostly on activity videos (e.g. "cooking", "sports"), it is not clear how they can be leveraged to tackle the task of video ads content structuring. In this paper, we propose a two-stage method that first provides the boundaries of the scenes, and then combines a confidence score for each segmented scene and the tag classes predicted for that scene. We provide extensive experimental results on the network architectures and modalities used for the proposed method. Our combined method improves the previous baselines on the challenging "Tencent Advertisement Video" dataset.      
### 7.Exploring Data Aggregation and Transformations to Generalize across Visual Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09208.pdf)
>  Computer vision has flourished in recent years thanks to Deep Learning advancements, fast and scalable hardware solutions and large availability of structured image data. Convolutional Neural Networks trained on supervised tasks with backpropagation learn to extract meaningful representations from raw pixels automatically, and surpass shallow methods in image understanding. Though convenient, data-driven feature learning is prone to dataset bias: a network learns its parameters from training signals alone, and will usually perform poorly if train and test distribution differ. To alleviate this problem, research on Domain Generalization (DG), Domain Adaptation (DA) and their variations is increasing. This thesis contributes to these research topics by presenting novel and effective ways to solve the dataset bias problem in its various settings. We propose new frameworks for Domain Generalization and Domain Adaptation which make use of feature aggregation strategies and visual transformations via data-augmentation and multi-task integration of self-supervision. We also design an algorithm that adapts an object detection model to any out of distribution sample at test time. With through experimentation, we show how our proposed solutions outperform competitive state-of-the-art approaches in established DG and DA benchmarks.      
### 8.Towards Photorealistic Colorization by Imagination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09195.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach to automatic image colorization by imitating the imagination process of human experts. Our imagination module is designed to generate color images that are context-correlated with black-and-white photos. Given a black-and-white image, our imagination module firstly extracts the context information, which is then used to synthesize colorful and diverse images using a conditional image synthesis network (e.g., semantic image synthesis model). We then design a colorization module to colorize the black-and-white images with the guidance of imagination for photorealistic colorization. Experimental results show that our work produces more colorful and diverse results than state-of-the-art image colorization methods. Our source codes will be publicly available.      
### 9.Region-level Active Learning for Cluttered Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09186.pdf)
>  Active learning for object detection is conventionally achieved by applying techniques developed for classification in a way that aggregates individual detections into image-level selection criteria. This is typically coupled with the costly assumption that every image selected for labelling must be exhaustively annotated. This yields incremental improvements on well-curated vision datasets and struggles in the presence of data imbalance and visual clutter that occurs in real-world imagery. Alternatives to the image-level approach are surprisingly under-explored in the literature. In this work, we introduce a new strategy that subsumes previous Image-level and Object-level approaches into a generalized, Region-level approach that promotes spatial-diversity by avoiding nearby redundant queries from the same image and minimizes context-switching for the labeler. We show that this approach significantly decreases labeling effort and improves rare object search on realistic data with inherent class-imbalance and cluttered scenes.      
### 10.Knowledge Distillation from Ensemble of Offsets for Head Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09183.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a method for estimating the head pose from a single image. This estimation uses a neural network (NN) obtained in two stages. In the first stage, we trained the base NN, which has one regression head and four regression via classification (RvC) heads. We build the ensemble of offsets using small offsets of face bounding boxes. In the second stage, we perform knowledge distillation (KD) from the ensemble of offsets of the base NN into the final NN with one RvC head. On the main test protocol, the use of the offset ensemble improves the results of the base NN, and the KD improves the results from the offset ensemble. The KD improves the results by an average of 7.7\% compared to the non-ensemble version. The proposed NN on the main test protocol improves the state-of-the-art result on AFLW2000 and approaches, with only a minimal gap, the state-of-the-art result on BIWI. Our NN uses only head pose data, but the previous state-of-the-art model also uses facial landmarks during training. We have made publicly available trained NNs and face bounding boxes for the 300W-LP, AFLW, AFLW2000, and BIWI datasets. KD-ResNet152 has the best results, and KD-ResNet18 has a better result on the AFLW2000 dataset than any previous method.      
### 11.Self-Rule to Adapt: Generalized Multi-source Feature Learning Using Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Colorectal Cancer Tissue Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09178.pdf)
>  Supervised learning is constrained by the availability of labeled data, which are especially expensive to acquire in the field of digital pathology. Making use of open-source data for pre-training or using domain adaptation can be a way to overcome this issue. However, pre-trained networks often fail to generalize to new test domains that are not distributed identically due to variations in tissue stainings, types, and textures. Additionally, current domain adaptation methods mainly rely on fully-labeled source datasets. In this work, we propose SRA, which takes advantage of self-supervised learning to perform domain adaptation and removes the necessity of a fully-labeled source dataset. SRA can effectively transfer the discriminative knowledge obtained from a few labeled source domain's data to a new target domain without requiring additional tissue annotations. Our method harnesses both domains' structures by capturing visual similarity with intra-domain and cross-domain self-supervision. Moreover, we present a generalized formulation of our approach that allows the architecture to learn from multi-source domains. We show that our proposed method outperforms baselines for domain adaptation of colorectal tissue type classification and further validate our approach on our in-house clinical cohort. The code and models are available open-source: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/christianabbet/SRA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Trans4Trans: Efficient Transformer for Transparent Object and Semantic Scene Segmentation in Real-World Navigation Assistance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09174.pdf)
>  Transparent objects, such as glass walls and doors, constitute architectural obstacles hindering the mobility of people with low vision or blindness. For instance, the open space behind glass doors is inaccessible, unless it is correctly perceived and interacted with. However, traditional assistive technologies rarely cover the segmentation of these safety-critical transparent objects. In this paper, we build a wearable system with a novel dual-head Transformer for Transparency (Trans4Trans) perception model, which can segment general- and transparent objects. The two dense segmentation results are further combined with depth information in the system to help users navigate safely and assist them to negotiate transparent obstacles. We propose a lightweight Transformer Parsing Module (TPM) to perform multi-scale feature interpretation in the transformer-based decoder. Benefiting from TPM, the double decoders can perform joint learning from corresponding datasets to pursue robustness, meanwhile maintain efficiency on a portable GPU, with negligible calculation increase. The entire Trans4Trans model is constructed in a symmetrical encoder-decoder architecture, which outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the test sets of Stanford2D3D and Trans10K-v2 datasets, obtaining mIoU of 45.13% and 75.14%, respectively. Through a user study and various pre-tests conducted in indoor and outdoor scenes, the usability and reliability of our assistive system have been extensively verified. Meanwhile, the Tran4Trans model has outstanding performances on driving scene datasets. On Cityscapes, ACDC, and DADA-seg datasets corresponding to common environments, adverse weather, and traffic accident scenarios, mIoU scores of 81.5%, 76.3%, and 39.2% are obtained, demonstrating its high efficiency and robustness for real-world transportation applications.      
### 13.Geometry-Aware Self-Training for Unsupervised Domain Adaptationon Object Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09169.pdf)
>  The point cloud representation of an object can have a large geometric variation in view of inconsistent data acquisition procedure, which thus leads to domain discrepancy due to diverse and uncontrollable shape representation cross datasets. To improve discrimination on unseen distribution of point-based geometries in a practical and feasible perspective, this paper proposes a new method of geometry-aware self-training (GAST) for unsupervised domain adaptation of object point cloud classification. Specifically, this paper aims to learn a domain-shared representation of semantic categories, via two novel self-supervised geometric learning tasks as feature regularization. On one hand, the representation learning is empowered by a linear mixup of point cloud samples with their self-generated rotation labels, to capture a global topological configuration of local geometries. On the other hand, a diverse point distribution across datasets can be normalized with a novel curvature-aware distortion localization. Experiments on the PointDA-10 dataset show that our GAST method can significantly outperform the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 14.Group-based Distinctive Image Captioning with Memory Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09151.pdf)
>  Describing images using natural language is widely known as image captioning, which has made consistent progress due to the development of computer vision and natural language generation techniques. Though conventional captioning models achieve high accuracy based on popular metrics, i.e., BLEU, CIDEr, and SPICE, the ability of captions to distinguish the target image from other similar images is under-explored. To generate distinctive captions, a few pioneers employ contrastive learning or re-weighted the ground-truth captions, which focuses on one single input image. However, the relationships between objects in a similar image group (e.g., items or properties within the same album or fine-grained events) are neglected. In this paper, we improve the distinctiveness of image captions using a Group-based Distinctive Captioning Model (GdisCap), which compares each image with other images in one similar group and highlights the uniqueness of each image. In particular, we propose a group-based memory attention (GMA) module, which stores object features that are unique among the image group (i.e., with low similarity to objects in other images). These unique object features are highlighted when generating captions, resulting in more distinctive captions. Furthermore, the distinctive words in the ground-truth captions are selected to supervise the language decoder and GMA. Finally, we propose a new evaluation metric, distinctive word rate (DisWordRate) to measure the distinctiveness of captions. Quantitative results indicate that the proposed method significantly improves the distinctiveness of several baseline models, and achieves the state-of-the-art performance on both accuracy and distinctiveness. Results of a user study agree with the quantitative evaluation and demonstrate the rationality of the new metric DisWordRate.      
### 15.Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) vs Visual Transformer (ViT) for Digital Holography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09147.pdf)
>  In Digital Holography (DH), it is crucial to extract the object distance from a hologram in order to reconstruct its amplitude and phase. This step is called auto-focusing and it is conventionally solved by first reconstructing a stack of images and then by sharpening each reconstructed image using a focus metric such as entropy or variance. The distance corresponding to the sharpest image is considered the focal position. This approach, while effective, is computationally demanding and time-consuming. In this paper, the determination of the distance is performed by Deep Learning (DL). Two deep learning (DL) architectures are compared: Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)and Visual transformer (ViT). ViT and CNN are used to cope with the problem of auto-focusing as a classification problem. Compared to a first attempt [11] in which the distance between two consecutive classes was 100{\mu}m, our proposal allows us to drastically reduce this distance to 1{\mu}m. Moreover, ViT reaches similar accuracy and is more robust than CNN.      
### 16.PatchCleanser: Certifiably Robust Defense against Adversarial Patches for Any Image Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09135.pdf)
>  The adversarial patch attack against image classification models aims to inject adversarially crafted pixels within a localized restricted image region (i.e., a patch) for inducing model misclassification. This attack can be realized in the physical world by printing and attaching the patch to the victim object and thus imposes a real-world threat to computer vision systems. To counter this threat, we propose PatchCleanser as a certifiably robust defense against adversarial patches that is compatible with any image classifier. In PatchCleanser, we perform two rounds of pixel masking on the input image to neutralize the effect of the adversarial patch. In the first round of masking, we apply a set of carefully generated masks to the input image and evaluate the model prediction on every masked image. If model predictions on all one-masked images reach a unanimous agreement, we output the agreed prediction label. Otherwise, we perform a second round of masking to settle the disagreement, in which we evaluate model predictions on two-masked images to robustly recover the correct prediction label. Notably, we can prove that our defense will always make correct predictions on certain images against any adaptive white-box attacker within our threat model, achieving certified robustness. We extensively evaluate our defense on the ImageNet, ImageNette, CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN, and Flowers-102 datasets and demonstrate that our defense achieves similar clean accuracy as state-of-the-art classification models and also significantly improves certified robustness from prior works. Notably, our defense can achieve 83.8% top-1 clean accuracy and 60.4% top-1 certified robust accuracy against a 2%-pixel square patch anywhere on the 1000-class ImageNet dataset.      
### 17.ReGenMorph: Visibly Realistic GAN Generated Face Morphing Attacks by Attack Re-generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09130.pdf)
>  Face morphing attacks aim at creating face images that are verifiable to be the face of multiple identities, which can lead to building faulty identity links in operations like border checks. While creating a morphed face detector (MFD), training on all possible attack types is essential to achieve good detection performance. Therefore, investigating new methods of creating morphing attacks drives the generalizability of MADs. Creating morphing attacks was performed on the image level, by landmark interpolation, or on the latent-space level, by manipulating latent vectors in a generative adversarial network. The earlier results in varying blending artifacts and the latter results in synthetic-like striping artifacts. This work presents the novel morphing pipeline, ReGenMorph, to eliminate the LMA blending artifacts by using a GAN-based generation, as well as, eliminate the manipulation in the latent space, resulting in visibly realistic morphed images compared to previous works. The generated ReGenMorph appearance is compared to recent morphing approaches and evaluated for face recognition vulnerability and attack detectability, whether as known or unknown attacks.      
### 18.Continual Learning for Image-Based Camera Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09112.pdf)
>  For several emerging technologies such as augmented reality, autonomous driving and robotics, visual localization is a critical component. Directly regressing camera pose/3D scene coordinates from the input image using deep neural networks has shown great potential. However, such methods assume a stationary data distribution with all scenes simultaneously available during training. In this paper, we approach the problem of visual localization in a continual learning setup -- whereby the model is trained on scenes in an incremental manner. Our results show that similar to the classification domain, non-stationary data induces catastrophic forgetting in deep networks for visual localization. To address this issue, a strong baseline based on storing and replaying images from a fixed buffer is proposed. Furthermore, we propose a new sampling method based on coverage score (Buff-CS) that adapts the existing sampling strategies in the buffering process to the problem of visual localization. Results demonstrate consistent improvements over standard buffering methods on two challenging datasets -- 7Scenes, 12Scenes, and also 19Scenes by combining the former scenes.      
### 19.Single Image Defocus Deblurring Using Kernel-Sharing Parallel Atrous Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09108.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel deep learning approach for single image defocus deblurring based on inverse kernels. In a defocused image, the blur shapes are similar among pixels although the blur sizes can spatially vary. To utilize the property with inverse kernels, we exploit the observation that when only the size of a defocus blur changes while keeping the shape, the shape of the corresponding inverse kernel remains the same and only the scale changes. Based on the observation, we propose a kernel-sharing parallel atrous convolutional (KPAC) block specifically designed by incorporating the property of inverse kernels for single image defocus deblurring. To effectively simulate the invariant shapes of inverse kernels with different scales, KPAC shares the same convolutional weights among multiple atrous convolution layers. To efficiently simulate the varying scales of inverse kernels, KPAC consists of only a few atrous convolution layers with different dilations and learns per-pixel scale attentions to aggregate the outputs of the layers. KPAC also utilizes the shape attention to combine the outputs of multiple convolution filters in each atrous convolution layer, to deal with defocus blur with a slightly varying shape. We demonstrate that our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance with a much smaller number of parameters than previous methods.      
### 20.Airbert: In-domain Pretraining for Vision-and-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09105.pdf)
>  Vision-and-language navigation (VLN) aims to enable embodied agents to navigate in realistic environments using natural language instructions. Given the scarcity of domain-specific training data and the high diversity of image and language inputs, the generalization of VLN agents to unseen environments remains challenging. Recent methods explore pretraining to improve generalization, however, the use of generic image-caption datasets or existing small-scale VLN environments is suboptimal and results in limited improvements. In this work, we introduce BnB, a large-scale and diverse in-domain VLN dataset. We first collect image-caption (IC) pairs from hundreds of thousands of listings from online rental marketplaces. Using IC pairs we next propose automatic strategies to generate millions of VLN path-instruction (PI) pairs. We further propose a shuffling loss that improves the learning of temporal order inside PI pairs. We use BnB pretrain our Airbert model that can be adapted to discriminative and generative settings and show that it outperforms state of the art for Room-to-Room (R2R) navigation and Remote Referring Expression (REVERIE) benchmarks. Moreover, our in-domain pretraining significantly increases performance on a challenging few-shot VLN evaluation, where we train the model only on VLN instructions from a few houses.      
### 21.Structure-Preserving Deraining with Residue Channel Prior Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09079.pdf)
>  Single image deraining is important for many high-level computer vision tasks since the rain streaks can severely degrade the visibility of images, thereby affecting the recognition and analysis of the image. Recently, many CNN-based methods have been proposed for rain removal. Although these methods can remove part of the rain streaks, it is difficult for them to adapt to real-world scenarios and restore high-quality rain-free images with clear and accurate structures. To solve this problem, we propose a Structure-Preserving Deraining Network (SPDNet) with RCP guidance. SPDNet directly generates high-quality rain-free images with clear and accurate structures under the guidance of RCP but does not rely on any rain-generating assumptions. Specifically, we found that the RCP of images contains more accurate structural information than rainy images. Therefore, we introduced it to our deraining network to protect structure information of the rain-free image. Meanwhile, a Wavelet-based Multi-Level Module (WMLM) is proposed as the backbone for learning the background information of rainy images and an Interactive Fusion Module (IFM) is designed to make full use of RCP information. In addition, an iterative guidance strategy is proposed to gradually improve the accuracy of RCP, refining the result in a progressive path. Extensive experimental results on both synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate that the proposed model achieves new state-of-the-art results. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Joyies/SPDNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 22.A Contactless Fingerprint Recognition System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09048.pdf)
>  Fingerprints are one of the most widely explored biometric traits. Specifically, contact-based fingerprint recognition systems reign supreme due to their robustness, portability and the extensive research work done in the field. However, these systems suffer from issues such as hygiene, sensor degradation due to constant physical contact, and latent fingerprint threats. In this paper, we propose an approach for developing a contactless fingerprint recognition system that captures finger photo from a distance using an image sensor in a suitable environment. The captured finger photos are then processed further to obtain global and local (minutiae-based) features. Specifically, a Siamese convolutional neural network (CNN) is designed to extract global features from a given finger photo. The proposed system computes matching scores from CNN-based features and minutiae-based features. Finally, the two scores are fused to obtain the final matching score between the probe and reference fingerprint templates. Most importantly, the proposed system is developed using the Nvidia Jetson Nano development kit, which allows us to perform contactless fingerprint recognition in real-time with minimum latency and acceptable matching accuracy. The performance of the proposed system is evaluated on an in-house IITI contactless fingerprint dataset (IITI-CFD) containing 105train and 100 test subjects. The proposed system achieves an equal-error-rate of 2.19% on IITI-CFD.      
### 23.Out-of-boundary View Synthesis Towards Full-Frame Video Stabilization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09041.pdf)
>  Warping-based video stabilizers smooth camera trajectory by constraining each pixel's displacement and warp stabilized frames from unstable ones accordingly. However, since the view outside the boundary is not available during warping, the resulting holes around the boundary of the stabilized frame must be discarded (i.e., cropping) to maintain visual consistency, and thus does leads to a tradeoff between stability and cropping ratio. In this paper, we make a first attempt to address this issue by proposing a new Out-of-boundary View Synthesis (OVS) method. By the nature of spatial coherence between adjacent frames and within each frame, OVS extrapolates the out-of-boundary view by aligning adjacent frames to each reference one. Technically, it first calculates the optical flow and propagates it to the outer boundary region according to the affinity, and then warps pixels accordingly. OVS can be integrated into existing warping-based stabilizers as a plug-and-play module to significantly improve the cropping ratio of the stabilized results. In addition, stability is improved because the jitter amplification effect caused by cropping and resizing is reduced. Experimental results on the NUS benchmark show that OVS can improve the performance of five representative state-of-the-art methods in terms of objective metrics and subjective visual quality. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Annbless/OVS_Stabilization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Video-based Person Re-identification with Spatial and Temporal Memory Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09039.pdf)
>  Video-based person re-identification (reID) aims to retrieve person videos with the same identity as a query person across multiple cameras. Spatial and temporal distractors in person videos, such as background clutter and partial occlusions over frames, respectively, make this task much more challenging than image-based person reID. We observe that spatial distractors appear consistently in a particular location, and temporal distractors show several patterns, e.g., partial occlusions occur in the first few frames, where such patterns provide informative cues for predicting which frames to focus on (i.e., temporal attentions). Based on this, we introduce a novel Spatial and Temporal Memory Networks (STMN). The spatial memory stores features for spatial distractors that frequently emerge across video frames, while the temporal memory saves attentions which are optimized for typical temporal patterns in person videos. We leverage the spatial and temporal memories to refine frame-level person representations and to aggregate the refined frame-level features into a sequence-level person representation, respectively, effectively handling spatial and temporal distractors in person videos. We also introduce a memory spread loss preventing our model from addressing particular items only in the memories. Experimental results on standard benchmarks, including MARS, DukeMTMC-VideoReID, and LS-VID, demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.      
### 25.Is it Time to Replace CNNs with Transformers for Medical Images?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09038.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have reigned for a decade as the de facto approach to automated medical image diagnosis. Recently, vision transformers (ViTs) have appeared as a competitive alternative to CNNs, yielding similar levels of performance while possessing several interesting properties that could prove beneficial for medical imaging tasks. In this work, we explore whether it is time to move to transformer-based models or if we should keep working with CNNs - can we trivially switch to transformers? If so, what are the advantages and drawbacks of switching to ViTs for medical image diagnosis? We consider these questions in a series of experiments on three mainstream medical image datasets. Our findings show that, while CNNs perform better when trained from scratch, off-the-shelf vision transformers using default hyperparameters are on par with CNNs when pretrained on ImageNet, and outperform their CNN counterparts when pretrained using self-supervision.      
### 26.AdvDrop: Adversarial Attack to DNNs by Dropping Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09034.pdf)
>  Human can easily recognize visual objects with lost information: even losing most details with only contour reserved, e.g. cartoon. However, in terms of visual perception of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs), the ability for recognizing abstract objects (visual objects with lost information) is still a challenge. In this work, we investigate this issue from an adversarial viewpoint: will the performance of DNNs decrease even for the images only losing a little information? Towards this end, we propose a novel adversarial attack, named \textit{AdvDrop}, which crafts adversarial examples by dropping existing information of images. Previously, most adversarial attacks add extra disturbing information on clean images explicitly. Opposite to previous works, our proposed work explores the adversarial robustness of DNN models in a novel perspective by dropping imperceptible details to craft adversarial examples. We demonstrate the effectiveness of \textit{AdvDrop} by extensive experiments, and show that this new type of adversarial examples is more difficult to be defended by current defense systems.      
### 27.Pixel Contrastive-Consistent Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09025.pdf)
>  We present a novel semi-supervised semantic segmentation method which jointly achieves two desiderata of segmentation model regularities: the label-space consistency property between image augmentations and the feature-space contrastive property among different pixels. We leverage the pixel-level L2 loss and the pixel contrastive loss for the two purposes respectively. To address the computational efficiency issue and the false negative noise issue involved in the pixel contrastive loss, we further introduce and investigate several negative sampling techniques. Extensive experiments demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance of our method (PC2Seg) with the DeepLab-v3+ architecture, in several challenging semi-supervised settings derived from the VOC, Cityscapes, and COCO datasets.      
### 28.Single Underwater Image Enhancement Using an Analysis-Synthesis Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09023.pdf)
>  Most deep models for underwater image enhancement resort to training on synthetic datasets based on underwater image formation models. Although promising performances have been achieved, they are still limited by two problems: (1) existing underwater image synthesis models have an intrinsic limitation, in which the homogeneous ambient light is usually randomly generated and many important dependencies are ignored, and thus the synthesized training data cannot adequately express characteristics of real underwater environments; (2) most of deep models disregard lots of favorable underwater priors and heavily rely on training data, which extensively limits their application ranges. To address these limitations, a new underwater synthetic dataset is first established, in which a revised ambient light synthesis equation is embedded. The revised equation explicitly defines the complex mathematical relationship among intensity values of the ambient light in RGB channels and many dependencies such as surface-object depth, water types, etc, which helps to better simulate real underwater scene appearances. Secondly, a unified framework is proposed, named ANA-SYN, which can effectively enhance underwater images under collaborations of priors (underwater domain knowledge) and data information (underwater distortion distribution). The proposed framework includes an analysis network and a synthesis network, one for priors exploration and another for priors integration. To exploit more accurate priors, the significance of each prior for the input image is explored in the analysis network and an adaptive weighting module is designed to dynamically recalibrate them. Meanwhile, a novel prior guidance module is introduced in the synthesis network, which effectively aggregates the prior and data features and thus provides better hybrid information to perform the more reasonable image enhancement.      
### 29.Indoor Scene Generation from a Collection of Semantic-Segmented Depth Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09022.pdf)
>  We present a method for creating 3D indoor scenes with a generative model learned from a collection of semantic-segmented depth images captured from different unknown scenes. Given a room with a specified size, our method automatically generates 3D objects in a room from a randomly sampled latent code. Different from existing methods that represent an indoor scene with the type, location, and other properties of objects in the room and learn the scene layout from a collection of complete 3D indoor scenes, our method models each indoor scene as a 3D semantic scene volume and learns a volumetric generative adversarial network (GAN) from a collection of 2.5D partial observations of 3D scenes. To this end, we apply a differentiable projection layer to project the generated 3D semantic scene volumes into semantic-segmented depth images and design a new multiple-view discriminator for learning the complete 3D scene volume from 2.5D semantic-segmented depth images. Compared to existing methods, our method not only efficiently reduces the workload of modeling and acquiring 3D scenes for training, but also produces better object shapes and their detailed layouts in the scene. We evaluate our method with different indoor scene datasets and demonstrate the advantages of our method. We also extend our method for generating 3D indoor scenes from semantic-segmented depth images inferred from RGB images of real scenes.      
### 30.DeFRCN: Decoupled Faster R-CNN for Few-Shot Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09017.pdf)
>  Few-shot object detection, which aims at detecting novel objects rapidly from extremely few annotated examples of previously unseen classes, has attracted significant research interest in the community. Most existing approaches employ the Faster R-CNN as basic detection framework, yet, due to the lack of tailored considerations for data-scarce scenario, their performance is often not satisfactory. In this paper, we look closely into the conventional Faster R-CNN and analyze its contradictions from two orthogonal perspectives, namely multi-stage (RPN vs. RCNN) and multi-task (classification vs. localization). To resolve these issues, we propose a simple yet effective architecture, named Decoupled Faster R-CNN (DeFRCN). To be concrete, we extend Faster R-CNN by introducing Gradient Decoupled Layer for multi-stage decoupling and Prototypical Calibration Block for multi-task decoupling. The former is a novel deep layer with redefining the feature-forward operation and gradient-backward operation for decoupling its subsequent layer and preceding layer, and the latter is an offline prototype-based classification model with taking the proposals from detector as input and boosting the original classification scores with additional pairwise scores for calibration. Extensive experiments on multiple benchmarks show our framework is remarkably superior to other existing approaches and establishes a new state-of-the-art in few-shot literature.      
### 31.Dual Projection Generative Adversarial Networks for Conditional Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09016.pdf)
>  Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs) extend the standard unconditional GAN framework to learning joint data-label distributions from samples, and have been established as powerful generative models capable of generating high-fidelity imagery. A challenge of training such a model lies in properly infusing class information into its generator and discriminator. For the discriminator, class conditioning can be achieved by either (1) directly incorporating labels as input or (2) involving labels in an auxiliary classification loss. In this paper, we show that the former directly aligns the class-conditioned fake-and-real data distributions $P(\text{image}|\text{class})$ ({\em data matching}), while the latter aligns data-conditioned class distributions $P(\text{class}|\text{image})$ ({\em label matching}). Although class separability does not directly translate to sample quality and becomes a burden if classification itself is intrinsically difficult, the discriminator cannot provide useful guidance for the generator if features of distinct classes are mapped to the same point and thus become inseparable. Motivated by this intuition, we propose a Dual Projection GAN (P2GAN) model that learns to balance between {\em data matching} and {\em label matching}. We then propose an improved cGAN model with Auxiliary Classification that directly aligns the fake and real conditionals $P(\text{class}|\text{image})$ by minimizing their $f$-divergence. Experiments on a synthetic Mixture of Gaussian (MoG) dataset and a variety of real-world datasets including CIFAR100, ImageNet, and VGGFace2 demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed models.      
### 32.Spatiotemporal Texture Reconstruction for Dynamic Objects Using a Single RGB-D Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09007.pdf)
>  This paper presents an effective method for generating a spatiotemporal (time-varying) texture map for a dynamic object using a single RGB-D camera. The input of our framework is a 3D template model and an RGB-D image sequence. Since there are invisible areas of the object at a frame in a single-camera setup, textures of such areas need to be borrowed from other frames. We formulate the problem as an MRF optimization and define cost functions to reconstruct a plausible spatiotemporal texture for a dynamic object. Experimental results demonstrate that our spatiotemporal textures can reproduce the active appearances of captured objects better than approaches using a single texture map.      
### 33.Deep Virtual Markers for Articulated 3D Shapes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09000.pdf)
>  We propose deep virtual markers, a framework for estimating dense and accurate positional information for various types of 3D data. We design a concept and construct a framework that maps 3D points of 3D articulated models, like humans, into virtual marker labels. To realize the framework, we adopt a sparse convolutional neural network and classify 3D points of an articulated model into virtual marker labels. We propose to use soft labels for the classifier to learn rich and dense interclass relationships based on geodesic distance. To measure the localization accuracy of the virtual markers, we test FAUST challenge, and our result outperforms the state-of-the-art. We also observe outstanding performance on the generalizability test, unseen data evaluation, and different 3D data types (meshes and depth maps). We show additional applications using the estimated virtual markers, such as non-rigid registration, texture transfer, and realtime dense marker prediction from depth maps.      
### 34.GAN Inversion for Out-of-Range Images with Geometric Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08998.pdf)
>  For successful semantic editing of real images, it is critical for a GAN inversion method to find an in-domain latent code that aligns with the domain of a pre-trained GAN model. Unfortunately, such in-domain latent codes can be found only for in-range images that align with the training images of a GAN model. In this paper, we propose BDInvert, a novel GAN inversion approach to semantic editing of out-of-range images that are geometrically unaligned with the training images of a GAN model. To find a latent code that is semantically editable, BDInvert inverts an input out-of-range image into an alternative latent space than the original latent space. We also propose a regularized inversion method to find a solution that supports semantic editing in the alternative space. Our experiments show that BDInvert effectively supports semantic editing of out-of-range images with geometric transformations.      
### 35.Weakly-supervised Joint Anomaly Detection and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08996.pdf)
>  Anomaly activities such as robbery, explosion, accidents, etc. need immediate actions for preventing loss of human life and property in real world surveillance systems. Although the recent automation in surveillance systems are capable of detecting the anomalies, but they still need human efforts for categorizing the anomalies and taking necessary preventive actions. This is due to the lack of methodology performing both anomaly detection and classification for real world scenarios. Thinking of a fully automatized surveillance system, which is capable of both detecting and classifying the anomalies that need immediate actions, a joint anomaly detection and classification method is a pressing need. The task of joint detection and classification of anomalies becomes challenging due to the unavailability of dense annotated videos pertaining to anomalous classes, which is a crucial factor for training modern deep architecture. Furthermore, doing it through manual human effort seems impossible. Thus, we propose a method that jointly handles the anomaly detection and classification in a single framework by adopting a weakly-supervised learning paradigm. In weakly-supervised learning instead of dense temporal annotations, only video-level labels are sufficient for learning. The proposed model is validated on a large-scale publicly available UCF-Crime dataset, achieving state-of-the-art results.      
### 36.Discriminative Domain-Invariant Adversarial Network for Deep Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08995.pdf)
>  Domain generalization approaches aim to learn a domain invariant prediction model for unknown target domains from multiple training source domains with different distributions. Significant efforts have recently been committed to broad domain generalization, which is a challenging and topical problem in machine learning and computer vision communities. Most previous domain generalization approaches assume that the conditional distribution across the domains remain the same across the source domains and learn a domain invariant model by minimizing the marginal distributions. However, the assumption of a stable conditional distribution of the training source domains does not really hold in practice. The hyperplane learned from the source domains will easily misclassify samples scattered at the boundary of clusters or far from their corresponding class centres. To address the above two drawbacks, we propose a discriminative domain-invariant adversarial network (DDIAN) for domain generalization. The discriminativeness of the features are guaranteed through a discriminative feature module and domain-invariant features are guaranteed through the global domain and local sub-domain alignment modules. Extensive experiments on several benchmarks show that DDIAN achieves better prediction on unseen target data during training compared to state-of-the-art domain generalization approaches.      
### 37.Few Shot Activity Recognition Using Variational Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08990.pdf)
>  There has been a remarkable progress in learning a model which could recognise novel classes with only a few labeled examples in the last few years. Few-shot learning (FSL) for action recognition is a challenging task of recognising novel action categories which are represented by few instances in the training data. We propose a novel variational inference based architectural framework (HF-AR) for few shot activity recognition. Our framework leverages volume-preserving Householder Flow to learn a flexible posterior distribution of the novel classes. This results in better performance as compared to state-of-the-art few shot approaches for human activity recognition. approach consists of base model and an adapter model. Our architecture consists of a base model and an adapter model. The base model is trained on seen classes and it computes an embedding that represent the spatial and temporal insights extracted from the input video, e.g. combination of Resnet-152 and LSTM based encoder-decoder model. The adapter model applies a series of Householder transformations to compute a flexible posterior distribution that lends higher accuracy in the few shot approach. Extensive experiments on three well-known datasets: UCF101, HMDB51 and Something-Something-V2, demonstrate similar or better performance on 1-shot and 5-shot classification as compared to state-of-the-art few shot approaches that use only RGB frame sequence as input. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to explore variational inference along with householder transformations to capture the full rank covariance matrix of posterior distribution, for few shot learning in activity recognition.      
### 38.Localize, Group, and Select: Boosting Text-VQA by Scene Text Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08965.pdf)
>  As an important task in multimodal context understanding, Text-VQA (Visual Question Answering) aims at question answering through reading text information in images. It differentiates from the original VQA task as Text-VQA requires large amounts of scene-text relationship understanding, in addition to the cross-modal grounding capability. In this paper, we propose Localize, Group, and Select (LOGOS), a novel model which attempts to tackle this problem from multiple aspects. LOGOS leverages two grounding tasks to better localize the key information of the image, utilizes scene text clustering to group individual OCR tokens, and learns to select the best answer from different sources of OCR (Optical Character Recognition) texts. Experiments show that LOGOS outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods on two Text-VQA benchmarks without using additional OCR annotation data. Ablation studies and analysis demonstrate the capability of LOGOS to bridge different modalities and better understand scene text.      
### 39.Semi-supervised learning for medical image classification using imbalanced training data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08956.pdf)
>  Medical image classification is often challenging for two reasons: a lack of labelled examples due to expensive and time-consuming annotation protocols, and imbalanced class labels due to the relative scarcity of disease-positive individuals in the wider population. Semi-supervised learning (SSL) methods exist for dealing with a lack of labels, but they generally do not address the problem of class imbalance. In this study we propose Adaptive Blended Consistency Loss (ABCL), a drop-in replacement for consistency loss in perturbation-based SSL methods. ABCL counteracts data skew by adaptively mixing the target class distribution of the consistency loss in accordance with class frequency. Our experiments with ABCL reveal improvements to unweighted average recall on two different imbalanced medical image classification datasets when compared with existing consistency losses that are not designed to counteract class imbalance.      
### 40.CIGLI: Conditional Image Generation from Language &amp; Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08955.pdf)
>  Multi-modal generation has been widely explored in recent years. Current research directions involve generating text based on an image or vice versa. In this paper, we propose a new task called CIGLI: Conditional Image Generation from Language and Image. Instead of generating an image based on text as in text-image generation, this task requires the generation of an image from a textual description and an image prompt. We designed a new dataset to ensure that the text description describes information from both images, and that solely analyzing the description is insufficient to generate an image. We then propose a novel language-image fusion model which improves the performance over two established baseline methods, as evaluated by quantitative (automatic) and qualitative (human) evaluations. The code and dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vincentlux/CIGLI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.PatchMatch-RL: Deep MVS with Pixelwise Depth, Normal, and Visibility  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08943.pdf)
>  Recent learning-based multi-view stereo (MVS) methods show excellent performance with dense cameras and small depth ranges. However, non-learning based approaches still outperform for scenes with large depth ranges and sparser wide-baseline views, in part due to their PatchMatch optimization over pixelwise estimates of depth, normals, and visibility. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end trainable PatchMatch-based MVS approach that combines advantages of trainable costs and regularizations with pixelwise estimates. To overcome the challenge of the non-differentiable PatchMatch optimization that involves iterative sampling and hard decisions, we use reinforcement learning to minimize expected photometric cost and maximize likelihood of ground truth depth and normals. We incorporate normal estimation by using dilated patch kernels, and propose a recurrent cost regularization that applies beyond frontal plane-sweep algorithms to our pixelwise depth/normal estimates. We evaluate our method on widely used MVS benchmarks, ETH3D and Tanks and Temples (TnT), and compare to other state of the art learning based MVS models. On ETH3D, our method outperforms other recent learning-based approaches and performs comparably on advanced TnT.      
### 42.Augmenting Implicit Neural Shape Representations with Explicit Deformation Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08931.pdf)
>  Implicit neural representation is a recent approach to learn shape collections as zero level-sets of neural networks, where each shape is represented by a latent code. So far, the focus has been shape reconstruction, while shape generalization was mostly left to generic encoder-decoder or auto-decoder regularization. <br>In this paper we advocate deformation-aware regularization for implicit neural representations, aiming at producing plausible deformations as latent code changes. The challenge is that implicit representations do not capture correspondences between different shapes, which makes it difficult to represent and regularize their deformations. Thus, we propose to pair the implicit representation of the shapes with an explicit, piecewise linear deformation field, learned as an auxiliary function. We demonstrate that, by regularizing these deformation fields, we can encourage the implicit neural representation to induce natural deformations in the learned shape space, such as as-rigid-as-possible deformations.      
### 43.CenterPoly: real-time instance segmentation using bounding polygons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08923.pdf)
>  We present a novel method, called CenterPoly, for real-time instance segmentation using bounding polygons. We apply it to detect road users in dense urban environments, making it suitable for applications in intelligent transportation systems like automated vehicles. CenterPoly detects objects by their center keypoint while predicting a fixed number of polygon vertices for each object, thus performing detection and segmentation in parallel. Most of the network parameters are shared by the network heads, making it fast and lightweight enough to run at real-time speed. To properly convert mask ground-truth to polygon ground-truth, we designed a vertex selection strategy to facilitate the learning of the polygons. Additionally, to better segment overlapping objects in dense urban scenes, we also train a relative depth branch to determine which instances are closer and which are further, using available weak annotations. We propose several models with different backbones to show the possible speed / accuracy trade-offs. The models were trained and evaluated on Cityscapes, KITTI and IDD and the results are reported on their public benchmark, which are state-of-the-art at real-time speeds. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hu64/CenterPoly" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 44.Controlled GAN-Based Creature Synthesis via a Challenging Game Art Dataset -- Addressing the Noise-Latent Trade-Off  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08922.pdf)
>  The state-of-the-art StyleGAN2 network supports powerful methods to create and edit art, including generating random images, finding images "like" some query, and modifying content or style. Further, recent advancements enable training with small datasets. We apply these methods to synthesize card art, by training on a novel Yu-Gi-Oh dataset. While noise inputs to StyleGAN2 are essential for good synthesis, we find that, for small datasets, coarse-scale noise interferes with latent variables because both control long-scale image effects. We observe over-aggressive variation in art with changes in noise and weak content control via latent variable edits. Here, we demonstrate that training a modified StyleGAN2, where coarse-scale noise is suppressed, removes these unwanted effects. We obtain a superior FID; changes in noise result in local exploration of style; and identity control is markedly improved. These results and analysis lead towards a GAN-assisted art synthesis tool for digital artists of all skill levels, which can be used in film, games, or any creative industry for artistic ideation.      
### 45.Neural TMDlayer: Modeling Instantaneous flow of features via SDE Generators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08891.pdf)
>  We study how stochastic differential equation (SDE) based ideas can inspire new modifications to existing algorithms for a set of problems in computer vision. Loosely speaking, our formulation is related to both explicit and implicit strategies for data augmentation and group equivariance, but is derived from new results in the SDE literature on estimating infinitesimal generators of a class of stochastic processes. If and when there is nominal agreement between the needs of an application/task and the inherent properties and behavior of the types of processes that we can efficiently handle, we obtain a very simple and efficient plug-in layer that can be incorporated within any existing network architecture, with minimal modification and only a few additional parameters. We show promising experiments on a number of vision tasks including few shot learning, point cloud transformers and deep variational segmentation obtaining efficiency or performance improvements.      
### 46.Multi defect detection and analysis of electron microscopy images with deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08883.pdf)
>  Electron microscopy is widely used to explore defects in crystal structures, but human detecting of defects is often time-consuming, error-prone, and unreliable, and is not scalable to large numbers of images or real-time analysis. In this work, we discuss the application of machine learning approaches to find the location and geometry of different defect clusters in irradiated steels. We show that a deep learning based Faster R-CNN analysis system has a performance comparable to human analysis with relatively small training data sets. This study proves the promising ability to apply deep learning to assist the development of automated microscopy data analysis even when multiple features are present and paves the way for fast, scalable, and reliable analysis systems for massive amounts of modern electron microscopy data.      
### 47.A Deep Learning Based Automatic Defect Analysis Framework for In-situ TEM Ion Irradiations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08882.pdf)
>  Videos captured using Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM) can encode details regarding the morphological and temporal evolution of a material by taking snapshots of the microstructure sequentially. However, manual analysis of such video is tedious, error-prone, unreliable, and prohibitively time-consuming if one wishes to analyze a significant fraction of frames for even videos of modest length. In this work, we developed an automated TEM video analysis system for microstructural features based on the advanced object detection model called YOLO and tested the system on an in-situ ion irradiation TEM video of dislocation loops formed in a FeCrAl alloy. The system provides analysis of features observed in TEM including both static and dynamic properties using the YOLO-based defect detection module coupled to a geometry analysis module and a dynamic tracking module. Results show that the system can achieve human comparable performance with an F1 score of 0.89 for fast, consistent, and scalable frame-level defect analysis. This result is obtained on a real but exceptionally clean and stable data set and more challenging data sets may not achieve this performance. The dynamic tracking also enabled evaluation of individual defect evolution like per defect growth rate at a fidelity never before achieved using common human analysis methods. Our work shows that automatically detecting and tracking interesting microstructures and properties contained in TEM videos is viable and opens new doors for evaluating materials dynamics.      
### 48.Towards A Fairer Landmark Recognition Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08874.pdf)
>  We introduce a new landmark recognition dataset, which is created with a focus on fair worldwide representation. While previous work proposes to collect as many images as possible from web repositories, we instead argue that such approaches can lead to biased data. To create a more comprehensive and equitable dataset, we start by defining the fair relevance of a landmark to the world population. These relevances are estimated by combining anonymized Google Maps user contribution statistics with the contributors' demographic information. We present a stratification approach and analysis which leads to a much fairer coverage of the world, compared to existing datasets. The resulting datasets are used to evaluate computer vision models as part of the the Google Landmark Recognition and RetrievalChallenges 2021.      
### 49.Approximate Bayesian Neural Doppler Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09266.pdf)
>  The non-uniform surface temperature distribution of rotating active stars is routinely mapped with the Doppler Imaging technique. Inhomogeneities in the surface produce features in high-resolution spectroscopic observations that shift in wavelength depending on their position on the visible hemisphere. The inversion problem has been systematically solved using maximum a-posteriori regularized methods assuming smoothness or maximum entropy. Our aim in this work is to solve the full Bayesian inference problem, by providing access to the posterior distribution of the surface temperature in the star. We use amortized neural posterior estimation to produce a model that approximates the high-dimensional posterior distribution for spectroscopic observations of selected spectral ranges sampled at arbitrary rotation phases. The posterior distribution is approximated with conditional normalizing flows, which are flexible, tractable and easy to sample approximations to arbitrary distributions. When conditioned on the spectroscopic observations, they provide a very efficient way of obtaining samples from the posterior distribution. The conditioning on observations is obtained through the use of Transformer encoders, which can deal with arbitrary wavelength sampling and rotation phases. Our model can produce thousands of posterior samples per second. Our validation of the model for very high signal-to-noise observations shows that it correctly approximates the posterior, although with some overestimation of the broadening. We apply the model to the moderately fast rotator II Peg, producing the first Bayesian map of its temperature inhomogenities. We conclude that conditional normalizing flows are a very promising tool to carry out approximate Bayesian inference in more complex problems in stellar physics, like constraining the magnetic properties.      
### 50.VAE-CE: Visual Contrastive Explanation using Disentangled VAEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09159.pdf)
>  The goal of a classification model is to assign the correct labels to data. In most cases, this data is not fully described by the given set of labels. Often a rich set of meaningful concepts exist in the domain that can much more precisely describe each datapoint. Such concepts can also be highly useful for interpreting the model's classifications. In this paper we propose a model, denoted as Variational Autoencoder-based Contrastive Explanation (VAE-CE), that represents data with high-level concepts and uses this representation for both classification and generating explanations. The explanations are produced in a contrastive manner, conveying why a datapoint is assigned to one class rather than an alternative class. An explanation is specified as a set of transformations of the input datapoint, with each step depicting a concept changing towards the contrastive class. We build the model using a disentangled VAE, extended with a new supervised method for disentangling individual dimensions. An analysis on synthetic data and MNIST shows that the approaches to both disentanglement and explanation provide benefits over other methods.      
### 51.Contrastive Representations for Label Noise Require Fine-Tuning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09154.pdf)
>  In this paper we show that the combination of a Contrastive representation with a label noise-robust classification head requires fine-tuning the representation in order to achieve state-of-the-art performances. Since fine-tuned representations are shown to outperform frozen ones, one can conclude that noise-robust classification heads are indeed able to promote meaningful representations if provided with a suitable starting point. Experiments are conducted to draw a comprehensive picture of performances by featuring six methods and nine noise instances of three different kinds (none, symmetric, and asymmetric). In presence of noise the experiments show that fine tuning of Contrastive representation allows the six methods to achieve better results than end-to-end learning and represent a new reference compare to the recent state of art. Results are also remarkable stable versus the noise level.      
### 52.Unsupervised Domain-adaptive Hash for Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09136.pdf)
>  Abundant real-world data can be naturally represented by large-scale networks, which demands efficient and effective learning algorithms. At the same time, labels may only be available for some networks, which demands these algorithms to be able to adapt to unlabeled networks. Domain-adaptive hash learning has enjoyed considerable success in the computer vision community in many practical tasks due to its lower cost in both retrieval time and storage footprint. However, it has not been applied to multiple-domain networks. In this work, we bridge this gap by developing an unsupervised domain-adaptive hash learning method for networks, dubbed UDAH. Specifically, we develop four {task-specific yet correlated} components: (1) network structure preservation via a hard groupwise contrastive loss, (2) relaxation-free supervised hashing, (3) cross-domain intersected discriminators, and (4) semantic center alignment. We conduct a wide range of experiments to evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of our method on a range of tasks including link prediction, node classification, and neighbor recommendation. Our evaluation results demonstrate that our model achieves better performance than the state-of-the-art conventional discrete embedding methods over all the tasks.      
### 53.Towards Understanding the Generative Capability of Adversarially Robust Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09093.pdf)
>  Recently, some works found an interesting phenomenon that adversarially robust classifiers can generate good images comparable to generative models. We investigate this phenomenon from an energy perspective and provide a novel explanation. We reformulate adversarial example generation, adversarial training, and image generation in terms of an energy function. We find that adversarial training contributes to obtaining an energy function that is flat and has low energy around the real data, which is the key for generative capability. Based on our new understanding, we further propose a better adversarial training method, Joint Energy Adversarial Training (JEAT), which can generate high-quality images and achieve new state-of-the-art robustness under a wide range of attacks. The Inception Score of the images (CIFAR-10) generated by JEAT is 8.80, much better than original robust classifiers (7.50). In particular, we achieve new state-of-the-art robustness on CIFAR-10 (from 57.20% to 62.04%) and CIFAR-100 (from 30.03% to 30.18%) without extra training data.      
### 54.Self-supervised learning for joint SAR and multispectral land cover classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09075.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning techniques are gaining popularity due to their capability of building models that are effective, even when scarce amounts of labeled data are available. In this paper, we present a framework and specific tasks for self-supervised training of multichannel models, such as the fusion of multispectral and synthetic aperture radar images. We show that the proposed self-supervised approach is highly effective at learning features that correlate with the labels for land cover classification. This is enabled by an explicit design of pretraining tasks which promotes bridging the gaps between sensing modalities and exploiting the spectral characteristics of the input. When limited labels are available, using the proposed self-supervised pretraining and supervised finetuning for land cover classification with SAR and multispectral data outperforms conventional approaches such as purely supervised learning, initialization from training on Imagenet and recent self-supervised approaches for computer vision tasks.      
### 55.Kompetenzerwerbsfrderung durch E-Assessment: Individuelle Kompetenzerfassung am Beispiel des Fachs Mathematik  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09072.pdf)
>  In this article, we present a concept of how micro- and e-assessments can be used for the mathematical domain to automatically determine acquired and missing individual skills and, based on these information, guide individuals to acquire missing or additional skills in a software-supported process. The models required for this concept are a digitally prepared and annotated e-assessment item pool, a digital modeling of the domain that includes topics, necessary competencies, as well as introductory and continuative material, as well as a digital individual model, which can reliably record competencies and integrates aspects about the loss of such.      
### 56.AutoLay: Benchmarking amodal layout estimation for autonomous driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09047.pdf)
>  Given an image or a video captured from a monocular camera, amodal layout estimation is the task of predicting semantics and occupancy in bird's eye view. The term amodal implies we also reason about entities in the scene that are occluded or truncated in image space. While several recent efforts have tackled this problem, there is a lack of standardization in task specification, datasets, and evaluation protocols. We address these gaps with AutoLay, a dataset and benchmark for amodal layout estimation from monocular images. AutoLay encompasses driving imagery from two popular datasets: KITTI and Argoverse. In addition to fine-grained attributes such as lanes, sidewalks, and vehicles, we also provide semantically annotated 3D point clouds. We implement several baselines and bleeding edge approaches, and release our data and code.      
### 57.Online Continual Learning with Natural Distribution Shifts: An Empirical Study with Visual Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09020.pdf)
>  Continual learning is the problem of learning and retaining knowledge through time over multiple tasks and environments. Research has primarily focused on the incremental classification setting, where new tasks/classes are added at discrete time intervals. Such an "offline" setting does not evaluate the ability of agents to learn effectively and efficiently, since an agent can perform multiple learning epochs without any time limitation when a task is added. We argue that "online" continual learning, where data is a single continuous stream without task boundaries, enables evaluating both information retention and online learning efficacy. In online continual learning, each incoming small batch of data is first used for testing and then added to the training set, making the problem truly online. Trained models are later evaluated on historical data to assess information retention. We introduce a new benchmark for online continual visual learning that exhibits large scale and natural distribution shifts. Through a large-scale analysis, we identify critical and previously unobserved phenomena of gradient-based optimization in continual learning, and propose effective strategies for improving gradient-based online continual learning with real data. The source code and dataset are available in: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IntelLabs/continuallearning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 58.Unified Representation of Geometric Primitives for Graph-SLAM Optimization Using Decomposed Quadrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08957.pdf)
>  In Simultaneous Localization And Mapping (SLAM) problems, high-level landmarks have the potential to build compact and informative maps compared to traditional point-based landmarks. This work is focused on the parameterization problem of high-level geometric primitives that are most frequently used, including points, lines, planes, ellipsoids, cylinders, and cones. We first present a unified representation of those geometric primitives using \emph{quadrics} which yields a consistent and concise formulation. Then we further study a decomposed model of quadrics that discloses the symmetric and degenerated nature of quadrics. Based on the decomposition, we develop physically meaningful quadrics factors in the settings of the graph-SLAM problem. Finally, in simulation experiments, it is shown that the decomposed formulation has better efficiency and robustness to observation noises than baseline parameterizations. And in real-world experiments, the proposed back-end framework is demonstrated to be capable of building compact and regularized maps.      
### 59.Detection of Illicit Drug Trafficking Events on Instagram: A Deep Multimodal Multilabel Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08920.pdf)
>  Social media such as Instagram and Twitter have become important platforms for marketing and selling illicit drugs. Detection of online illicit drug trafficking has become critical to combat the online trade of illicit drugs. However, the legal status often varies spatially and temporally; even for the same drug, federal and state legislation can have different regulations about its legality. Meanwhile, more drug trafficking events are disguised as a novel form of advertising commenting leading to information heterogeneity. Accordingly, accurate detection of illicit drug trafficking events (IDTEs) from social media has become even more challenging. In this work, we conduct the first systematic study on fine-grained detection of IDTEs on Instagram. We propose to take a deep multimodal multilabel learning (DMML) approach to detect IDTEs and demonstrate its effectiveness on a newly constructed dataset called multimodal IDTE(MM-IDTE). Specifically, our model takes text and image data as the input and combines multimodal information to predict multiple labels of illicit drugs. Inspired by the success of BERT, we have developed a self-supervised multimodal bidirectional transformer by jointly fine-tuning pretrained text and image encoders. We have constructed a large-scale dataset MM-IDTE with manually annotated multiple drug labels to support fine-grained detection of illicit drugs. Extensive experimental results on the MM-IDTE dataset show that the proposed DMML methodology can accurately detect IDTEs even in the presence of special characters and style changes attempting to evade detection.      
### 60.Achieving on-Mobile Real-Time Super-Resolution with Neural Architecture and Pruning Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08910.pdf)
>  Though recent years have witnessed remarkable progress in single image super-resolution (SISR) tasks with the prosperous development of deep neural networks (DNNs), the deep learning methods are confronted with the computation and memory consumption issues in practice, especially for resource-limited platforms such as mobile devices. To overcome the challenge and facilitate the real-time deployment of SISR tasks on mobile, we combine neural architecture search with pruning search and propose an automatic search framework that derives sparse super-resolution (SR) models with high image quality while satisfying the real-time inference requirement. To decrease the search cost, we leverage the weight sharing strategy by introducing a supernet and decouple the search problem into three stages, including supernet construction, compiler-aware architecture and pruning search, and compiler-aware pruning ratio search. With the proposed framework, we are the first to achieve real-time SR inference (with only tens of milliseconds per frame) for implementing 720p resolution with competitive image quality (in terms of PSNR and SSIM) on mobile platforms (Samsung Galaxy S20).      
### 61.Segmentation of Lungs COVID Infected Regions by Attention Mechanism and Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08895.pdf)
>  Coronavirus has caused hundreds of thousands of deaths. Fatalities could decrease if every patient could get suitable treatment by the healthcare system. Machine learning, especially computer vision methods based on deep learning, can help healthcare professionals diagnose and treat COVID-19 infected cases more efficiently. Hence, infected patients can get better service from the healthcare system and decrease the number of deaths caused by the coronavirus. This research proposes a method for segmenting infected lung regions in a CT image. For this purpose, a convolutional neural network with an attention mechanism is used to detect infected areas with complex patterns. Attention blocks improve the segmentation accuracy by focusing on informative parts of the image. Furthermore, a generative adversarial network generates synthetic images for data augmentation and expansion of small available datasets. Experimental results show the superiority of the proposed method compared to some existing procedures.      
### 62.Challenges and Solutions for Utilizing Earth Observations in the "Big Data" era  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08886.pdf)
>  The ever-growing need of data preservation and their systematic analysis contributing to sustainable development of the society spurred in the past decade,numerous Big Data projects and initiatives are focusing on the Earth Observation (EO). The number of Big Data EO applications has grown extremely worldwide almost simultaneously with other scientific and technological areas of the human knowledge due to the revolutionary technological progress in the space and information technology sciences. The substantial contribution to this development are the space programs of the renowned space agencies, such as NASA, ESA,Roskosmos, JAXA, DLR, INPE, ISRO, CNES etc. A snap-shot of the current Big Data sets from available satellite missions covering the Bulgarian territory is also presented. This short overview of the geoscience Big Data collection with a focus on EO will emphasize to the multiple Vs of EO in order to provide a snapshot on the current state-of-the-art in EO data preservation and manipulation. Main modern approaches for compressing, clustering and modelling EO in the geoinformation science for Big Data analysis, interpretation and visualization for a variety of applications are outlined. Special attention is paid to the contemporary EO data modelling and visualization systems.      
### 63.Signal Injection Attacks against CCD Image Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08881.pdf)
>  Since cameras have become a crucial part in many safety-critical systems and applications, such as autonomous vehicles and surveillance, a large body of academic and non-academic work has shown attacks against their main component - the image sensor. However, these attacks are limited to coarse-grained and often suspicious injections because light is used as an attack vector. Furthermore, due to the nature of optical attacks, they require the line-of-sight between the adversary and the target camera. <br>In this paper, we present a novel post-transducer signal injection attack against CCD image sensors, as they are used in professional, scientific, and even military settings. We show how electromagnetic emanation can be used to manipulate the image information captured by a CCD image sensor with the granularity down to the brightness of individual pixels. We study the feasibility of our attack and then demonstrate its effects in the scenario of automatic barcode scanning. Our results indicate that the injected distortion can disrupt automated vision-based intelligent systems.      
### 64.Deep Learning-based Spacecraft Relative Navigation Methods: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08876.pdf)
>  Autonomous spacecraft relative navigation technology has been planned for and applied to many famous space missions. The development of on-board electronics systems has enabled the use of vision-based and LiDAR-based methods to achieve better performances. Meanwhile, deep learning has reached great success in different areas, especially in computer vision, which has also attracted the attention of space researchers. However, spacecraft navigation differs from ground tasks due to high reliability requirements but lack of large datasets. This survey aims to systematically investigate the current deep learning-based autonomous spacecraft relative navigation methods, focusing on concrete orbital applications such as spacecraft rendezvous and landing on small bodies or the Moon. The fundamental characteristics, primary motivations, and contributions of deep learning-based relative navigation algorithms are first summarised from three perspectives of spacecraft rendezvous, asteroid exploration, and terrain navigation. Furthermore, popular visual tracking benchmarks and their respective properties are compared and summarised. Finally, potential applications are discussed, along with expected impediments.      
