# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 24 Aug 2021
### 1.Exploring Simple 3D Multi-Object Tracking for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10312.pdf)
>  3D multi-object tracking in LiDAR point clouds is a key ingredient for self-driving vehicles. Existing methods are predominantly based on the tracking-by-detection pipeline and inevitably require a heuristic matching step for the detection association. In this paper, we present SimTrack to simplify the hand-crafted tracking paradigm by proposing an end-to-end trainable model for joint detection and tracking from raw point clouds. Our key design is to predict the first-appear location of each object in a given snippet to get the tracking identity and then update the location based on motion estimation. In the inference, the heuristic matching step can be completely waived by a simple read-off operation. SimTrack integrates the tracked object association, newborn object detection, and dead track killing in a single unified model. We conduct extensive evaluations on two large-scale datasets: nuScenes and Waymo Open Dataset. Experimental results reveal that our simple approach compares favorably with the state-of-the-art methods while ruling out the heuristic matching rules.      
### 2.Ranking Models in Unlabeled New Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10310.pdf)
>  Consider a scenario where we are supplied with a number of ready-to-use models trained on a certain source domain and hope to directly apply the most appropriate ones to different target domains based on the models' relative performance. Ideally we should annotate a validation set for model performance assessment on each new target environment, but such annotations are often very expensive. Under this circumstance, we introduce the problem of ranking models in unlabeled new environments. For this problem, we propose to adopt a proxy dataset that 1) is fully labeled and 2) well reflects the true model rankings in a given target environment, and use the performance rankings on the proxy sets as surrogates. We first select labeled datasets as the proxy. Specifically, datasets that are more similar to the unlabeled target domain are found to better preserve the relative performance rankings. Motivated by this, we further propose to search the proxy set by sampling images from various datasets that have similar distributions as the target. We analyze the problem and its solutions on the person re-identification (re-ID) task, for which sufficient datasets are publicly available, and show that a carefully constructed proxy set effectively captures relative performance ranking in new environments. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sxzrt/Proxy-Set" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 3.PW-MAD: Pixel-wise Supervision for Generalized Face Morphing Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10291.pdf)
>  A face morphing attack image can be verified to multiple identities, making this attack a major vulnerability to processes based on identity verification, such as border checks. Different methods have been proposed to detect face morphing attacks, however, with low generalizability to unexpected post-morphing processes. A major post-morphing process is the print and scan operation performed in many countries when issuing a passport or identity document. In this work, we address this generalization problem by adapting a pixel-wise supervision approach where we train a network to classify each pixel of the image into an attack or not during the training process, rather than only having one label for the whole image. Our pixel-wise morphing attack detection (PW-MAD) solution performs more accurately than a set of established baselines. More importantly, our approach shows high generalizability in comparison to related works, when evaluated on unknown re-digitized attacks. Additionally to our PW-MAD approach, we create a new face morphing attack dataset with digital and re-digitized attacks and bona fide samples, namely the LMA-DRD dataset that will be made publicly available for research purposes.      
### 4.Cross-Quality LFW: A Database for Analyzing Cross-Resolution Image Face Recognition in Unconstrained Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10290.pdf)
>  Real-world face recognition applications often deal with suboptimal image quality or resolution due to different capturing conditions such as various subject-to-camera distances, poor camera settings, or motion blur. This characteristic has an unignorable effect on performance. Recent cross-resolution face recognition approaches used simple, arbitrary, and unrealistic down- and up-scaling techniques to measure robustness against real-world edge-cases in image quality. Thus, we propose a new standardized benchmark dataset derived from the famous Labeled Faces in the Wild (LFW). In contrast to previous derivatives, which focus on pose, age, similarity, and adversarial attacks, our Cross-Quality Labeled Faces in the Wild (XQLFW) dataset maximizes the quality difference. It contains only more realistic synthetically degraded images when necessary. Our proposed dataset is then used to further investigate the influence of image quality on several state-of-the-art approaches. With XQLFW, we show that these models perform differently in cross-quality cases, and hence, the generalizing capability is not accurately predicted by their performance on LFW. Additionally, we report baseline accuracy with recent deep learning models explicitly trained for cross-resolution applications and evaluate the susceptibility to image quality. To encourage further research in cross-resolution face recognition and incite the assessment of image quality robustness, we publish the database and code for evaluation.      
### 5.ChiNet: Deep Recurrent Convolutional Learning for Multimodal Spacecraft Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10282.pdf)
>  This paper presents an innovative deep learning pipeline which estimates the relative pose of a spacecraft by incorporating the temporal information from a rendezvous sequence. It leverages the performance of long short-term memory (LSTM) units in modelling sequences of data for the processing of features extracted by a convolutional neural network (CNN) backbone. Three distinct training strategies, which follow a coarse-to-fine funnelled approach, are combined to facilitate feature learning and improve end-to-end pose estimation by regression. The capability of CNNs to autonomously ascertain feature representations from images is exploited to fuse thermal infrared data with red-green-blue (RGB) inputs, thus mitigating the effects of artefacts from imaging space objects in the visible wavelength. Each contribution of the proposed framework, dubbed ChiNet, is demonstrated on a synthetic dataset, and the complete pipeline is validated on experimental data.      
### 6.Vogtareuth Rehab Depth Datasets: Benchmark for Marker-less Posture Estimation in Rehabilitation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10272.pdf)
>  Posture estimation using a single depth camera has become a useful tool for analyzing movements in rehabilitation. Recent advances in posture estimation in computer vision research have been possible due to the availability of large-scale pose datasets. However, the complex postures involved in rehabilitation exercises are not represented in the existing benchmark depth datasets. To address this limitation, we propose two rehabilitation-specific pose datasets containing depth images and 2D pose information of patients, both adult and children, performing rehab exercises. We use a state-of-the-art marker-less posture estimation model which is trained on a non-rehab benchmark dataset. We evaluate it on our rehab datasets, and observe that the performance degrades significantly from non-rehab to rehab, highlighting the need for these datasets. We show that our dataset can be used to train pose models to detect rehab-specific complex postures. The datasets will be released for the benefit of the research community.      
### 7.Exploring Biases and Prejudice of Facial Synthesis via Semantic Latent Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10265.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) models are widely used to provide a more convenient and smarter life. However, biased algorithms will negatively influence us. For instance, groups targeted by biased algorithms will feel unfairly treated and even fearful of negative consequences of these biases. This work targets biased generative models' behaviors, identifying the cause of the biases and eliminating them. We can (as expected) conclude that biased data causes biased predictions of face frontalization models. Varying the proportions of male and female faces in the training data can have a substantial effect on behavior on the test data: we found that the seemingly obvious choice of 50:50 proportions was not the best for this dataset to reduce biased behavior on female faces, which was 71% unbiased as compared to our top unbiased rate of 84%. Failure in generation and generating incorrect gender faces are two behaviors of these models. In addition, only some layers in face frontalization models are vulnerable to biased datasets. Optimizing the skip-connections of the generator in face frontalization models can make models less biased. We conclude that it is likely to be impossible to eliminate all training bias without an unlimited size dataset, and our experiments show that the bias can be reduced and quantified. We believe the next best to a perfect unbiased predictor is one that has minimized the remaining known bias.      
### 8.Pattern Inversion as a Pattern Recognition Method for Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10242.pdf)
>  Artificial neural networks use a lot of coefficients that take a great deal of computing power for their adjustment, especially if deep learning networks are employed. However, there exist coefficients-free extremely fast indexing-based technologies that work, for instance, in Google search engines, in genome sequencing, etc. The paper discusses the use of indexing-based methods for pattern recognition. It is shown that for pattern recognition applications such indexing methods replace with inverse patterns the fully inverted files, which are typically employed in search engines. Not only such inversion provide automatic feature extraction, which is a distinguishing mark of deep learning, but, unlike deep learning, pattern inversion supports almost instantaneous learning, which is a consequence of absence of coefficients. The paper discusses a pattern inversion formalism that makes use on a novel pattern transform and its application for unsupervised instant learning. Examples demonstrate a view-angle independent recognition of three-dimensional objects, such as cars, against arbitrary background, prediction of remaining useful life of aircraft engines, and other applications. In conclusion, it is noted that, in neurophysiology, the function of the neocortical mini-column has been widely debated since 1957. This paper hypothesize that, mathematically, the cortical mini-column can be described as an inverse pattern, which physically serves as a connection multiplier expanding associations of inputs with relevant pattern classes.      
### 9.Fusion of evidential CNN classifiers for image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10233.pdf)
>  We propose an information-fusion approach based on belief functions to combine convolutional neural networks. In this approach, several pre-trained DS-based CNN architectures extract features from input images and convert them into mass functions on different frames of discernment. A fusion module then aggregates these mass functions using Dempster's rule. An end-to-end learning procedure allows us to fine-tune the overall architecture using a learning set with soft labels, which further improves the classification performance. The effectiveness of this approach is demonstrated experimentally using three benchmark databases.      
### 10.Deep Bayesian Image Set Classification: A Defence Approach against Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10217.pdf)
>  Deep learning has become an integral part of various computer vision systems in recent years due to its outstanding achievements for object recognition, facial recognition, and scene understanding. However, deep neural networks (DNNs) are susceptible to be fooled with nearly high confidence by an adversary. In practice, the vulnerability of deep learning systems against carefully perturbed images, known as adversarial examples, poses a dire security threat in the physical world applications. To address this phenomenon, we present, what to our knowledge, is the first ever image set based adversarial defence approach. Image set classification has shown an exceptional performance for object and face recognition, owing to its intrinsic property of handling appearance variability. We propose a robust deep Bayesian image set classification as a defence framework against a broad range of adversarial attacks. We extensively experiment the performance of the proposed technique with several voting strategies. We further analyse the effects of image size, perturbation magnitude, along with the ratio of perturbed images in each image set. We also evaluate our technique with the recent state-of-the-art defence methods, and single-shot recognition task. The empirical results demonstrate superior performance on CIFAR-10, MNIST, ETH-80, and Tiny ImageNet datasets.      
### 11.Separable Convolutions for Optimizing 3D Stereo Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10216.pdf)
>  Deep learning based 3D stereo networks give superior performance compared to 2D networks and conventional stereo methods. However, this improvement in the performance comes at the cost of increased computational complexity, thus making these networks non-practical for the real-world applications. Specifically, these networks use 3D convolutions as a major work horse to refine and regress disparities. In this work first, we show that these 3D convolutions in stereo networks consume up to 94% of overall network operations and act as a major bottleneck. Next, we propose a set of "plug-&amp;-run" separable convolutions to reduce the number of parameters and operations. When integrated with the existing state of the art stereo networks, these convolutions lead up to 7x reduction in number of operations and up to 3.5x reduction in parameters without compromising their performance. In fact these convolutions lead to improvement in their performance in the majority of cases.      
### 12.Adaptable GAN Encoders for Image Reconstruction via Multi-type Latent Vectors with Two-scale Attentions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10201.pdf)
>  Although current deep generative adversarial networks (GANs) could synthesize high-quality (HQ) images, discovering novel GAN encoders for image reconstruction is still favorable. When embedding images to latent space, existing GAN encoders work well for aligned images (such as the human face), but they do not adapt to more generalized GANs. To our knowledge, current state-of-the-art GAN encoders do not have a proper encoder to reconstruct high-fidelity images from most misaligned HQ synthesized images on different GANs. Their performances are limited, especially on non-aligned and real images. We propose a novel method (named MTV-TSA) to handle such problems. Creating multi-type latent vectors (MTV) from latent space and two-scale attentions (TSA) from images allows designing a set of encoders that can be adaptable to a variety of pre-trained GANs. We generalize two sets of loss functions to optimize the encoders. The designed encoders could make GANs reconstruct higher fidelity images from most synthesized HQ images. In addition, the proposed method can reconstruct real images well and process them based on learned attribute directions. The designed encoders have unified convolutional blocks and could match well in current GAN architectures (such as PGGAN, StyleGANs, and BigGAN) by fine-tuning the corresponding normalization layers and the last block. Such well-designed encoders can also be trained to converge more quickly.      
### 13.LivDet 2021 Fingerprint Liveness Detection Competition -- Into the unknown  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10183.pdf)
>  The International Fingerprint Liveness Detection Competition is an international biennial competition open to academia and industry with the aim to assess and report advances in Fingerprint Presentation Attack Detection. The proposed "Liveness Detection in Action" and "Fingerprint representation" challenges were aimed to evaluate the impact of a PAD embedded into a verification system, and the effectiveness and compactness of feature sets for mobile applications. Furthermore, we experimented a new spoof fabrication method that has particularly affected the final results. Twenty-three algorithms were submitted to the competition, the maximum number ever achieved by LivDet.      
### 14.Towards Balanced Learning for Instance Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10175.pdf)
>  Instance recognition is rapidly advanced along with the developments of various deep convolutional neural networks. Compared to the architectures of networks, the training process, which is also crucial to the success of detectors, has received relatively less attention. In this work, we carefully revisit the standard training practice of detectors, and find that the detection performance is often limited by the imbalance during the training process, which generally consists in three levels - sample level, feature level, and objective level. To mitigate the adverse effects caused thereby, we propose Libra R-CNN, a simple yet effective framework towards balanced learning for instance recognition. It integrates IoU-balanced sampling, balanced feature pyramid, and objective re-weighting, respectively for reducing the imbalance at sample, feature, and objective level. Extensive experiments conducted on MS COCO, LVIS and Pascal VOC datasets prove the effectiveness of the overall balanced design.      
### 15.ODAM: Object Detection, Association, and Mapping using Posed RGB Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10165.pdf)
>  Localizing objects and estimating their extent in 3D is an important step towards high-level 3D scene understanding, which has many applications in Augmented Reality and Robotics. We present ODAM, a system for 3D Object Detection, Association, and Mapping using posed RGB videos. The proposed system relies on a deep learning front-end to detect 3D objects from a given RGB frame and associate them to a global object-based map using a graph neural network (GNN). Based on these frame-to-model associations, our back-end optimizes object bounding volumes, represented as super-quadrics, under multi-view geometry constraints and the object scale prior. We validate the proposed system on ScanNet where we show a significant improvement over existing RGB-only methods.      
### 16.Improving the trustworthiness of image classification models by utilizing bounding-box annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10131.pdf)
>  We study utilizing auxiliary information in training data to improve the trustworthiness of machine learning models. Specifically, in the context of image classification, we propose to optimize a training objective that incorporates bounding box information, which is available in many image classification datasets. Preliminary experimental results show that the proposed algorithm achieves better performance in accuracy, robustness, and interpretability compared with baselines.      
### 17.Tracked 3D Ultrasound and Deep Neural Network-based Thyroid Segmentation reduce Interobserver Variability in Thyroid Volumetry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10118.pdf)
>  Background: Thyroid volumetry is crucial in diagnosis, treatment and monitoring of thyroid diseases. However, conventional thyroid volumetry with 2D ultrasound is highly operator-dependent. This study compares 2D ultrasound and tracked 3D ultrasound with an automatic thyroid segmentation based on a deep neural network regarding inter- and intraobserver variability, time and accuracy. Volume reference was MRI. Methods: 28 healthy volunteers were scanned with 2D and 3D ultrasound as well as by MRI. Three physicians (MD 1, 2, 3) with different levels of experience (6, 4 and 1 a) performed three 2D ultrasound and three tracked 3D ultrasound scans on each volunteer. In the 2D scans the thyroid lobe volumes were calculated with the ellipsoid formula. A convolutional deep neural network (CNN) segmented the 3D thyroid lobes automatically. On MRI (T1 VIBE sequence) the thyroid was manually segmented by an experienced medical doctor. Results: The CNN was trained to obtain a dice score of 0.94. The interobserver variability comparing two MDs showed mean differences for 2D and 3D respectively of 0.58 ml to 0.52 ml (MD1 vs. 2), -1.33 ml to -0.17 ml (MD1 vs. 3) and -1.89 ml to -0.70 ml (MD2 vs. 3). Paired samples t-tests showed significant differences in two comparisons for 2D and none for 3D. Intraobsever variability was similar for 2D and 3D ultrasound. Comparison of ultrasound volumes and MRI volumes by paired samples t-tests showed a significant difference for the 2D volumetry of all MDs, and no significant difference for 3D ultrasound. Acquisition time was significantly shorter for 3D ultrasound. Conclusion: Tracked 3D ultrasound combined with a CNN segmentation significantly reduces interobserver variability in thyroid volumetry and increases the accuracy of the measurements with shorter acquisition times.      
### 18.Deep neural networks approach to microbial colony detection -- a comparative analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10103.pdf)
>  Counting microbial colonies is a fundamental task in microbiology and has many applications in numerous industry branches. Despite this, current studies towards automatic microbial counting using artificial intelligence are hardly comparable due to the lack of unified methodology and the availability of large datasets. The recently introduced AGAR dataset is the answer to the second need, but the research carried out is still not exhaustive. To tackle this problem, we compared the performance of three well-known deep learning approaches for object detection on the AGAR dataset, namely two-stage, one-stage and transformer based neural networks. The achieved results may serve as a benchmark for future experiments.      
### 19.ZS-SLR: Zero-Shot Sign Language Recognition from RGB-D Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10059.pdf)
>  Sign Language Recognition (SLR) is a challenging research area in computer vision. To tackle the annotation bottleneck in SLR, we formulate the problem of Zero-Shot Sign Language Recognition (ZS-SLR) and propose a two-stream model from two input modalities: RGB and Depth videos. To benefit from the vision Transformer capabilities, we use two vision Transformer models, for human detection and visual features representation. We configure a transformer encoder-decoder architecture, as a fast and accurate human detection model, to overcome the challenges of the current human detection models. Considering the human keypoints, the detected human body is segmented into nine parts. A spatio-temporal representation from human body is obtained using a vision Transformer and a LSTM network. A semantic space maps the visual features to the lingual embedding of the class labels via a Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) model. We evaluated the proposed model on four datasets, Montalbano II, MSR Daily Activity 3D, CAD-60, and NTU-60, obtaining state-of-the-art results compared to state-of-the-art ZS-SLR models.      
### 20.How Transferable Are Self-supervised Features in Medical Image Classification Tasks?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10048.pdf)
>  Transfer learning has become a standard practice to mitigate the lack of labeled data in medical classification tasks. Whereas finetuning a downstream task using supervised ImageNet pretrained features is straightforward and extensively investigated in many works, there is little study on the usefulness of self-supervised pretraining. In this paper, we assess the transferability of ImageNet self-supervisedpretraining by evaluating the performance of models initialized with pretrained features from three self-supervised techniques (SimCLR, SwAV, and DINO) on selected medical classification tasks. The chosen tasks cover tumor detection in sentinel axillary lymph node images, diabetic retinopathy classification in fundus images, and multiple pathological condition classification in chest X-ray images. We demonstrate that self-supervised pretrained models yield richer embeddings than their supervised counterpart, which benefits downstream tasks in view of both linear evaluation and finetuning. For example, in view of linear evaluation at acritically small subset of the data, we see an improvement up to 14.79% in Kappa score in the diabetic retinopathy classification task, 5.4% in AUC in the tumor classification task, 7.03% AUC in the pneumonia detection, and 9.4% in AUC in the detection of pathological conditions in chest X-ray. In addition, we introduce Dynamic Visual Meta-Embedding (DVME) as an end-to-end transfer learning approach that fuses pretrained embeddings from multiple models. We show that the collective representation obtained by DVME leads to a significant improvement in the performance of selected tasks compared to using a single pretrained model approach and can be generalized to any combination of pretrained models.      
### 21.Discovering Spatial Relationships by Transformers for Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10046.pdf)
>  Due to the rapid increase in the diversity of image data, the problem of domain generalization has received increased attention recently. While domain generalization is a challenging problem, it has achieved great development thanks to the fast development of AI techniques in computer vision. Most of these advanced algorithms are proposed with deep architectures based on convolution neural nets (CNN). However, though CNNs have a strong ability to find the discriminative features, they do a poor job of modeling the relations between different locations in the image due to the response to CNN filters are mostly local. Since these local and global spatial relationships are characterized to distinguish an object under consideration, they play a critical role in improving the generalization ability against the domain gap. In order to get the object parts relationships to gain better domain generalization, this work proposes to use the self attention model. However, the attention models are proposed for sequence, which are not expert in discriminate feature extraction for 2D images. Considering this, we proposed a hybrid architecture to discover the spatial relationships between these local features, and derive a composite representation that encodes both the discriminative features and their relationships to improve the domain generalization. Evaluation on three well-known benchmarks demonstrates the benefits of modeling relationships between the features of an image using the proposed method and achieves state-of-the-art domain generalization performance. More specifically, the proposed algorithm outperforms the state-of-the-art by $2.2\%$ and $3.4\%$ on PACS and Office-Home databases, respectively.      
### 22.Realistic Image Synthesis with Configurable 3D Scene Layouts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10031.pdf)
>  Recent conditional image synthesis approaches provide high-quality synthesized images. However, it is still challenging to accurately adjust image contents such as the positions and orientations of objects, and synthesized images often have geometrically invalid contents. To provide users with rich controllability on synthesized images in the aspect of 3D geometry, we propose a novel approach to realistic-looking image synthesis based on a configurable 3D scene layout. Our approach takes a 3D scene with semantic class labels as input and trains a 3D scene painting network that synthesizes color values for the input 3D scene. With the trained painting network, realistic-looking images for the input 3D scene can be rendered and manipulated. To train the painting network without 3D color supervision, we exploit an off-the-shelf 2D semantic image synthesis method. In experiments, we show that our approach produces images with geometrically correct structures and supports geometric manipulation such as the change of the viewpoint and object poses as well as manipulation of the painting style.      
### 23.Deep Relational Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10026.pdf)
>  This paper presents a deep relational metric learning (DRML) framework for image clustering and retrieval. Most existing deep metric learning methods learn an embedding space with a general objective of increasing interclass distances and decreasing intraclass distances. However, the conventional losses of metric learning usually suppress intraclass variations which might be helpful to identify samples of unseen classes. To address this problem, we propose to adaptively learn an ensemble of features that characterizes an image from different aspects to model both interclass and intraclass distributions. We further employ a relational module to capture the correlations among each feature in the ensemble and construct a graph to represent an image. We then perform relational inference on the graph to integrate the ensemble and obtain a relation-aware embedding to measure the similarities. Extensive experiments on the widely-used CUB-200-2011, Cars196, and Stanford Online Products datasets demonstrate that our framework improves existing deep metric learning methods and achieves very competitive results.      
### 24.BiaSwap: Removing dataset bias with bias-tailored swapping augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10008.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks often make decisions based on the spurious correlations inherent in the dataset, failing to generalize in an unbiased data distribution. Although previous approaches pre-define the type of dataset bias to prevent the network from learning it, recognizing the bias type in the real dataset is often prohibitive. This paper proposes a novel bias-tailored augmentation-based approach, BiaSwap, for learning debiased representation without requiring supervision on the bias type. Assuming that the bias corresponds to the easy-to-learn attributes, we sort the training images based on how much a biased classifier can exploits them as shortcut and divide them into bias-guiding and bias-contrary samples in an unsupervised manner. Afterwards, we integrate the style-transferring module of the image translation model with the class activation maps of such biased classifier, which enables to primarily transfer the bias attributes learned by the classifier. Therefore, given the pair of bias-guiding and bias-contrary, BiaSwap generates the bias-swapped image which contains the bias attributes from the bias-contrary images, while preserving bias-irrelevant ones in the bias-guiding images. Given such augmented images, BiaSwap demonstrates the superiority in debiasing against the existing baselines over both synthetic and real-world datasets. Even without careful supervision on the bias, BiaSwap achieves a remarkable performance on both unbiased and bias-guiding samples, implying the improved generalization capability of the model.      
### 25.Image coding for machines: an end-to-end learned approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09993.pdf)
>  Over recent years, deep learning-based computer vision systems have been applied to images at an ever-increasing pace, oftentimes representing the only type of consumption for those images. Given the dramatic explosion in the number of images generated per day, a question arises: how much better would an image codec targeting machine-consumption perform against state-of-the-art codecs targeting human-consumption? In this paper, we propose an image codec for machines which is neural network (NN) based and end-to-end learned. In particular, we propose a set of training strategies that address the delicate problem of balancing competing loss functions, such as computer vision task losses, image distortion losses, and rate loss. Our experimental results show that our NN-based codec outperforms the state-of-the-art Versa-tile Video Coding (VVC) standard on the object detection and instance segmentation tasks, achieving -37.87% and -32.90% of BD-rate gain, respectively, while being fast thanks to its compact size. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first end-to-end learned machine-targeted image codec.      
### 26.Recurrent Video Deblurring with Blur-Invariant Motion Estimation and Pixel Volumes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09982.pdf)
>  For the success of video deblurring, it is essential to utilize information from neighboring frames. Most state-of-the-art video deblurring methods adopt motion compensation between video frames to aggregate information from multiple frames that can help deblur a target frame. However, the motion compensation methods adopted by previous deblurring methods are not blur-invariant, and consequently, their accuracy is limited for blurry frames with different blur amounts. To alleviate this problem, we propose two novel approaches to deblur videos by effectively aggregating information from multiple video frames. First, we present blur-invariant motion estimation learning to improve motion estimation accuracy between blurry frames. Second, for motion compensation, instead of aligning frames by warping with estimated motions, we use a pixel volume that contains candidate sharp pixels to resolve motion estimation errors. We combine these two processes to propose an effective recurrent video deblurring network that fully exploits deblurred previous frames. Experiments show that our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance both quantitatively and qualitatively compared to recent methods that use deep learning.      
### 27.TACo: Token-aware Cascade Contrastive Learning for Video-Text Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09980.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning has been widely used to train transformer-based vision-language models for video-text alignment and multi-modal representation learning. This paper presents a new algorithm called Token-Aware Cascade contrastive learning (TACo) that improves contrastive learning using two novel techniques. The first is the token-aware contrastive loss which is computed by taking into account the syntactic classes of words. This is motivated by the observation that for a video-text pair, the content words in the text, such as nouns and verbs, are more likely to be aligned with the visual contents in the video than the function words. Second, a cascade sampling method is applied to generate a small set of hard negative examples for efficient loss estimation for multi-modal fusion layers. To validate the effectiveness of TACo, in our experiments we finetune pretrained models for a set of downstream tasks including text-video retrieval (YouCook2, MSR-VTT and ActivityNet), video action step localization (CrossTask), video action segmentation (COIN). The results show that our models attain consistent improvements across different experimental settings over previous methods, setting new state-of-the-art on three public text-video retrieval benchmarks of YouCook2, MSR-VTT and ActivityNet.      
### 28.Exploring the Quality of GAN Generated Images for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09977.pdf)
>  Recently, GAN based method has demonstrated strong effectiveness in generating augmentation data for person re-identification (ReID), on account of its ability to bridge the gap between domains and enrich the data variety in feature space. However, most of the ReID works pick all the GAN generated data as additional training samples or evaluate the quality of GAN generation at the entire data set level, ignoring the image-level essential feature of data in ReID task. In this paper, we analyze the in-depth characteristics of ReID sample and solve the problem of "What makes a GAN-generated image good for ReID". Specifically, we propose to examine each data sample with id-consistency and diversity constraints by mapping image onto different spaces. With a metric-based sampling method, we demonstrate that not every GAN-generated data is beneficial for augmentation. Models trained with data filtered by our quality evaluation outperform those trained with the full augmentation set by a large margin. Extensive experiments show the effectiveness of our method on both supervised ReID task and unsupervised domain adaptation ReID task.      
### 29.Learning Signed Distance Field for Multi-view Surface Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09964.pdf)
>  Recent works on implicit neural representations have shown promising results for multi-view surface reconstruction. However, most approaches are limited to relatively simple geometries and usually require clean object masks for reconstructing complex and concave objects. In this work, we introduce a novel neural surface reconstruction framework that leverages the knowledge of stereo matching and feature consistency to optimize the implicit surface representation. More specifically, we apply a signed distance field (SDF) and a surface light field to represent the scene geometry and appearance respectively. The SDF is directly supervised by geometry from stereo matching, and is refined by optimizing the multi-view feature consistency and the fidelity of rendered images. Our method is able to improve the robustness of geometry estimation and support reconstruction of complex scene topologies. Extensive experiments have been conducted on DTU, EPFL and Tanks and Temples datasets. Compared to previous state-of-the-art methods, our method achieves better mesh reconstruction in wide open scenes without masks as input.      
### 30.Voxel-based Network for Shape Completion by Leveraging Edge Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09936.pdf)
>  Deep learning technique has yielded significant improvements in point cloud completion with the aim of completing missing object shapes from partial inputs. However, most existing methods fail to recover realistic structures due to over-smoothing of fine-grained details. In this paper, we develop a voxel-based network for point cloud completion by leveraging edge generation (VE-PCN). We first embed point clouds into regular voxel grids, and then generate complete objects with the help of the hallucinated shape edges. This decoupled architecture together with a multi-scale grid feature learning is able to generate more realistic on-surface details. We evaluate our model on the publicly available completion datasets and show that it outperforms existing state-of-the-art approaches quantitatively and qualitatively. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiaogangw/VE-PCN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Modeling Dynamics of Facial Behavior for Mental Health Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09934.pdf)
>  Facial action unit (FAU) intensities are popular descriptors for the analysis of facial behavior. However, FAUs are sparsely represented when only a few are activated at a time. In this study, we explore the possibility of representing the dynamics of facial expressions by adopting algorithms used for word representation in natural language processing. Specifically, we perform clustering on a large dataset of temporal facial expressions with 5.3M frames before applying the Global Vector representation (GloVe) algorithm to learn the embeddings of the facial clusters. We evaluate the usefulness of our learned representations on two downstream tasks: schizophrenia symptom estimation and depression severity regression. These experimental results show the potential effectiveness of our approach for improving the assessment of mental health symptoms over baseline models that use FAU intensities alone.      
### 32.SegMix: Co-occurrence Driven Mixup for Semantic Segmentation and Adversarial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09929.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a strategy for training convolutional neural networks to effectively resolve interference arising from competing hypotheses relating to inter-categorical information throughout the network. The premise is based on the notion of feature binding, which is defined as the process by which activations spread across space and layers in the network are successfully integrated to arrive at a correct inference decision. In our work, this is accomplished for the task of dense image labelling by blending images based on (i) categorical clustering or (ii) the co-occurrence likelihood of categories. We then train a feature binding network which simultaneously segments and separates the blended images. Subsequent feature denoising to suppress noisy activations reveals additional desirable properties and high degrees of successful predictions. Through this process, we reveal a general mechanism, distinct from any prior methods, for boosting the performance of the base segmentation and saliency network while simultaneously increasing robustness to adversarial attacks.      
### 33.Towards Real-world X-ray Security Inspection: A High-Quality Benchmark and Lateral Inhibition Module for Prohibited Items Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09917.pdf)
>  Prohibited items detection in X-ray images often plays an important role in protecting public safety, which often deals with color-monotonous and luster-insufficient objects, resulting in unsatisfactory performance. Till now, there have been rare studies touching this topic due to the lack of specialized high-quality datasets. In this work, we first present a High-quality X-ray (HiXray) security inspection image dataset, which contains 102,928 common prohibited items of 8 categories. It is the largest dataset of high quality for prohibited items detection, gathered from the real-world airport security inspection and annotated by professional security inspectors. Besides, for accurate prohibited item detection, we further propose the Lateral Inhibition Module (LIM) inspired by the fact that humans recognize these items by ignoring irrelevant information and focusing on identifiable characteristics, especially when objects are overlapped with each other. Specifically, LIM, the elaborately designed flexible additional module, suppresses the noisy information flowing maximumly by the Bidirectional Propagation (BP) module and activates the most identifiable charismatic, boundary, from four directions by Boundary Activation (BA) module. We evaluate our method extensively on HiXray and OPIXray and the results demonstrate that it outperforms SOTA detection methods.      
### 34.PR-GCN: A Deep Graph Convolutional Network with Point Refinement for 6D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09916.pdf)
>  RGB-D based 6D pose estimation has recently achieved remarkable progress, but still suffers from two major limitations: (1) ineffective representation of depth data and (2) insufficient integration of different modalities. This paper proposes a novel deep learning approach, namely Graph Convolutional Network with Point Refinement (PR-GCN), to simultaneously address the issues above in a unified way. It first introduces the Point Refinement Network (PRN) to polish 3D point clouds, recovering missing parts with noise removed. Subsequently, the Multi-Modal Fusion Graph Convolutional Network (MMF-GCN) is presented to strengthen RGB-D combination, which captures geometry-aware inter-modality correlation through local information propagation in the graph convolutional network. Extensive experiments are conducted on three widely used benchmarks, and state-of-the-art performance is reached. Besides, it is also shown that the proposed PRN and MMF-GCN modules are well generalized to other frameworks.      
### 35.Black-Box Test-Time Shape REFINEment for Single View 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09911.pdf)
>  Much recent progress has been made in reconstructing the 3D shape of an object from an image of it, i.e. single view 3D reconstruction. However, it has been suggested that current methods simply adopt a "nearest-neighbor" strategy, instead of genuinely understanding the shape behind the input image. In this paper, we rigorously show that for many state of the art methods, this issue manifests as (1) inconsistencies between coarse reconstructions and input images, and (2) inability to generalize across domains. We thus propose REFINE, a postprocessing mesh refinement step that can be easily integrated into the pipeline of any black-box method in the literature. At test time, REFINE optimizes a network per mesh instance, to encourage consistency between the mesh and the given object view. This, along with a novel combination of regularizing losses, reduces the domain gap and achieves state of the art performance. We believe that this novel paradigm is an important step towards robust, accurate reconstructions, remaining relevant as new reconstruction networks are introduced.      
### 36.The 2nd Anti-UAV Workshop &amp; Challenge: Methods and Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09909.pdf)
>  The 2nd Anti-UAV Workshop \&amp; Challenge aims to encourage research in developing novel and accurate methods for multi-scale object tracking. The Anti-UAV dataset used for the Anti-UAV Challenge has been publicly released. There are two subsets in the dataset, $i.e.$, the test-dev subset and test-challenge subset. Both subsets consist of 140 thermal infrared video sequences, spanning multiple occurrences of multi-scale UAVs. Around 24 participating teams from the globe competed in the 2nd Anti-UAV Challenge. In this paper, we provide a brief summary of the 2nd Anti-UAV Workshop \&amp; Challenge including brief introductions to the top three methods.The submission leaderboard will be reopened for researchers that are interested in the Anti-UAV challenge. The benchmark dataset and other information can be found at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://anti-uav.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Face Photo-Sketch Recognition Using Bidirectional Collaborative Synthesis Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09898.pdf)
>  This research features a deep-learning based framework to address the problem of matching a given face sketch image against a face photo database. The problem of photo-sketch matching is challenging because 1) there is large modality gap between photo and sketch, and 2) the number of paired training samples is insufficient to train deep learning based networks. To circumvent the problem of large modality gap, our approach is to use an intermediate latent space between the two modalities. We effectively align the distributions of the two modalities in this latent space by employing a bidirectional (photo -&gt; sketch and sketch -&gt; photo) collaborative synthesis network. A StyleGAN-like architecture is utilized to make the intermediate latent space be equipped with rich representation power. To resolve the problem of insufficient training samples, we introduce a three-step training scheme. Extensive evaluation on public composite face sketch database confirms superior performance of our method compared to existing state-of-the-art methods. The proposed methodology can be employed in matching other modality pairs.      
### 38.A Weakly Supervised Amodal Segmenter with Boundary Uncertainty Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09897.pdf)
>  This paper addresses weakly supervised amodal instance segmentation, where the goal is to segment both visible and occluded (amodal) object parts, while training provides only ground-truth visible (modal) segmentations. Following prior work, we use data manipulation to generate occlusions in training images and thus train a segmenter to predict amodal segmentations of the manipulated data. The resulting predictions on training images are taken as the pseudo-ground truth for the standard training of Mask-RCNN, which we use for amodal instance segmentation of test images. For generating the pseudo-ground truth, we specify a new Amodal Segmenter based on Boundary Uncertainty estimation (ASBU) and make two contributions. First, while prior work uses the occluder's mask, our ASBU uses the occlusion boundary as input. Second, ASBU estimates an uncertainty map of the prediction. The estimated uncertainty regularizes learning such that lower segmentation loss is incurred on regions with high uncertainty. ASBU achieves significant performance improvement relative to the state of the art on the COCOA and KINS datasets in three tasks: amodal instance segmentation, amodal completion, and ordering recovery.      
### 39.CANet: A Context-Aware Network for Shadow Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09894.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel two-stage context-aware network named CANet for shadow removal, in which the contextual information from non-shadow regions is transferred to shadow regions at the embedded feature spaces. At Stage-I, we propose a contextual patch matching (CPM) module to generate a set of potential matching pairs of shadow and non-shadow patches. Combined with the potential contextual relationships between shadow and non-shadow regions, our well-designed contextual feature transfer (CFT) mechanism can transfer contextual information from non-shadow to shadow regions at different scales. With the reconstructed feature maps, we remove shadows at L and A/B channels separately. At Stage-II, we use an encoder-decoder to refine current results and generate the final shadow removal results. We evaluate our proposed CANet on two benchmark datasets and some real-world shadow images with complex scenes. Extensive experimental results strongly demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed CANet and exhibit superior performance to state-of-the-arts.      
### 40.Multi-Expert Adversarial Attack Detection in Person Re-identification Using Context Inconsistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09891.pdf)
>  The success of deep neural networks (DNNs) haspromoted the widespread applications of person re-identification (ReID). However, ReID systems inherit thevulnerability of DNNs to malicious attacks of visually in-conspicuous adversarial perturbations. Detection of adver-sarial attacks is, therefore, a fundamental requirement forrobust ReID systems. In this work, we propose a Multi-Expert Adversarial Attack Detection (MEAAD) approach toachieve this goal by checking context inconsistency, whichis suitable for any DNN-based ReID systems. Specifically,three kinds of context inconsistencies caused by adversar-ial attacks are employed to learn a detector for distinguish-ing the perturbed examples, i.e., a) the embedding distancesbetween a perturbed query person image and its top-K re-trievals are generally larger than those between a benignquery image and its top-K retrievals, b) the embedding dis-tances among the top-K retrievals of a perturbed query im-age are larger than those of a benign query image, c) thetop-K retrievals of a benign query image obtained with mul-tiple expert ReID models tend to be consistent, which isnot preserved when attacks are present. Extensive exper-iments on the Market1501 and DukeMTMC-ReID datasetsshow that, as the first adversarial attack detection approachfor ReID,MEAADeffectively detects various adversarial at-tacks and achieves high ROC-AUC (over 97.5%).      
### 41.MobileStereoNet: Towards Lightweight Deep Networks for Stereo Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09770.pdf)
>  Recent methods in stereo matching have continuously improved the accuracy using deep models. This gain, however, is attained with a high increase in computation cost, such that the network may not fit even on a moderate GPU. This issue raises problems when the model needs to be deployed on resource-limited devices. For this, we propose two light models for stereo vision with reduced complexity and without sacrificing accuracy. Depending on the dimension of cost volume, we design a 2D and a 3D model with encoder-decoders built from 2D and 3D convolutions, respectively. To this end, we leverage 2D MobileNet blocks and extend them to 3D for stereo vision application. Besides, a new cost volume is proposed to boost the accuracy of the 2D model, making it performing close to 3D networks. Experiments show that the proposed 2D/3D networks effectively reduce the computational expense (27%/95% and 72%/38% fewer parameters/operations in 2D and 3D models, respectively) while upholding the accuracy. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cogsys-tuebingen/mobilestereonet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Relating CNNs with brain: Challenges and findings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09768.pdf)
>  Conventional neural network models (CNN), loosely inspired by the primate visual system, have been shown to predict neural responses in the visual cortex. However, the relationship between CNNs and the visual system is incomplete due to many reasons. On one hand state of the art CNN architecture is very complex, yet can be fooled by imperceptibly small, explicitly crafted perturbations which makes it hard difficult to map layers of the network with the visual system and to understand what they are doing. On the other hand, we don't know the exact mapping between feature space of the CNNs and the space domain of the visual cortex, which makes it hard to accurately predict neural responses. In this paper we review the challenges and the methods that have been used to predict neural responses in the visual cortex and whole brain as part of The Algonauts Project 2021 Challenge: "How the Human Brain Makes Sense of a World in Motion".      
### 43.Image Inpainting via Conditional Texture and Structure Dual Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09760.pdf)
>  Deep generative approaches have recently made considerable progress in image inpainting by introducing structure priors. Due to the lack of proper interaction with image texture during structure reconstruction, however, current solutions are incompetent in handling the cases with large corruptions, and they generally suffer from distorted results. In this paper, we propose a novel two-stream network for image inpainting, which models the structure-constrained texture synthesis and texture-guided structure reconstruction in a coupled manner so that they better leverage each other for more plausible generation. Furthermore, to enhance the global consistency, a Bi-directional Gated Feature Fusion (Bi-GFF) module is designed to exchange and combine the structure and texture information and a Contextual Feature Aggregation (CFA) module is developed to refine the generated contents by region affinity learning and multi-scale feature aggregation. Qualitative and quantitative experiments on the CelebA, Paris StreetView and Places2 datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Xiefan-Guo/CTSDG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.Graph2Pix: A Graph-Based Image to Image Translation Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09752.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a graph-based image-to-image translation framework for generating images. We use rich data collected from the popular creativity platform Artbreeder (<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://artbreeder.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>), where users interpolate multiple GAN-generated images to create artworks. This unique approach of creating new images leads to a tree-like structure where one can track historical data about the creation of a particular image. Inspired by this structure, we propose a novel graph-to-image translation model called Graph2Pix, which takes a graph and corresponding images as input and generates a single image as output. Our experiments show that Graph2Pix is able to outperform several image-to-image translation frameworks on benchmark metrics, including LPIPS (with a 25% improvement) and human perception studies (n=60), where users preferred the images generated by our method 81.5% of the time. Our source code and dataset are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/catlab-team/graph2pix" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.External Knowledge Augmented Text Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09717.pdf)
>  The open-ended question answering task of Text-VQA requires reading and reasoning about local, often previously unseen, scene-text content of an image to generate answers. In this work, we propose the generalized use of external knowledge to augment our understanding of the said scene-text. We design a framework to extract, filter, and encode knowledge atop a standard multimodal transformer for vision language understanding tasks. Through empirical evidence, we demonstrate how knowledge can highlight instance-only cues and thus help deal with training data bias, improve answer entity type correctness, and detect multiword named entities. We generate results comparable to the state-of-the-art on two publicly available datasets, under the constraints of similar upstream OCR systems and training data.      
### 46.Robustness-via-Synthesis: Robust Training with Generative Adversarial Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09713.pdf)
>  Upon the discovery of adversarial attacks, robust models have become obligatory for deep learning-based systems. Adversarial training with first-order attacks has been one of the most effective defenses against adversarial perturbations to this day. The majority of the adversarial training approaches focus on iteratively perturbing each pixel with the gradient of the loss function with respect to the input image. However, the adversarial training with gradient-based attacks lacks diversity and does not generalize well to natural images and various attacks. This study presents a robust training algorithm where the adversarial perturbations are automatically synthesized from a random vector using a generator network. The classifier is trained with cross-entropy loss regularized with the optimal transport distance between the representations of the natural and synthesized adversarial samples. Unlike prevailing generative defenses, the proposed one-step attack generation framework synthesizes diverse perturbations without utilizing gradient of the classifier's loss. Experimental results show that the proposed approach attains comparable robustness with various gradient-based and generative robust training techniques on CIFAR10, CIFAR100, and SVHN datasets. In addition, compared to the baselines, the proposed robust training framework generalizes well to the natural samples. Code and trained models will be made publicly available.      
### 47.Self-Regulation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09702.pdf)
>  In this paper, we seek reasons for the two major failure cases in Semantic Segmentation (SS): 1) missing small objects or minor object parts, and 2) mislabeling minor parts of large objects as wrong classes. We have an interesting finding that Failure-1 is due to the underuse of detailed features and Failure-2 is due to the underuse of visual contexts. To help the model learn a better trade-off, we introduce several Self-Regulation (SR) losses for training SS neural networks. By "self", we mean that the losses are from the model per se without using any additional data or supervision. By applying the SR losses, the deep layer features are regulated by the shallow ones to preserve more details; meanwhile, shallow layer classification logits are regulated by the deep ones to capture more semantics. We conduct extensive experiments on both weakly and fully supervised SS tasks, and the results show that our approach consistently surpasses the baselines. We also validate that SR losses are easy to implement in various state-of-the-art SS models, e.g., SPGNet and OCRNet, incurring little computational overhead during training and none for testing.      
### 48.Spatial Transformer Networks for Curriculum Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09696.pdf)
>  Curriculum learning is a bio-inspired training technique that is widely adopted to machine learning for improved optimization and better training of neural networks regarding the convergence rate or obtained accuracy. The main concept in curriculum learning is to start the training with simpler tasks and gradually increase the level of difficulty. Therefore, a natural question is how to determine or generate these simpler tasks. In this work, we take inspiration from Spatial Transformer Networks (STNs) in order to form an easy-to-hard curriculum. As STNs have been proven to be capable of removing the clutter from the input images and obtaining higher accuracy in image classification tasks, we hypothesize that images processed by STNs can be seen as easier tasks and utilized in the interest of curriculum learning. To this end, we study multiple strategies developed for shaping the training curriculum, using the data generated by STNs. We perform various experiments on cluttered MNIST and Fashion-MNIST datasets, where on the former, we obtain an improvement of $3.8$pp in classification accuracy compared to the baseline.      
### 49.Guiding Query Position and Performing Similar Attention for Transformer-Based Detection Heads  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09691.pdf)
>  After DETR was proposed, this novel transformer-based detection paradigm which performs several cross-attentions between object queries and feature maps for predictions has subsequently derived a series of transformer-based detection heads. These models iterate object queries after each cross-attention. However, they don't renew the query position which indicates object queries' position information. Thus model needs extra learning to figure out the newest regions that query position should express and need more attention. To fix this issue, we propose the Guided Query Position (GQPos) method to embed the latest location information of object queries to query position iteratively. <br>Another problem of such transformer-based detection heads is the high complexity to perform attention on multi-scale feature maps, which hinders them from improving detection performance at all scales. Therefore we propose a novel fusion scheme named Similar Attention (SiA): besides the feature maps is fused, SiA also fuse the attention weights maps to accelerate the learning of high-resolution attention weight map by well-learned low-resolution attention weight map. <br>Our experiments show that the proposed GQPos improves the performance of a series of models, including DETR, SMCA, YoloS, and HoiTransformer and SiA consistently improve the performance of multi-scale transformer-based detection heads like DETR and HoiTransformer.      
### 50.Uncertainty-aware Clustering for Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Object Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09682.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptive (UDA) object re-identification (Re-ID) aims at adapting a model trained on a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. State-of-the-art object Re-ID approaches adopt clustering algorithms to generate pseudo-labels for the unlabeled target domain. However, the inevitable label noise caused by the clustering procedure significantly degrades the discriminative power of Re-ID model. To address this problem, we propose an uncertainty-aware clustering framework (UCF) for UDA tasks. First, a novel hierarchical clustering scheme is proposed to promote clustering quality. Second, an uncertainty-aware collaborative instance selection method is introduced to select images with reliable labels for model training. Combining both techniques effectively reduces the impact of noisy labels. In addition, we introduce a strong baseline that features a compact contrastive loss. Our UCF method consistently achieves state-of-the-art performance in multiple UDA tasks for object Re-ID, and significantly reduces the gap between unsupervised and supervised Re-ID performance. In particular, the performance of our unsupervised UCF method in the MSMT17$\to$Market1501 task is better than that of the fully supervised setting on Market1501. The code of UCF is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Wang-pengfei/UCF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.Detection and Localization of Multiple Image Splicing Using MobileNet V1  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09674.pdf)
>  In modern society, digital images have become a prominent source of information and medium of communication. They can, however, be simply altered using freely available image editing software. Two or more images are combined to generate a new image that can transmit information across social media platforms to influence the people in the society. This information may have both positive and negative consequences. Hence there is a need to develop a technique that will detect and locates a multiple image splicing forgery in an image. This research work proposes multiple image splicing forgery detection using Mask R-CNN, with a backbone as a MobileNet V1. It also calculates the percentage score of a forged region of multiple spliced images. The comparative analysis of the proposed work with the variants of ResNet is performed. The proposed model is trained and tested using our MISD (Multiple Image Splicing Dataset), and it is observed that the proposed model outperforms the variants of ResNet models (ResNet 51,101 and 151).      
### 52.Pi-NAS: Improving Neural Architecture Search by Reducing Supernet Training Consistency Shift  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09671.pdf)
>  Recently proposed neural architecture search (NAS) methods co-train billions of architectures in a supernet and estimate their potential accuracy using the network weights detached from the supernet. However, the ranking correlation between the architectures' predicted accuracy and their actual capability is incorrect, which causes the existing NAS methods' dilemma. We attribute this ranking correlation problem to the supernet training consistency shift, including feature shift and parameter shift. Feature shift is identified as dynamic input distributions of a hidden layer due to random path sampling. The input distribution dynamic affects the loss descent and finally affects architecture ranking. Parameter shift is identified as contradictory parameter updates for a shared layer lay in different paths in different training steps. The rapidly-changing parameter could not preserve architecture ranking. We address these two shifts simultaneously using a nontrivial supernet-Pi model, called Pi-NAS. Specifically, we employ a supernet-Pi model that contains cross-path learning to reduce the feature consistency shift between different paths. Meanwhile, we adopt a novel nontrivial mean teacher containing negative samples to overcome parameter shift and model collision. Furthermore, our Pi-NAS runs in an unsupervised manner, which can search for more transferable architectures. Extensive experiments on ImageNet and a wide range of downstream tasks (e.g., COCO 2017, ADE20K, and Cityscapes) demonstrate the effectiveness and universality of our Pi-NAS compared to supervised NAS. See Codes: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Ernie1/Pi-NAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 53.Learning of Visual Relations: The Devil is in the Tails  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09668.pdf)
>  Significant effort has been recently devoted to modeling visual relations. This has mostly addressed the design of architectures, typically by adding parameters and increasing model complexity. However, visual relation learning is a long-tailed problem, due to the combinatorial nature of joint reasoning about groups of objects. Increasing model complexity is, in general, ill-suited for long-tailed problems due to their tendency to overfit. In this paper, we explore an alternative hypothesis, denoted the Devil is in the Tails. Under this hypothesis, better performance is achieved by keeping the model simple but improving its ability to cope with long-tailed distributions. To test this hypothesis, we devise a new approach for training visual relationships models, which is inspired by state-of-the-art long-tailed recognition literature. This is based on an iterative decoupled training scheme, denoted Decoupled Training for Devil in the Tails (DT2). DT2 employs a novel sampling approach, Alternating Class-Balanced Sampling (ACBS), to capture the interplay between the long-tailed entity and predicate distributions of visual relations. Results show that, with an extremely simple architecture, DT2-ACBS significantly outperforms much more complex state-of-the-art methods on scene graph generation tasks. This suggests that the development of sophisticated models must be considered in tandem with the long-tailed nature of the problem.      
### 54.Relational Embedding for Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09666.pdf)
>  We propose to address the problem of few-shot classification by meta-learning "what to observe" and "where to attend" in a relational perspective. Our method leverages relational patterns within and between images via self-correlational representation (SCR) and cross-correlational attention (CCA). Within each image, the SCR module transforms a base feature map into a self-correlation tensor and learns to extract structural patterns from the tensor. Between the images, the CCA module computes cross-correlation between two image representations and learns to produce co-attention between them. Our Relational Embedding Network (RENet) combines the two relational modules to learn relational embedding in an end-to-end manner. In experimental evaluation, it achieves consistent improvements over state-of-the-art methods on four widely used few-shot classification benchmarks of miniImageNet, tieredImageNet, CUB-200-2011, and CIFAR-FS.      
### 55.SIDE: Center-based Stereo 3D Detector with Structure-aware Instance Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09663.pdf)
>  3D detection plays an indispensable role in environment perception. Due to the high cost of commonly used LiDAR sensor, stereo vision based 3D detection, as an economical yet effective setting, attracts more attention recently. For these approaches based on 2D images, accurate depth information is the key to achieve 3D detection, and most existing methods resort to a preliminary stage for depth estimation. They mainly focus on the global depth and neglect the property of depth information in this specific task, namely, sparsity and locality, where exactly accurate depth is only needed for these 3D bounding boxes. Motivated by this finding, we propose a stereo-image based anchor-free 3D detection method, called structure-aware stereo 3D detector (termed as SIDE), where we explore the instance-level depth information via constructing the cost volume from RoIs of each object. Due to the information sparsity of local cost volume, we further introduce match reweighting and structure-aware attention, to make the depth information more concentrated. Experiments conducted on the KITTI dataset show that our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance compared to existing methods without depth map supervision.      
### 56.From Two to One: A New Scene Text Recognizer with Visual Language Modeling Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09661.pdf)
>  In this paper, we abandon the dominant complex language model and rethink the linguistic learning process in the scene text recognition. Different from previous methods considering the visual and linguistic information in two separate structures, we propose a Visual Language Modeling Network (VisionLAN), which views the visual and linguistic information as a union by directly enduing the vision model with language capability. Specially, we introduce the text recognition of character-wise occluded feature maps in the training stage. Such operation guides the vision model to use not only the visual texture of characters, but also the linguistic information in visual context for recognition when the visual cues are confused (e.g. occlusion, noise, etc.). As the linguistic information is acquired along with visual features without the need of extra language model, VisionLAN significantly improves the speed by 39% and adaptively considers the linguistic information to enhance the visual features for accurate recognition. Furthermore, an Occlusion Scene Text (OST) dataset is proposed to evaluate the performance on the case of missing character-wise visual cues. The state of-the-art results on several benchmarks prove our effectiveness. Code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wangyuxin87/VisionLAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 57.Domain Adaptation for Underwater Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09650.pdf)
>  Recently, learning-based algorithms have shown impressive performance in underwater image enhancement. Most of them resort to training on synthetic data and achieve outstanding performance. However, these methods ignore the significant domain gap between the synthetic and real data (i.e., interdomain gap), and thus the models trained on synthetic data often fail to generalize well to real underwater scenarios. Furthermore, the complex and changeable underwater environment also causes a great distribution gap among the real data itself (i.e., intra-domain gap). However, almost no research focuses on this problem and thus their techniques often produce visually unpleasing artifacts and color distortions on various real images. Motivated by these observations, we propose a novel Two-phase Underwater Domain Adaptation network (TUDA) to simultaneously minimize the inter-domain and intra-domain gap. Concretely, a new dual-alignment network is designed in the first phase, including a translation part for enhancing realism of input images, followed by an enhancement part. With performing image-level and feature-level adaptation in two parts by jointly adversarial learning, the network can better build invariance across domains and thus bridge the inter-domain gap. In the second phase, we perform an easy-hard classification of real data according to the assessed quality of enhanced images, where a rank-based underwater quality assessment method is embedded. By leveraging implicit quality information learned from rankings, this method can more accurately assess the perceptual quality of enhanced images. Using pseudo labels from the easy part, an easy-hard adaptation technique is then conducted to effectively decrease the intra-domain gap between easy and hard samples.      
### 58.DenseTNT: End-to-end Trajectory Prediction from Dense Goal Sets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09640.pdf)
>  Due to the stochasticity of human behaviors, predicting the future trajectories of road agents is challenging for autonomous driving. Recently, goal-based multi-trajectory prediction methods are proved to be effective, where they first score over-sampled goal candidates and then select a final set from them. However, these methods usually involve goal predictions based on sparse pre-defined anchors and heuristic goal selection algorithms. In this work, we propose an anchor-free and end-to-end trajectory prediction model, named DenseTNT, that directly outputs a set of trajectories from dense goal candidates. In addition, we introduce an offline optimization-based technique to provide multi-future pseudo-labels for our final online model. Experiments show that DenseTNT achieves state-of-the-art performance, ranking 1st on the Argoverse motion forecasting benchmark and being the 1st place winner of the 2021 Waymo Open Dataset Motion Prediction Challenge.      
### 59.StarVQA: Space-Time Attention for Video Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09635.pdf)
>  The attention mechanism is blooming in computer vision nowadays. However, its application to video quality assessment (VQA) has not been reported. Evaluating the quality of in-the-wild videos is challenging due to the unknown of pristine reference and shooting distortion. This paper presents a novel \underline{s}pace-\underline{t}ime \underline{a}ttention network fo\underline{r} the \underline{VQA} problem, named StarVQA. StarVQA builds a Transformer by alternately concatenating the divided space-time attention. To adapt the Transformer architecture for training, StarVQA designs a vectorized regression loss by encoding the mean opinion score (MOS) to the probability vector and embedding a special vectorized label token as the learnable variable. To capture the long-range spatiotemporal dependencies of a video sequence, StarVQA encodes the space-time position information of each patch to the input of the Transformer. Various experiments are conducted on the de-facto in-the-wild video datasets, including LIVE-VQC, KoNViD-1k, LSVQ, and LSVQ-1080p. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed StarVQA over the state-of-the-art. Code and model will be available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DVL/StarVQA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 60.Tensor Pooling Driven Instance Segmentation Framework for Baggage Threat Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09603.pdf)
>  Automated systems designed for screening contraband items from the X-ray imagery are still facing difficulties with high clutter, concealment, and extreme occlusion. In this paper, we addressed this challenge using a novel multi-scale contour instance segmentation framework that effectively identifies the cluttered contraband data within the baggage X-ray scans. Unlike standard models that employ region-based or keypoint-based techniques to generate multiple boxes around objects, we propose to derive proposals according to the hierarchy of the regions defined by the contours. The proposed framework is rigorously validated on three public datasets, dubbed GDXray, SIXray, and OPIXray, where it outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by achieving the mean average precision score of 0.9779, 0.9614, and 0.8396, respectively. Furthermore, to the best of our knowledge, this is the first contour instance segmentation framework that leverages multi-scale information to recognize cluttered and concealed contraband data from the colored and grayscale security X-ray imagery.      
### 61.SSR: Semi-supervised Soft Rasterizer for single-view 2D to 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09593.pdf)
>  Recent work has made significant progress in learning object meshes with weak supervision. Soft Rasterization methods have achieved accurate 3D reconstruction from 2D images with viewpoint supervision only. In this work, we further reduce the labeling effort by allowing such 3D reconstruction methods leverage unlabeled images. In order to obtain the viewpoints for these unlabeled images, we propose to use a Siamese network that takes two images as input and outputs whether they correspond to the same viewpoint. During training, we minimize the cross entropy loss to maximize the probability of predicting whether a pair of images belong to the same viewpoint or not. To get the viewpoint of a new image, we compare it against different viewpoints obtained from the training samples and select the viewpoint with the highest matching probability. We finally label the unlabeled images with the most confident predicted viewpoint and train a deep network that has a differentiable rasterization layer. Our experiments show that even labeling only two objects yields significant improvement in IoU for ShapeNet when leveraging unlabeled examples. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IssamLaradji/SSR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 62.A Synthesis-Based Approach for Thermal-to-Visible Face Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09558.pdf)
>  In recent years, visible-spectrum face verification systems have been shown to match expert forensic examiner recognition performance. However, such systems are ineffective in low-light and nighttime conditions. Thermal face imagery, which captures body heat emissions, effectively augments the visible spectrum, capturing discriminative facial features in scenes with limited illumination. Due to the increased cost and difficulty of obtaining diverse, paired thermal and visible spectrum datasets, algorithms and large-scale benchmarks for low-light recognition are limited. This paper presents an algorithm that achieves state-of-the-art performance on both the ARL-VTF and TUFTS multi-spectral face datasets. Importantly, we study the impact of face alignment, pixel-level correspondence, and identity classification with label smoothing for multi-spectral face synthesis and verification. We show that our proposed method is widely applicable, robust, and highly effective. In addition, we show that the proposed method significantly outperforms face frontalization methods on profile-to-frontal verification. Finally, we present MILAB-VTF(B), a challenging multi-spectral face dataset that is composed of paired thermal and visible videos. To the best of our knowledge, with face data from 400 subjects, this dataset represents the most extensive collection of publicly available indoor and long-range outdoor thermal-visible face imagery. Lastly, we show that our end-to-end thermal-to-visible face verification system provides strong performance on the MILAB-VTF(B) dataset.      
### 63.Construction material classification on imbalanced datasets for construction monitoring automation using Vision Transformer (ViT) architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09527.pdf)
>  Nowadays, automation is a critical topic due to its significant impacts on the productivity of construction projects. Utilizing automation in this industry brings about great results, such as remarkable improvements in the efficiency, quality, and safety of construction activities. The scope of automation in construction includes a wide range of stages, and monitoring construction projects is no exception. Additionally, it is of great importance in project management since an accurate and timely assessment of project progress enables managers to quickly identify deviations from the schedule and take the required actions at the right time. In this stage, one of the most important tasks is to daily keep track of the project progress, which is very time-consuming and labor-intensive, but automation has facilitated and accelerated this task. It also eliminated or at least decreased the risk of many dangerous tasks. In this way, the first step of construction automation is to detect used materials in a project site automatically. In this paper, a novel deep learning architecture is utilized, called Vision Transformer (ViT), for detecting and classifying construction materials. To evaluate the applicability and performance of the proposed method, it is trained and tested on three large imbalanced datasets, namely Construction Material Library (CML) and Building Material Dataset (BMD), used in the previous papers, as well as a new dataset created by combining them. The achieved results revealed an accuracy of 100 percent in all parameters and also in each material category. It is believed that the proposed method provides a novel and robust tool for detecting and classifying different material types.      
### 64.A Technical Survey and Evaluation of Traditional Point Cloud Clustering Methods for LiDAR Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09522.pdf)
>  LiDAR panoptic segmentation is a newly proposed technical task for autonomous driving. In contrast to popular end-to-end deep learning solutions, we propose a hybrid method with an existing semantic segmentation network to extract semantic information and a traditional LiDAR point cloud cluster algorithm to split each instance object. We argue geometry-based traditional clustering algorithms are worth being considered by showing a state-of-the-art performance among all published end-to-end deep learning solutions on the panoptic segmentation leaderboard of the SemanticKITTI dataset. To our best knowledge, we are the first to attempt the point cloud panoptic segmentation with clustering algorithms. Therefore, instead of working on new models, we give a comprehensive technical survey in this paper by implementing four typical cluster methods and report their performances on the benchmark. Those four cluster methods are the most representative ones with real-time running speed. They are implemented with C++ in this paper and then wrapped as a python function for seamless integration with the existing deep learning frameworks. We release our code for peer researchers who might be interested in this problem.      
### 65.MOTSynth: How Can Synthetic Data Help Pedestrian Detection and Tracking?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09518.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based methods for video pedestrian detection and tracking require large volumes of training data to achieve good performance. However, data acquisition in crowded public environments raises data privacy concerns -- we are not allowed to simply record and store data without the explicit consent of all participants. Furthermore, the annotation of such data for computer vision applications usually requires a substantial amount of manual effort, especially in the video domain. Labeling instances of pedestrians in highly crowded scenarios can be challenging even for human annotators and may introduce errors in the training data. In this paper, we study how we can advance different aspects of multi-person tracking using solely synthetic data. To this end, we generate MOTSynth, a large, highly diverse synthetic dataset for object detection and tracking using a rendering game engine. Our experiments show that MOTSynth can be used as a replacement for real data on tasks such as pedestrian detection, re-identification, segmentation, and tracking.      
### 66.DSP-SLAM: Object Oriented SLAM with Deep Shape Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09481.pdf)
>  We propose DSP-SLAM, an object-oriented SLAM system that builds a rich and accurate joint map of dense 3D models for foreground objects, and sparse landmark points to represent the background. DSP-SLAM takes as input the 3D point cloud reconstructed by a feature-based SLAM system and equips it with the ability to enhance its sparse map with dense reconstructions of detected objects. Objects are detected via semantic instance segmentation, and their shape and pose is estimated using category-specific deep shape embeddings as priors, via a novel second order optimization. Our object-aware bundle adjustment builds a pose-graph to jointly optimize camera poses, object locations and feature points. DSP-SLAM can operate at 10 frames per second on 3 different input modalities: monocular, stereo, or stereo+LiDAR. We demonstrate DSP-SLAM operating at almost frame rate on monocular-RGB sequences from the Friburg and Redwood-OS datasets, and on stereo+LiDAR sequences on the KITTI odometry dataset showing that it achieves high-quality full object reconstructions, even from partial observations, while maintaining a consistent global map. Our evaluation shows improvements in object pose and shape reconstruction with respect to recent deep prior-based reconstruction methods and reductions in camera tracking drift on the KITTI dataset.      
### 67.3D Reconstruction from public webcams  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09476.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the possibility of reconstructing the 3D geometry of a scene captured by multiple webcams. The number of publicly accessible webcams is already large and it is growing every day. A logical question arises - can we use this free source of data for something beyond leisure activities? The challenge is that no internal, external, or temporal calibration of these cameras is available. We show that using recent advances in computer vision, we successfully calibrate the cameras, perform 3D reconstructions of the static scene and also recover the 3D trajectories of moving objects.      
### 68.Robust Ensembling Network for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09473.pdf)
>  Recently, in order to address the unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) problem, extensive studies have been proposed to achieve transferrable models. Among them, the most prevalent method is adversarial domain adaptation, which can shorten the distance between the source domain and the target domain. Although adversarial learning is very effective, it still leads to the instability of the network and the drawbacks of confusing category information. In this paper, we propose a Robust Ensembling Network (REN) for UDA, which applies a robust time ensembling teacher network to learn global information for domain transfer. Specifically, REN mainly includes a teacher network and a student network, which performs standard domain adaptation training and updates weights of the teacher network. In addition, we also propose a dual-network conditional adversarial loss to improve the ability of the discriminator. Finally, for the purpose of improving the basic ability of the student network, we utilize the consistency constraint to balance the error between the student network and the teacher network. Extensive experimental results on several UDA datasets have demonstrated the effectiveness of our model by comparing with other state-of-the-art UDA algorithms.      
### 69.End2End Occluded Face Recognition by Masking Corrupted Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09468.pdf)
>  With the recent advancement of deep convolutional neural networks, significant progress has been made in general face recognition. However, the state-of-the-art general face recognition models do not generalize well to occluded face images, which are exactly the common cases in real-world scenarios. The potential reasons are the absences of large-scale occluded face data for training and specific designs for tackling corrupted features brought by occlusions. This paper presents a novel face recognition method that is robust to occlusions based on a single end-to-end deep neural network. Our approach, named FROM (Face Recognition with Occlusion Masks), learns to discover the corrupted features from the deep convolutional neural networks, and clean them by the dynamically learned masks. In addition, we construct massive occluded face images to train FROM effectively and efficiently. FROM is simple yet powerful compared to the existing methods that either rely on external detectors to discover the occlusions or employ shallow models which are less discriminative. Experimental results on the LFW, Megaface challenge 1, RMF2, AR dataset and other simulated occluded/masked datasets confirm that FROM dramatically improves the accuracy under occlusions, and generalizes well on general face recognition.      
### 70.Ensemble of CNN classifiers using Sugeno Fuzzy Integral Technique for Cervical Cytology Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09460.pdf)
>  Cervical cancer is the fourth most common category of cancer, affecting more than 500,000 women annually, owing to the slow detection procedure. Early diagnosis can help in treating and even curing cancer, but the tedious, time-consuming testing process makes it impossible to conduct population-wise screening. To aid the pathologists in efficient and reliable detection, in this paper, we propose a fully automated computer-aided diagnosis tool for classifying single-cell and slide images of cervical cancer. The main concern in developing an automatic detection tool for biomedical image classification is the low availability of publicly accessible data. Ensemble Learning is a popular approach for image classification, but simplistic approaches that leverage pre-determined weights to classifiers fail to perform satisfactorily. In this research, we use the Sugeno Fuzzy Integral to ensemble the decision scores from three popular pretrained deep learning models, namely, Inception v3, DenseNet-161 and ResNet-34. The proposed Fuzzy fusion is capable of taking into consideration the confidence scores of the classifiers for each sample, and thus adaptively changing the importance given to each classifier, capturing the complementary information supplied by each, thus leading to superior classification performance. We evaluated the proposed method on three publicly available datasets, the Mendeley Liquid Based Cytology (LBC) dataset, the SIPaKMeD Whole Slide Image (WSI) dataset, and the SIPaKMeD Single Cell Image (SCI) dataset, and the results thus yielded are promising. Analysis of the approach using GradCAM-based visual representations and statistical tests, and comparison of the method with existing and baseline models in literature justify the efficacy of the approach.      
### 71.Learn-Explain-Reinforce: Counterfactual Reasoning and Its Guidance to Reinforce an Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09451.pdf)
>  Existing studies on disease diagnostic models focus either on diagnostic model learning for performance improvement or on the visual explanation of a trained diagnostic model. We propose a novel learn-explain-reinforce (LEAR) framework that unifies diagnostic model learning, visual explanation generation (explanation unit), and trained diagnostic model reinforcement (reinforcement unit) guided by the visual explanation. For the visual explanation, we generate a counterfactual map that transforms an input sample to be identified as an intended target label. For example, a counterfactual map can localize hypothetical abnormalities within a normal brain image that may cause it to be diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease (AD). We believe that the generated counterfactual maps represent data-driven and model-induced knowledge about a target task, i.e., AD diagnosis using structural MRI, which can be a vital source of information to reinforce the generalization of the trained diagnostic model. To this end, we devise an attention-based feature refinement module with the guidance of the counterfactual maps. The explanation and reinforcement units are reciprocal and can be operated iteratively. Our proposed approach was validated via qualitative and quantitative analysis on the ADNI dataset. Its comprehensibility and fidelity were demonstrated through ablation studies and comparisons with existing methods.      
### 72.Unsupervised Local Discrimination for Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09440.pdf)
>  Contrastive representation learning is an effective unsupervised method to alleviate the demand for expensive annotated data in medical image processing. Recent work mainly based on instance-wise discrimination to learn global features, while neglect local details, which limit their application in processing tiny anatomical structures, tissues and lesions. Therefore, we aim to propose a universal local discrmination framework to learn local discriminative features to effectively initialize medical models, meanwhile, we systematacially investigate its practical medical applications. Specifically, based on the common property of intra-modality structure similarity, i.e. similar structures are shared among the same modality images, a systematic local feature learning framework is proposed. Instead of making instance-wise comparisons based on global embedding, our method makes pixel-wise embedding and focuses on measuring similarity among patches and regions. The finer contrastive rule makes the learnt representation more generalized for segmentation tasks and outperform extensive state-of-the-art methods by wining 11 out of all 12 downstream tasks in color fundus and chest X-ray. Furthermore, based on the property of inter-modality shape similarity, i.e. structures may share similar shape although in different medical modalities, we joint across-modality shape prior into region discrimination to realize unsupervised segmentation. It shows the feaibility of segmenting target only based on shape description from other modalities and inner pattern similarity provided by region discrimination. Finally, we enhance the center-sensitive ability of patch discrimination by introducing center-sensitive averaging to realize one-shot landmark localization, this is an effective application for patch discrimination.      
### 73.Palmira: A Deep Deformable Network for Instance Segmentation of Dense and Uneven Layouts in Handwritten Manuscripts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09436.pdf)
>  Handwritten documents are often characterized by dense and uneven layout. Despite advances, standard deep network based approaches for semantic layout segmentation are not robust to complex deformations seen across semantic regions. This phenomenon is especially pronounced for the low-resource Indic palm-leaf manuscript domain. To address the issue, we first introduce Indiscapes2, a new large-scale diverse dataset of Indic manuscripts with semantic layout annotations. Indiscapes2 contains documents from four different historical collections and is 150% larger than its predecessor, Indiscapes. We also propose a novel deep network Palmira for robust, deformation-aware instance segmentation of regions in handwritten manuscripts. We also report Hausdorff distance and its variants as a boundary-aware performance measure. Our experiments demonstrate that Palmira provides robust layouts, outperforms strong baseline approaches and ablative variants. We also include qualitative results on Arabic, South-East Asian and Hebrew historical manuscripts to showcase the generalization capability of Palmira.      
### 74.BoundaryNet: An Attentive Deep Network with Fast Marching Distance Maps for Semi-automatic Layout Annotation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09433.pdf)
>  Precise boundary annotations of image regions can be crucial for downstream applications which rely on region-class semantics. Some document collections contain densely laid out, highly irregular and overlapping multi-class region instances with large range in aspect ratio. Fully automatic boundary estimation approaches tend to be data intensive, cannot handle variable-sized images and produce sub-optimal results for aforementioned images. To address these issues, we propose BoundaryNet, a novel resizing-free approach for high-precision semi-automatic layout annotation. The variable-sized user selected region of interest is first processed by an attention-guided skip network. The network optimization is guided via Fast Marching distance maps to obtain a good quality initial boundary estimate and an associated feature representation. These outputs are processed by a Residual Graph Convolution Network optimized using Hausdorff loss to obtain the final region boundary. Results on a challenging image manuscript dataset demonstrate that BoundaryNet outperforms strong baselines and produces high-quality semantic region boundaries. Qualitatively, our approach generalizes across multiple document image datasets containing different script systems and layouts, all without additional fine-tuning. We integrate BoundaryNet into a document annotation system and show that it provides high annotation throughput compared to manual and fully automatic alternatives.      
### 75.ARAPReg: An As-Rigid-As Possible Regularization Loss for Learning Deformable Shape Generators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09432.pdf)
>  This paper introduces an unsupervised loss for training parametric deformation shape generators. The key idea is to enforce the preservation of local rigidity among the generated shapes. Our approach builds on an approximation of the as-rigid-as possible (or ARAP) deformation energy. We show how to develop the unsupervised loss via a spectral decomposition of the Hessian of the ARAP energy. Our loss nicely decouples pose and shape variations through a robust norm. The loss admits simple closed-form expressions. It is easy to train and can be plugged into any standard generation models, e.g., variational auto-encoder (VAE) and auto-decoder (AD). Experimental results show that our approach outperforms existing shape generation approaches considerably on public benchmark datasets of various shape categories such as human, animal and bone.      
### 76.Multi-scale Edge-based U-shape Network for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09408.pdf)
>  Deep-learning based salient object detection methods achieve great improvements. However, there are still problems existing in the predictions, such as blurry boundary and inaccurate location, which is mainly caused by inadequate feature extraction and integration. In this paper, we propose a Multi-scale Edge-based U-shape Network (MEUN) to integrate various features at different scales to achieve better performance. To extract more useful information for boundary prediction, U-shape Edge Network modules are embedded in each decoder units. Besides, the additional down-sampling module alleviates the location inaccuracy. Experimental results on four benchmark datasets demonstrate the validity and reliability of the proposed method. Multi-scale Edge based U-shape Network also shows its superiority when compared with 15 state-of-the-art salient object detection methods.      
### 77.Detecting and Segmenting Adversarial Graphics Patterns from Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09383.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks pose a substantial threat to computer vision system security, but the social media industry constantly faces another form of "adversarial attack" in which the hackers attempt to upload inappropriate images and fool the automated screening systems by adding artificial graphics patterns. In this paper, we formulate the defense against such attacks as an artificial graphics pattern segmentation problem. We evaluate the efficacy of several segmentation algorithms and, based on observation of their performance, propose a new method tailored to this specific problem. Extensive experiments show that the proposed method outperforms the baselines and has a promising generalization capability, which is the most crucial aspect in segmenting artificial graphics patterns.      
### 78.A Multiple-View Geometric Model for Specularity Prediction on Non-Uniformly Curved Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09378.pdf)
>  Specularity prediction is essential to many computer vision applications by giving important visual cues that could be used in Augmented Reality (AR), Simultaneous Localisation and Mapping (SLAM), 3D reconstruction and material modeling, thus improving scene understanding. However, it is a challenging task requiring numerous information from the scene including the camera pose, the geometry of the scene, the light sources and the material properties. Our previous work have addressed this task by creating an explicit model using an ellipsoid whose projection fits the specularity image contours for a given camera pose. These ellipsoid-based approaches belong to a family of models called JOint-LIght MAterial Specularity (JOLIMAS), where we have attempted to gradually remove assumptions on the scene such as the geometry of the specular surfaces. However, our most recent approach is still limited to uniformly curved surfaces. This paper builds upon these methods by generalising JOLIMAS to any surface geometry while improving the quality of specularity prediction, without sacrificing computation performances. The proposed method establishes a link between surface curvature and specularity shape in order to lift the geometric assumptions from previous work. Contrary to previous work, our new model is built from a physics-based local illumination model namely Torrance-Sparrow, providing a better model reconstruction. Specularity prediction using our new model is tested against the most recent JOLIMAS version on both synthetic and real sequences with objects of varying shape curvatures. Our method outperforms previous approaches in specularity prediction, including the real-time setup, as shown in the supplementary material using videos.      
### 79.BlockCopy: High-Resolution Video Processing with Block-Sparse Feature Propagation and Online Policies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09376.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose BlockCopy, a scheme that accelerates pretrained frame-based CNNs to process video more efficiently, compared to standard frame-by-frame processing. To this end, a lightweight policy network determines important regions in an image, and operations are applied on selected regions only, using custom block-sparse convolutions. Features of non-selected regions are simply copied from the preceding frame, reducing the number of computations and latency. The execution policy is trained using reinforcement learning in an online fashion without requiring ground truth annotations. Our universal framework is demonstrated on dense prediction tasks such as pedestrian detection, instance segmentation and semantic segmentation, using both state of the art (Center and Scale Predictor, MGAN, SwiftNet) and standard baseline networks (Mask-RCNN, DeepLabV3+). BlockCopy achieves significant FLOPS savings and inference speedup with minimal impact on accuracy.      
### 80.Patch2CAD: Patchwise Embedding Learning for In-the-Wild Shape Retrieval from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09368.pdf)
>  3D perception of object shapes from RGB image input is fundamental towards semantic scene understanding, grounding image-based perception in our spatially 3-dimensional real-world environments. To achieve a mapping between image views of objects and 3D shapes, we leverage CAD model priors from existing large-scale databases, and propose a novel approach towards constructing a joint embedding space between 2D images and 3D CAD models in a patch-wise fashion -- establishing correspondences between patches of an image view of an object and patches of CAD geometry. This enables part similarity reasoning for retrieving similar CADs to a new image view without exact matches in the database. Our patch embedding provides more robust CAD retrieval for shape estimation in our end-to-end estimation of CAD model shape and pose for detected objects in a single input image. Experiments on in-the-wild, complex imagery from ScanNet show that our approach is more robust than state of the art in real-world scenarios without any exact CAD matches.      
### 81.Early-exit deep neural networks for distorted images: providing an efficient edge offloading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09343.pdf)
>  Edge offloading for deep neural networks (DNNs) can be adaptive to the input's complexity by using early-exit DNNs. These DNNs have side branches throughout their architecture, allowing the inference to end earlier in the edge. The branches estimate the accuracy for a given input. If this estimated accuracy reaches a threshold, the inference ends on the edge. Otherwise, the edge offloads the inference to the cloud to process the remaining DNN layers. However, DNNs for image classification deals with distorted images, which negatively impact the branches' estimated accuracy. Consequently, the edge offloads more inferences to the cloud. This work introduces expert side branches trained on a particular distortion type to improve robustness against image distortion. The edge detects the distortion type and selects appropriate expert branches to perform the inference. This approach increases the estimated accuracy on the edge, improving the offloading decisions. We validate our proposal in a realistic scenario, in which the edge offloads DNN inference to Amazon EC2 instances.      
### 82.LoOp: Looking for Optimal Hard Negative Embeddings for Deep Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09335.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning has been effectively used to learn distance metrics for different visual tasks like image retrieval, clustering, etc. In order to aid the training process, existing methods either use a hard mining strategy to extract the most informative samples or seek to generate hard synthetics using an additional network. Such approaches face different challenges and can lead to biased embeddings in the former case, and (i) harder optimization (ii) slower training speed (iii) higher model complexity in the latter case. In order to overcome these challenges, we propose a novel approach that looks for optimal hard negatives (LoOp) in the embedding space, taking full advantage of each tuple by calculating the minimum distance between a pair of positives and a pair of negatives. Unlike mining-based methods, our approach considers the entire space between pairs of embeddings to calculate the optimal hard negatives. Extensive experiments combining our approach and representative metric learning losses reveal a significant boost in performance on three benchmark datasets.      
### 83.MM-ViT: Multi-Modal Video Transformer for Compressed Video Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09322.pdf)
>  This paper presents a pure transformer-based approach, dubbed the Multi-Modal Video Transformer (MM-ViT), for video action recognition. Different from other schemes which solely utilize the decoded RGB frames, MM-ViT operates exclusively in the compressed video domain and exploits all readily available modalities, i.e., I-frames, motion vectors, residuals and audio waveform. In order to handle the large number of spatiotemporal tokens extracted from multiple modalities, we develop several scalable model variants which factorize self-attention across the space, time and modality dimensions. In addition, to further explore the rich inter-modal interactions and their effects, we develop and compare three distinct cross-modal attention mechanisms that can be seamlessly integrated into the transformer building block. Extensive experiments on three public action recognition benchmarks (UCF-101, Something-Something-v2, Kinetics-600) demonstrate that MM-ViT outperforms the state-of-the-art video transformers in both efficiency and accuracy, and performs better or equally well to the state-of-the-art CNN counterparts with computationally-heavy optical flow.      
### 84.SwinIR: Image Restoration Using Swin Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10257.pdf)
>  Image restoration is a long-standing low-level vision problem that aims to restore high-quality images from low-quality images (e.g., downscaled, noisy and compressed images). While state-of-the-art image restoration methods are based on convolutional neural networks, few attempts have been made with Transformers which show impressive performance on high-level vision tasks. In this paper, we propose a strong baseline model SwinIR for image restoration based on the Swin Transformer. SwinIR consists of three parts: shallow feature extraction, deep feature extraction and high-quality image reconstruction. In particular, the deep feature extraction module is composed of several residual Swin Transformer blocks (RSTB), each of which has several Swin Transformer layers together with a residual connection. We conduct experiments on three representative tasks: image super-resolution (including classical, lightweight and real-world image super-resolution), image denoising (including grayscale and color image denoising) and JPEG compression artifact reduction. Experimental results demonstrate that SwinIR outperforms state-of-the-art methods on different tasks by $\textbf{up to 0.14$\sim$0.45dB}$, while the total number of parameters can be reduced by $\textbf{up to 67%}$.      
### 85.Learned Image Coding for Machines: A Content-Adaptive Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09992.pdf)
>  Today, according to the Cisco Annual Internet Report (2018-2023), the fastest-growing category of Internet traffic is machine-to-machine communication. In particular, machine-to-machine communication of images and videos represents a new challenge and opens up new perspectives in the context of data compression. One possible solution approach consists of adapting current human-targeted image and video coding standards to the use case of machine consumption. Another approach consists of developing completely new compression paradigms and architectures for machine-to-machine communications. In this paper, we focus on image compression and present an inference-time content-adaptive finetuning scheme that optimizes the latent representation of an end-to-end learned image codec, aimed at improving the compression efficiency for machine-consumption. The conducted experiments show that our online finetuning brings an average bitrate saving (BD-rate) of -3.66% with respect to our pretrained image codec. In particular, at low bitrate points, our proposed method results in a significant bitrate saving of -9.85%. Overall, our pretrained-and-then-finetuned system achieves -30.54% BD-rate over the state-of-the-art image/video codec Versatile Video Coding (VVC).      
### 86.Efficient Medical Image Segmentation Based on Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09987.pdf)
>  Recent advances have been made in applying convolutional neural networks to achieve more precise prediction results for medical image segmentation problems. However, the success of existing methods has highly relied on huge computational complexity and massive storage, which is impractical in the real-world scenario. To deal with this problem, we propose an efficient architecture by distilling knowledge from well-trained medical image segmentation networks to train another lightweight network. This architecture empowers the lightweight network to get a significant improvement on segmentation capability while retaining its runtime efficiency. We further devise a novel distillation module tailored for medical image segmentation to transfer semantic region information from teacher to student network. It forces the student network to mimic the extent of difference of representations calculated from different tissue regions. This module avoids the ambiguous boundary problem encountered when dealing with medical imaging but instead encodes the internal information of each semantic region for transferring. Benefited from our module, the lightweight network could receive an improvement of up to 32.6% in our experiment while maintaining its portability in the inference phase. The entire structure has been verified on two widely accepted public CT datasets LiTS17 and KiTS19. We demonstrate that a lightweight network distilled by our method has non-negligible value in the scenario which requires relatively high operating speed and low storage usage.      
### 87.Burst Imaging for Light-Constrained Structure-From-Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09895.pdf)
>  Images captured under extremely low light conditions are noise-limited, which can cause existing robotic vision algorithms to fail. In this paper we develop an image processing technique for aiding 3D reconstruction from images acquired in low light conditions. Our technique, based on burst photography, uses direct methods for image registration within bursts of short exposure time images to improve the robustness and accuracy of feature-based structure-from-motion (SfM). We demonstrate improved SfM performance in challenging light-constrained scenes, including quantitative evaluations that show improved feature performance and camera pose estimates. Additionally, we show that our method converges more frequently to correct reconstructions than the state-of-the-art. Our method is a significant step towards allowing robots to operate in low light conditions, with potential applications to robots operating in environments such as underground mines and night time operation.      
### 88.All-Optical Synthesis of an Arbitrary Linear Transformation Using Diffractive Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09833.pdf)
>  We report the design of diffractive surfaces to all-optically perform arbitrary complex-valued linear transformations between an input (N_i) and output (N_o), where N_i and N_o represent the number of pixels at the input and output fields-of-view (FOVs), respectively. First, we consider a single diffractive surface and use a matrix pseudoinverse-based method to determine the complex-valued transmission coefficients of the diffractive features/neurons to all-optically perform a desired/target linear transformation. In addition to this data-free design approach, we also consider a deep learning-based design method to optimize the transmission coefficients of diffractive surfaces by using examples of input/output fields corresponding to the target transformation. We compared the all-optical transformation errors and diffraction efficiencies achieved using data-free designs as well as data-driven (deep learning-based) diffractive designs to all-optically perform (i) arbitrarily-chosen complex-valued transformations including unitary, nonunitary and noninvertible transforms, (ii) 2D discrete Fourier transformation, (iii) arbitrary 2D permutation operations, and (iv) high-pass filtered coherent imaging. Our analyses reveal that if the total number (N) of spatially-engineered diffractive features/neurons is N_i x N_o or larger, both design methods succeed in all-optical implementation of the target transformation, achieving negligible error. However, compared to data-free designs, deep learning-based diffractive designs are found to achieve significantly larger diffraction efficiencies for a given N and their all-optical transformations are more accurate for N &lt; N_i x N_o. These conclusions are generally applicable to various optical processors that employ spatially-engineered diffractive surfaces.      
### 89.FEDI: Few-shot learning based on Earth Mover's Distance algorithm combined with deep residual network to identify diabetic retinopathy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09711.pdf)
>  Diabetic retinopathy(DR) is the main cause of blindness in diabetic patients. However, DR can easily delay the occurrence of blindness through the diagnosis of the fundus. In view of the reality, it is difficult to collect a large amount of diabetic retina data in clinical practice. This paper proposes a few-shot learning model of a deep residual network based on Earth Mover's Distance algorithm to assist in diagnosing DR. We build training and validation classification tasks for few-shot learning based on 39 categories of 1000 sample data, train deep residual networks, and obtain experience maximization pre-training models. Based on the weights of the pre-trained model, the Earth Mover's Distance algorithm calculates the distance between the images, obtains the similarity between the images, and changes the model's parameters to improve the accuracy of the training model. Finally, the experimental construction of the small sample classification task of the test set to optimize the model further, and finally, an accuracy of 93.5667% on the 3way10shot task of the diabetic retina test set. For the experimental code and results, please refer to: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/panliangrui/few-shot-learning-funds" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 90.Deep survival analysis with longitudinal X-rays for COVID-19  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09641.pdf)
>  Time-to-event analysis is an important statistical tool for allocating clinical resources such as ICU beds. However, classical techniques like the Cox model cannot directly incorporate images due to their high dimensionality. We propose a deep learning approach that naturally incorporates multiple, time-dependent imaging studies as well as non-imaging data into time-to-event analysis. Our techniques are benchmarked on a clinical dataset of 1,894 COVID-19 patients, and show that image sequences significantly improve predictions. For example, classical time-to-event methods produce a concordance error of around 30-40% for predicting hospital admission, while our error is 25% without images and 20% with multiple X-rays included. Ablation studies suggest that our models are not learning spurious features such as scanner artifacts. While our focus and evaluation is on COVID-19, the methods we develop are broadly applicable.      
### 91.SERF: Towards better training of deep neural networks using log-Softplus ERror activation Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09598.pdf)
>  Activation functions play a pivotal role in determining the training dynamics and neural network performance. The widely adopted activation function ReLU despite being simple and effective has few disadvantages including the Dying ReLU problem. In order to tackle such problems, we propose a novel activation function called Serf which is self-regularized and nonmonotonic in nature. Like Mish, Serf also belongs to the Swish family of functions. Based on several experiments on computer vision (image classification and object detection) and natural language processing (machine translation, sentiment classification and multimodal entailment) tasks with different state-of-the-art architectures, it is observed that Serf vastly outperforms ReLU (baseline) and other activation functions including both Swish and Mish, with a markedly bigger margin on deeper architectures. Ablation studies further demonstrate that Serf based architectures perform better than those of Swish and Mish in varying scenarios, validating the effectiveness and compatibility of Serf with varying depth, complexity, optimizers, learning rates, batch sizes, initializers and dropout rates. Finally, we investigate the mathematical relation between Swish and Serf, thereby showing the impact of preconditioner function ingrained in the first derivative of Serf which provides a regularization effect making gradients smoother and optimization faster.      
### 92.Multimodal Breast Lesion Classification Using Cross-Attention Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09591.pdf)
>  Accurate breast lesion risk estimation can significantly reduce unnecessary biopsies and help doctors decide optimal treatment plans. Most existing computer-aided systems rely solely on mammogram features to classify breast lesions. While this approach is convenient, it does not fully exploit useful information in clinical reports to achieve the optimal performance. Would clinical features significantly improve breast lesion classification compared to using mammograms alone? How to handle missing clinical information caused by variation in medical practice? What is the best way to combine mammograms and clinical features? There is a compelling need for a systematic study to address these fundamental questions. This paper investigates several multimodal deep networks based on feature concatenation, cross-attention, and co-attention to combine mammograms and categorical clinical variables. We show that the proposed architectures significantly increase the lesion classification performance (average area under ROC curves from 0.89 to 0.94). We also evaluate the model when clinical variables are missing.      
### 93.Variable-Rate Deep Image Compression through Spatially-Adaptive Feature Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09551.pdf)
>  We propose a versatile deep image compression network based on Spatial Feature Transform (SFT <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="1804.02815" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1804.02815">arXiv:1804.02815</a>), which takes a source image and a corresponding quality map as inputs and produce a compressed image with variable rates. Our model covers a wide range of compression rates using a single model, which is controlled by arbitrary pixel-wise quality maps. In addition, the proposed framework allows us to perform task-aware image compressions for various tasks, e.g., classification, by efficiently estimating optimized quality maps specific to target tasks for our encoding network. This is even possible with a pretrained network without learning separate models for individual tasks. Our algorithm achieves outstanding rate-distortion trade-off compared to the approaches based on multiple models that are optimized separately for several different target rates. At the same level of compression, the proposed approach successfully improves performance on image classification and text region quality preservation via task-aware quality map estimation without additional model training. The code is available at the project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/micmic123/QmapCompression" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 94.Systematic Clinical Evaluation of A Deep Learning Method for Medical Image Segmentation: Radiosurgery Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09535.pdf)
>  We systematically evaluate a Deep Learning (DL) method in a 3D medical image segmentation task. Our segmentation method is integrated into the radiosurgery treatment process and directly impacts the clinical workflow. With our method, we address the relative drawbacks of manual segmentation: high inter-rater contouring variability and high time consumption of the contouring process. The main extension over the existing evaluations is the careful and detailed analysis that could be further generalized on other medical image segmentation tasks. Firstly, we analyze the changes in the inter-rater detection agreement. We show that the segmentation model reduces the ratio of detection disagreements from 0.162 to 0.085 (p &lt; 0.05). Secondly, we show that the model improves the inter-rater contouring agreement from 0.845 to 0.871 surface Dice Score (p &lt; 0.05). Thirdly, we show that the model accelerates the delineation process in between 1.6 and 2.0 times (p &lt; 0.05). Finally, we design the setup of the clinical experiment to either exclude or estimate the evaluation biases, thus preserve the significance of the results. Besides the clinical evaluation, we also summarize the intuitions and practical ideas for building an efficient DL-based model for 3D medical image segmentation.      
### 95.Flikcer -- A Chrome Extension to Resolve Online Epileptogenic Visual Content with Real-Time Luminance Frequency Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09491.pdf)
>  Video content with fast luminance variations, or with spatial patterns of high contrast - referred to as epileptogenic visual content - may induce seizures on viewers with photosensitive epilepsy, and even cause discomfort in users not affected by this disease. Flikcer is a web app in the form of a website and chrome extension which aims to resolve epileptic content in videos. It provides the number of possible triggers for a seizure. It also provides the timestamps for these triggers along with a safer version of the video, free to download. The algorithm is written in Python and uses machine learning and computer vision. A key aspect of the algorithm is its computational efficiency, allowing real time implementation for public users.      
### 96.Grid-VLP: Revisiting Grid Features for Vision-Language Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09479.pdf)
>  Existing approaches to vision-language pre-training (VLP) heavily rely on an object detector based on bounding boxes (regions), where salient objects are first detected from images and then a Transformer-based model is used for cross-modal fusion. Despite their superior performance, these approaches are bounded by the capability of the object detector in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. Besides, the presence of object detection imposes unnecessary constraints on model designs and makes it difficult to support end-to-end training. In this paper, we revisit grid-based convolutional features for vision-language pre-training, skipping the expensive region-related steps. We propose a simple yet effective grid-based VLP method that works surprisingly well with the grid features. By pre-training only with in-domain datasets, the proposed Grid-VLP method can outperform most competitive region-based VLP methods on three examined vision-language understanding tasks. We hope that our findings help to further advance the state of the art of vision-language pre-training, and provide a new direction towards effective and efficient VLP.      
### 97.L3C-Stereo: Lossless Compression for Stereo Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09422.pdf)
>  A large number of autonomous driving tasks need high-definition stereo images, which requires a large amount of storage space. Efficiently executing lossless compression has become a practical problem. Commonly, it is hard to make accurate probability estimates for each pixel. To tackle this, we propose L3C-Stereo, a multi-scale lossless compression model consisting of two main modules: the warping module and the probability estimation module. The warping module takes advantage of two view feature maps from the same domain to generate a disparity map, which is used to reconstruct the right view so as to improve the confidence of the probability estimate of the right view. The probability estimation module provides pixel-wise logistic mixture distributions for adaptive arithmetic coding. In the experiments, our method outperforms the hand-crafted compression methods and the learning-based method on all three datasets used. Then, we show that a better maximum disparity can lead to a better compression effect. Furthermore, thanks to a compression property of our model, it naturally generates a disparity map of an acceptable quality for the subsequent stereo tasks.      
### 98.Integer-arithmetic-only Certified Robustness for Quantized Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09413.pdf)
>  Adversarial data examples have drawn significant attention from the machine learning and security communities. A line of work on tackling adversarial examples is certified robustness via randomized smoothing that can provide a theoretical robustness guarantee. However, such a mechanism usually uses floating-point arithmetic for calculations in inference and requires large memory footprints and daunting computational costs. These defensive models cannot run efficiently on edge devices nor be deployed on integer-only logical units such as Turing Tensor Cores or integer-only ARM processors. To overcome these challenges, we propose an integer randomized smoothing approach with quantization to convert any classifier into a new smoothed classifier, which uses integer-only arithmetic for certified robustness against adversarial perturbations. We prove a tight robustness guarantee under L2-norm for the proposed approach. We show our approach can obtain a comparable accuracy and 4x~5x speedup over floating-point arithmetic certified robust methods on general-purpose CPUs and mobile devices on two distinct datasets (CIFAR-10 and Caltech-101).      
### 99.SemiFed: Semi-supervised Federated Learning with Consistency and Pseudo-Labeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09412.pdf)
>  Federated learning enables multiple clients, such as mobile phones and organizations, to collaboratively learn a shared model for prediction while protecting local data privacy. However, most recent research and applications of federated learning assume that all clients have fully labeled data, which is impractical in real-world settings. In this work, we focus on a new scenario for cross-silo federated learning, where data samples of each client are partially labeled. We borrow ideas from semi-supervised learning methods where a large amount of unlabeled data is utilized to improve the model's accuracy despite limited access to labeled examples. We propose a new framework dubbed SemiFed that unifies two dominant approaches for semi-supervised learning: consistency regularization and pseudo-labeling. SemiFed first applies advanced data augmentation techniques to enforce consistency regularization and then generates pseudo-labels using the model's predictions during training. SemiFed takes advantage of the federation so that for a given image, the pseudo-label holds only if multiple models from different clients produce a high-confidence prediction and agree on the same label. Extensive experiments on two image benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach under both homogeneous and heterogeneous data distribution settings      
### 100.Beyond Tracking: Using Deep Learning to Discover Novel Interactions in Biological Swarms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09394.pdf)
>  Most deep-learning frameworks for understanding biological swarms are designed to fit perceptive models of group behavior to individual-level data (e.g., spatial coordinates of identified features of individuals) that have been separately gathered from video observations. Despite considerable advances in automated tracking, these methods are still very expensive or unreliable when tracking large numbers of animals simultaneously. Moreover, this approach assumes that the human-chosen features include sufficient features to explain important patterns in collective behavior. To address these issues, we propose training deep network models to predict system-level states directly from generic graphical features from the entire view, which can be relatively inexpensive to gather in a completely automated fashion. Because the resulting predictive models are not based on human-understood predictors, we use explanatory modules (e.g., Grad-CAM) that combine information hidden in the latent variables of the deep-network model with the video data itself to communicate to a human observer which aspects of observed individual behaviors are most informative in predicting group behavior. This represents an example of augmented intelligence in behavioral ecology -- knowledge co-creation in a human-AI team. As proof of concept, we utilize a 20-day video recording of a colony of over 50 Harpegnathos saltator ants to showcase that, without any individual annotations provided, a trained model can generate an "importance map" across the video frames to highlight regions of important behaviors, such as dueling (which the AI has no a priori knowledge of), that play a role in the resolution of reproductive-hierarchy re-formation. Based on the empirical results, we also discuss the potential use and current challenges.      
### 101.Fourier Neural Operator Networks: A Fast and General Solver for the Photoacoustic Wave Equation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09374.pdf)
>  Simulation tools for photoacoustic wave propagation have played a key role in advancing photoacoustic imaging by providing quantitative and qualitative insights into parameters affecting image quality. Classical methods for numerically solving the photoacoustic wave equation relies on a fine discretization of space and can become computationally expensive for large computational grids. In this work, we apply Fourier Neural Operator (FNO) networks as a fast data-driven deep learning method for solving the 2D photoacoustic wave equation in a homogeneous medium. Comparisons between the FNO network and pseudo-spectral time domain approach demonstrated that the FNO network generated comparable simulations with small errors and was several orders of magnitude faster. Moreover, the FNO network was generalizable and can generate simulations not observed in the training data.      
### 102.OSRM-CCTV: Open-source CCTV-aware routing and navigation system for privacy, anonymity and safety (Preprint)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09369.pdf)
>  For the last several decades, the increased, widespread, unwarranted, and unaccountable use of Closed-Circuit TeleVision (CCTV) cameras globally has raised concerns about privacy risks. Additional recent features of many CCTV cameras, such as Internet of Things (IoT) connectivity and Artificial Intelligence (AI)-based facial recognition, only increase concerns among privacy advocates. Therefore, on par \emph{CCTV-aware solutions} must exist that provide privacy, safety, and cybersecurity features. We argue that an important step forward is to develop solutions addressing privacy concerns via routing and navigation systems (e.g., OpenStreetMap, Google Maps) that provide both privacy and safety options for areas where cameras are known to be present. However, at present no routing and navigation system, whether online or offline, provide corresponding CCTV-aware functionality. <br>In this paper we introduce OSRM-CCTV -- the first and only CCTV-aware routing and navigation system designed and built for privacy, anonymity and safety applications. We validate and demonstrate the effectiveness and usability of the system on a handful of synthetic and real-world examples. To help validate our work as well as to further encourage the development and wide adoption of the system, we release OSRM-CCTV as open-source.      
### 103.Influence Selection for Active Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09331.pdf)
>  The existing active learning methods select the samples by evaluating the sample's uncertainty or its effect on the diversity of labeled datasets based on different task-specific or model-specific criteria. In this paper, we propose the Influence Selection for Active Learning(ISAL) which selects the unlabeled samples that can provide the most positive Influence on model performance. To obtain the Influence of the unlabeled sample in the active learning scenario, we design the Untrained Unlabeled sample Influence Calculation(UUIC) to estimate the unlabeled sample's expected gradient with which we calculate its Influence. To prove the effectiveness of UUIC, we provide both theoretical and experimental analyses. Since the UUIC just depends on the model gradients, which can be obtained easily from any neural network, our active learning algorithm is task-agnostic and model-agnostic. ISAL achieves state-of-the-art performance in different active learning settings for different tasks with different datasets. Compared with previous methods, our method decreases the annotation cost at least by 12%, 13% and 16% on CIFAR10, VOC2012 and COCO, respectively.      
### 104.D-DARTS: Distributed Differentiable Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.09306.pdf)
>  Differentiable ARchiTecture Search (DARTS) is one of the most trending Neural Architecture Search (NAS) methods, drastically reducing search cost by resorting to Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) and weight-sharing. However, it also greatly reduces the search space, thus excluding potential promising architectures from being discovered. In this paper, we propose D-DARTS, a novel solution that addresses this problem by nesting several neural networks at cell-level instead of using weight-sharing to produce more diversified and specialized architectures. Moreover, we introduce a novel algorithm which can derive deeper architectures from a few trained cells, increasing performance and saving computation time. Our solution is able to provide state-of-the-art results on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and ImageNet while using significantly less parameters than previous baselines, resulting in more hardware-efficient neural networks.      
