# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 3 Aug 2021
### 1.SDEdit: Image Synthesis and Editing with Stochastic Differential Equations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01073.pdf)
>  We introduce a new image editing and synthesis framework, Stochastic Differential Editing (SDEdit), based on a recent generative model using stochastic differential equations (SDEs). Given an input image with user edits (e.g., hand-drawn color strokes), we first add noise to the input according to an SDE, and subsequently denoise it by simulating the reverse SDE to gradually increase its likelihood under the prior. Our method does not require task-specific loss function designs, which are critical components for recent image editing methods based on GAN inversion. Compared to conditional GANs, we do not need to collect new datasets of original and edited images for new applications. Therefore, our method can quickly adapt to various editing tasks at test time without re-training models. Our approach achieves strong performance on a wide range of applications, including image synthesis and editing guided by stroke paintings and image compositing.      
### 2.S$^2$-MLPv2: Improved Spatial-Shift MLP Architecture for Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01072.pdf)
>  Recently, MLP-based vision backbones emerge. MLP-based vision architectures with less inductive bias achieve competitive performance in image recognition compared with CNNs and vision Transformers. Among them, spatial-shift MLP (S$^2$-MLP), adopting the straightforward spatial-shift operation, achieves better performance than the pioneering works including MLP-mixer and ResMLP. More recently, using smaller patches with a pyramid structure, Vision Permutator (ViP) and Global Filter Network (GFNet) achieve better performance than S$^2$-MLP. <br>In this paper, we improve the S$^2$-MLP vision backbone. We expand the feature map along the channel dimension and split the expanded feature map into several parts. We conduct different spatial-shift operations on split parts. <br>Meanwhile, we exploit the split-attention operation to fuse these split parts. Moreover, like the counterparts, we adopt smaller-scale patches and use a pyramid structure for boosting the image recognition accuracy. We term the improved spatial-shift MLP vision backbone as S$^2$-MLPv2. Using 55M parameters, our medium-scale model, S$^2$-MLPv2-Medium achieves an $83.6\%$ top-1 accuracy on the ImageNet-1K benchmark using $224\times 224$ images without self-attention and external training data.      
### 3.Finding Discriminative Filters for Specific Degradations in Blind Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01070.pdf)
>  Recent blind super-resolution (SR) methods typically consist of two branches, one for degradation prediction and the other for conditional restoration. However, our experiments show that a one-branch network can achieve comparable performance to the two-branch scheme. Then we wonder: how can one-branch networks automatically learn to distinguish degradations? To find the answer, we propose a new diagnostic tool -- Filter Attribution method based on Integral Gradient (FAIG). Unlike previous integral gradient methods, our FAIG aims at finding the most discriminative filters instead of input pixels/features for degradation removal in blind SR networks. With the discovered filters, we further develop a simple yet effective method to predict the degradation of an input image. Based on FAIG, we show that, in one-branch blind SR networks, 1) we are able to find a very small number of (1%) discriminative filters for each specific degradation; 2) The weights, locations and connections of the discovered filters are all important to determine the specific network function. 3) The task of degradation prediction can be implicitly realized by these discriminative filters without explicit supervised learning. Our findings can not only help us better understand network behaviors inside one-branch blind SR networks, but also provide guidance on designing more efficient architectures and diagnosing networks for blind SR.      
### 4.Forward-Looking Sonar Patch Matching: Modern CNNs, Ensembling, and Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01066.pdf)
>  Application of underwater robots are on the rise, most of them are dependent on sonar for underwater vision, but the lack of strong perception capabilities limits them in this task. An important issue in sonar perception is matching image patches, which can enable other techniques like localization, change detection, and mapping. There is a rich literature for this problem in color images, but for acoustic images, it is lacking, due to the physics that produce these images. In this paper we improve on our previous results for this problem (Valdenegro-Toro et al, 2017), instead of modeling features manually, a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) learns a similarity function and predicts if two input sonar images are similar or not. With the objective of improving the sonar image matching problem further, three state of the art CNN architectures are evaluated on the Marine Debris dataset, namely DenseNet, and VGG, with a siamese or two-channel architecture, and contrastive loss. To ensure a fair evaluation of each network, thorough hyper-parameter optimization is executed. We find that the best performing models are DenseNet Two-Channel network with 0.955 AUC, VGG-Siamese with contrastive loss at 0.949 AUC and DenseNet Siamese with 0.921 AUC. By ensembling the top performing DenseNet two-channel and DenseNet-Siamese models overall highest prediction accuracy obtained is 0.978 AUC, showing a large improvement over the 0.91 AUC in the state of the art.      
### 5.Distributed Attention for Grounded Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01056.pdf)
>  We study the problem of weakly supervised grounded image captioning. That is, given an image, the goal is to automatically generate a sentence describing the context of the image with each noun word grounded to the corresponding region in the image. This task is challenging due to the lack of explicit fine-grained region word alignments as supervision. Previous weakly supervised methods mainly explore various kinds of regularization schemes to improve attention accuracy. However, their performances are still far from the fully supervised ones. One main issue that has been ignored is that the attention for generating visually groundable words may only focus on the most discriminate parts and can not cover the whole object. To this end, we propose a simple yet effective method to alleviate the issue, termed as partial grounding problem in our paper. Specifically, we design a distributed attention mechanism to enforce the network to aggregate information from multiple spatially different regions with consistent semantics while generating the words. Therefore, the union of the focused region proposals should form a visual region that encloses the object of interest completely. Extensive experiments have demonstrated the superiority of our proposed method compared with the state-of-the-arts.      
### 6.Wood-leaf classification of tree point cloud based on intensity and geometrical information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01002.pdf)
>  Terrestrial laser scanning (TLS) can obtain tree point cloud with high precision and high density. Efficient classification of wood points and leaf points is essential to study tree structural parameters and ecological characteristics. By using both the intensity and spatial information, a three-step classification and verification method was proposed to achieve automated wood-leaf classification. Tree point cloud was classified into wood points and leaf points by using intensity threshold, neighborhood density and voxelization successively. Experiment was carried in Haidian Park, Beijing, and 24 trees were scanned by using the RIEGL VZ-400 scanner. The tree point clouds were processed by using the proposed method, whose classification results were compared with the manual classification results which were used as standard results. To evaluate the classification accuracy, three indicators were used in the experiment, which are Overall Accuracy (OA), Kappa coefficient (Kappa) and Matthews correlation coefficient (MCC). The ranges of OA, Kappa and MCC of the proposed method are from 0.9167 to 0.9872, from 0.7276 to 0.9191, and from 0.7544 to 0.9211 respectively. The average values of OA, Kappa and MCC are 0.9550, 0.8547 and 0.8627 respectively. Time cost of wood-leaf classification was also recorded to evaluate the algorithm efficiency. The average processing time are 1.4 seconds per million points. The results showed that the proposed method performed well automatically and quickly on wood-leaf classification based on the experimental dataset.      
### 7.My Eyes Are Up Here: Promoting Focus on Uncovered Regions in Masked Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00996.pdf)
>  The recent Covid-19 pandemic and the fact that wearing masks in public is now mandatory in several countries, created challenges in the use of face recognition systems (FRS). In this work, we address the challenge of masked face recognition (MFR) and focus on evaluating the verification performance in FRS when verifying masked vs unmasked faces compared to verifying only unmasked faces. We propose a methodology that combines the traditional triplet loss and the mean squared error (MSE) intending to improve the robustness of an MFR system in the masked-unmasked comparison mode. The results obtained by our proposed method show improvements in a detailed step-wise ablation study. The conducted study showed significant performance gains induced by our proposed training paradigm and modified triplet loss on two evaluation databases.      
### 8.Multilevel Knowledge Transfer for Cross-Domain Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00977.pdf)
>  Domain shift is a well known problem where a model trained on a particular domain (source) does not perform well when exposed to samples from a different domain (target). Unsupervised methods that can adapt to domain shift are highly desirable as they allow effective utilization of the source data without requiring additional annotated training data from the target. Practically, obtaining sufficient amount of annotated data from the target domain can be both infeasible and extremely expensive. In this work, we address the domain shift problem for the object detection task. Our approach relies on gradually removing the domain shift between the source and the target domains. The key ingredients to our approach are -- (a) mapping the source to the target domain on pixel-level; (b) training a teacher network on the mapped source and the unannotated target domain using adversarial feature alignment; and (c) finally training a student network using the pseudo-labels obtained from the teacher. Experimentally, when tested on challenging scenarios involving domain shift, we consistently obtain significantly large performance gains over various recent state of the art approaches.      
### 9.Reliable Semantic Segmentation with Superpixel-Mix  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00968.pdf)
>  Along with predictive performance and runtime speed, reliability is a key requirement for real-world semantic segmentation. Reliability encompasses robustness, predictive uncertainty and reduced bias. To improve reliability, we introduce Superpixel-mix, a new superpixel-based data augmentation method with teacher-student consistency training. Unlike other mixing-based augmentation techniques, mixing superpixels between images is aware of object boundaries, while yielding consistent gains in segmentation accuracy. Our proposed technique achieves state-of-the-art results in semi-supervised semantic segmentation on the Cityscapes dataset. Moreover, Superpixel-mix improves the reliability of semantic segmentation by reducing network uncertainty and bias, as confirmed by competitive results under strong distributions shift (adverse weather, image corruptions) and when facing out-of-distribution data.      
### 10.An Applied Deep Learning Approach for Estimating Soybean Relative Maturity from UAV Imagery to Aid Plant Breeding Decisions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00952.pdf)
>  For a global breeding organization, identifying the next generation of superior crops is vital for its success. Recognizing new genetic varieties requires years of in-field testing to gather data about the crop's yield, pest resistance, heat resistance, etc. At the conclusion of the growing season, organizations need to determine which varieties will be advanced to the next growing season (or sold to farmers) and which ones will be discarded from the candidate pool. Specifically for soybeans, identifying their relative maturity is a vital piece of information used for advancement decisions. However, this trait needs to be physically observed, and there are resource limitations (time, money, etc.) that bottleneck the data collection process. To combat this, breeding organizations are moving toward advanced image capturing devices. In this paper, we develop a robust and automatic approach for estimating the relative maturity of soybeans using a time series of UAV images. An end-to-end hybrid model combining Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) is proposed to extract features and capture the sequential behavior of time series data. The proposed deep learning model was tested on six different environments across the United States. Results suggest the effectiveness of our proposed CNN-LSTM model compared to the local regression method. Furthermore, we demonstrate how this newfound information can be used to aid in plant breeding advancement decisions.      
### 11.StyleGAN-NADA: CLIP-Guided Domain Adaptation of Image Generators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00946.pdf)
>  Can a generative model be trained to produce images from a specific domain, guided by a text prompt only, without seeing any image? In other words: can an image generator be trained blindly? Leveraging the semantic power of large scale Contrastive-Language-Image-Pre-training (CLIP) models, we present a text-driven method that allows shifting a generative model to new domains, without having to collect even a single image from those domains. We show that through natural language prompts and a few minutes of training, our method can adapt a generator across a multitude of domains characterized by diverse styles and shapes. Notably, many of these modifications would be difficult or outright impossible to reach with existing methods. We conduct an extensive set of experiments and comparisons across a wide range of domains. These demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach and show that our shifted models maintain the latent-space properties that make generative models appealing for downstream tasks.      
### 12.I2V-GAN: Unpaired Infrared-to-Visible Video Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00913.pdf)
>  Human vision is often adversely affected by complex environmental factors, especially in night vision scenarios. Thus, infrared cameras are often leveraged to help enhance the visual effects via detecting infrared radiation in the surrounding environment, but the infrared videos are undesirable due to the lack of detailed semantic information. In such a case, an effective video-to-video translation method from the infrared domain to the visible light counterpart is strongly needed by overcoming the intrinsic huge gap between infrared and visible fields. To address this challenging problem, we propose an infrared-to-visible (I2V) video translation method I2V-GAN to generate fine-grained and spatial-temporal consistent visible light videos by given unpaired infrared videos. Technically, our model capitalizes on three types of constraints: 1)adversarial constraint to generate synthetic frames that are similar to the real ones, 2)cyclic consistency with the introduced perceptual loss for effective content conversion as well as style preservation, and 3)similarity constraints across and within domains to enhance the content and motion consistency in both spatial and temporal spaces at a fine-grained level. Furthermore, the current public available infrared and visible light datasets are mainly used for object detection or tracking, and some are composed of discontinuous images which are not suitable for video tasks. Thus, we provide a new dataset for I2V video translation, which is named IRVI. Specifically, it has 12 consecutive video clips of vehicle and monitoring scenes, and both infrared and visible light videos could be apart into 24352 frames. Comprehensive experiments validate that I2V-GAN is superior to the compared SOTA methods in the translation of I2V videos with higher fluency and finer semantic details. The code and IRVI dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BIT-DA/I2V-GAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Shallow Attention Network for Polyp Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00882.pdf)
>  Accurate polyp segmentation is of great importance for colorectal cancer diagnosis. However, even with a powerful deep neural network, there still exists three big challenges that impede the development of polyp segmentation. (i) Samples collected under different conditions show inconsistent colors, causing the feature distribution gap and overfitting issue; (ii) Due to repeated feature downsampling, small polyps are easily degraded; (iii) Foreground and background pixels are imbalanced, leading to a biased training. To address the above issues, we propose the Shallow Attention Network (SANet) for polyp segmentation. Specifically, to eliminate the effects of color, we design the color exchange operation to decouple the image contents and colors, and force the model to focus more on the target shape and structure. Furthermore, to enhance the segmentation quality of small polyps, we propose the shallow attention module to filter out the background noise of shallow features. Thanks to the high resolution of shallow features, small polyps can be preserved correctly. In addition, to ease the severe pixel imbalance for small polyps, we propose a probability correction strategy (PCS) during the inference phase. Note that even though PCS is not involved in the training phase, it can still work well on a biased model and consistently improve the segmentation performance. Quantitative and qualitative experimental results on five challenging benchmarks confirm that our proposed SANet outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods by a large margin and achieves a speed about 72FPS.      
### 14.Shallow Feature Matters for Weakly Supervised Object Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00873.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised object localization (WSOL) aims to localize objects by only utilizing image-level labels. Class activation maps (CAMs) are the commonly used features to achieve WSOL. However, previous CAM-based methods did not take full advantage of the shallow features, despite their importance for WSOL. Because shallow features are easily buried in background noise through conventional fusion. In this paper, we propose a simple but effective Shallow feature-aware Pseudo supervised Object Localization (SPOL) model for accurate WSOL, which makes the utmost of low-level features embedded in shallow layers. In practice, our SPOL model first generates the CAMs through a novel element-wise multiplication of shallow and deep feature maps, which filters the background noise and generates sharper boundaries robustly. Besides, we further propose a general class-agnostic segmentation model to achieve the accurate object mask, by only using the initial CAMs as the pseudo label without any extra annotation. Eventually, a bounding box extractor is applied to the object mask to locate the target. Experiments verify that our SPOL outperforms the state-of-the-art on both CUB-200 and ImageNet-1K benchmarks, achieving 93.44% and 67.15% (i.e., 3.93% and 2.13% improvement) Top-5 localization accuracy, respectively.      
### 15.Constrained Graphic Layout Generation via Latent Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00871.pdf)
>  It is common in graphic design humans visually arrange various elements according to their design intent and semantics. For example, a title text almost always appears on top of other elements in a document. In this work, we generate graphic layouts that can flexibly incorporate such design semantics, either specified implicitly or explicitly by a user. We optimize using the latent space of an off-the-shelf layout generation model, allowing our approach to be complementary to and used with existing layout generation models. Our approach builds on a generative layout model based on a Transformer architecture, and formulates the layout generation as a constrained optimization problem where design constraints are used for element alignment, overlap avoidance, or any other user-specified relationship. We show in the experiments that our approach is capable of generating realistic layouts in both constrained and unconstrained generation tasks with a single model. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ktrk115/const_layout" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 16.U-GAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for COVID-19 Outcome Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00860.pdf)
>  During the first wave of COVID-19, hospitals were overwhelmed with the high number of admitted patients. An accurate prediction of the most likely individual disease progression can improve the planning of limited resources and finding the optimal treatment for patients. However, when dealing with a newly emerging disease such as COVID-19, the impact of patient- and disease-specific factors (e.g. body weight or known co-morbidities) on the immediate course of disease is by and large unknown. In the case of COVID-19, the need for intensive care unit (ICU) admission of pneumonia patients is often determined only by acute indicators such as vital signs (e.g. breathing rate, blood oxygen levels), whereas statistical analysis and decision support systems that integrate all of the available data could enable an earlier prognosis. To this end, we propose a holistic graph-based approach combining both imaging and non-imaging information. Specifically, we introduce a multimodal similarity metric to build a population graph for clustering patients and an image-based end-to-end Graph Attention Network to process this graph and predict the COVID-19 patient outcomes: admission to ICU, need for ventilation and mortality. Additionally, the network segments chest CT images as an auxiliary task and extracts image features and radiomics for feature fusion with the available metadata. Results on a dataset collected in Klinikum rechts der Isar in Munich, Germany show that our approach outperforms single modality and non-graph baselines. Moreover, our clustering and graph attention allow for increased understanding of the patient relationships within the population graph and provide insight into the network's decision-making process.      
### 17.Learn to Match: Automatic Matching Network Design for Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00803.pdf)
>  Siamese tracking has achieved groundbreaking performance in recent years, where the essence is the efficient matching operator cross-correlation and its variants. Besides the remarkable success, it is important to note that the heuristic matching network design relies heavily on expert experience. Moreover, we experimentally find that one sole matching operator is difficult to guarantee stable tracking in all challenging environments. Thus, in this work, we introduce six novel matching operators from the perspective of feature fusion instead of explicit similarity learning, namely Concatenation, Pointwise-Addition, Pairwise-Relation, FiLM, Simple-Transformer and Transductive-Guidance, to explore more feasibility on matching operator selection. The analyses reveal these operators' selective adaptability on different environment degradation types, which inspires us to combine them to explore complementary features. To this end, we propose binary channel manipulation (BCM) to search for the optimal combination of these operators. BCM determines to retrain or discard one operator by learning its contribution to other tracking steps. By inserting the learned matching networks to a strong baseline tracker Ocean, our model achieves favorable gains by $67.2 \rightarrow 71.4$, $52.6 \rightarrow 58.3$, $70.3 \rightarrow 76.0$ success on OTB100, LaSOT, and TrackingNet, respectively. Notably, Our tracker, dubbed AutoMatch, uses less than half of training data/time than the baseline tracker, and runs at 50 FPS using PyTorch. Code and model will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JudasDie/SOTS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Training face verification models from generated face identity data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00800.pdf)
>  Machine learning tools are becoming increasingly powerful and widely used. Unfortunately membership attacks, which seek to uncover information from data sets used in machine learning, have the potential to limit data sharing. In this paper we consider an approach to increase the privacy protection of data sets, as applied to face recognition. Using an auxiliary face recognition model, we build on the StyleGAN generative adversarial network and feed it with latent codes combining two distinct sub-codes, one encoding visual identity factors, and, the other, non-identity factors. By independently varying these vectors during image generation, we create a synthetic data set of fictitious face identities. We use this data set to train a face recognition model. The model performance degrades in comparison to the state-of-the-art of face verification. When tested with a simple membership attack our model provides good privacy protection, however the model performance degrades in comparison to the state-of-the-art of face verification. We find that the addition of a small amount of private data greatly improves the performance of our model, which highlights the limitations of using synthetic data to train machine learning models.      
### 19.Towards Robust Object Detection: Bayesian RetinaNet for Homoscedastic Aleatoric Uncertainty Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00784.pdf)
>  According to recent studies, commonly used computer vision datasets contain about 4% of label errors. For example, the COCO dataset is known for its high level of noise in data labels, which limits its use for training robust neural deep architectures in a real-world scenario. To model such a noise, in this paper we have proposed the homoscedastic aleatoric uncertainty estimation, and present a series of novel loss functions to address the problem of image object detection at scale. Specifically, the proposed functions are based on Bayesian inference and we have incorporated them into the common community-adopted object detection deep learning architecture RetinaNet. We have also shown that modeling of homoscedastic aleatoric uncertainty using our novel functions allows to increase the model interpretability and to improve the object detection performance being evaluated on the COCO dataset.      
### 20.Angle Based Feature Learning in GNN for 3D Object Detection using Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00780.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present new feature encoding methods for Detection of 3D objects in point clouds. We used a graph neural network (GNN) for Detection of 3D objects namely cars, pedestrians, and cyclists. Feature encoding is one of the important steps in Detection of 3D objects. The dataset used is point cloud data which is irregular and unstructured and it needs to be encoded in such a way that ensures better feature encapsulation. Earlier works have used relative distance as one of the methods to encode the features. These methods are not resistant to rotation variance problems in Graph Neural Networks. We have included angular-based measures while performing feature encoding in graph neural networks. Along with that, we have performed a comparison between other methods like Absolute, Relative, Euclidean distances, and a combination of the Angle and Relative methods. The model is trained and evaluated on the subset of the KITTI object detection benchmark dataset under resource constraints. Our results demonstrate that a combination of angle measures and relative distance has performed better than other methods. In comparison to the baseline method(relative), it achieved better performance. We also performed time analysis of various feature encoding methods.      
### 21.BezierSeg: Parametric Shape Representation for Fast Object Segmentation in Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00760.pdf)
>  Delineating the lesion area is an important task in image-based diagnosis. Pixel-wise classification is a popular approach to segmenting the region of interest. However, at fuzzy boundaries such methods usually result in glitches, discontinuity, or disconnection, inconsistent with the fact that lesions are solid and smooth. To overcome these undesirable artifacts, we propose the BezierSeg model which outputs bezier curves encompassing the region of interest. Directly modelling the contour with analytic equations ensures that the segmentation is connected, continuous, and the boundary is smooth. In addition, it offers sub-pixel accuracy. Without loss of accuracy, the bezier contour can be resampled and overlaid with images of any resolution. Moreover, a doctor can conveniently adjust the curve's control points to refine the result. Our experiments show that the proposed method runs in real time and achieves accuracy competitive with pixel-wise segmentation models.      
### 22.Flip Learning: Erase to Segment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00752.pdf)
>  Nodule segmentation from breast ultrasound images is challenging yet essential for the diagnosis. Weakly-supervised segmentation (WSS) can help reduce time-consuming and cumbersome manual annotation. Unlike existing weakly-supervised approaches, in this study, we propose a novel and general WSS framework called Flip Learning, which only needs the box annotation. Specifically, the target in the label box will be erased gradually to flip the classification tag, and the erased region will be considered as the segmentation result finally. Our contribution is three-fold. First, our proposed approach erases on superpixel level using a Multi-agent Reinforcement Learning framework to exploit the prior boundary knowledge and accelerate the learning process. Second, we design two rewards: classification score and intensity distribution reward, to avoid under- and over-segmentation, respectively. Third, we adopt a coarse-to-fine learning strategy to reduce the residual errors and improve the segmentation performance. Extensively validated on a large dataset, our proposed approach achieves competitive performance and shows great potential to narrow the gap between fully-supervised and weakly-supervised learning.      
### 23.Active Perception for Ambiguous Objects Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00737.pdf)
>  Recent visual pose estimation and tracking solutions provide notable results on popular datasets such as T-LESS and YCB. However, in the real world, we can find ambiguous objects that do not allow exact classification and detection from a single view. In this work, we propose a framework that, given a single view of an object, provides the coordinates of a next viewpoint to discriminate the object against similar ones, if any, and eliminates ambiguities. We also describe a complete pipeline from a real object's scans to the viewpoint selection and classification. We validate our approach with a Franka Emika Panda robot and common household objects featured with ambiguities. We released the source code to reproduce our experiments.      
### 24.Learning TFIDF Enhanced Joint Embedding for Recipe-Image Cross-Modal Retrieval Service  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00724.pdf)
>  It is widely acknowledged that learning joint embeddings of recipes with images is challenging due to the diverse composition and deformation of ingredients in cooking procedures. We present a Multi-modal Semantics enhanced Joint Embedding approach (MSJE) for learning a common feature space between the two modalities (text and image), with the ultimate goal of providing high-performance cross-modal retrieval services. Our MSJE approach has three unique features. First, we extract the TFIDF feature from the title, ingredients and cooking instructions of recipes. By determining the significance of word sequences through combining LSTM learned features with their TFIDF features, we encode a recipe into a TFIDF weighted vector for capturing significant key terms and how such key terms are used in the corresponding cooking instructions. Second, we combine the recipe TFIDF feature with the recipe sequence feature extracted through two-stage LSTM networks, which is effective in capturing the unique relationship between a recipe and its associated image(s). Third, we further incorporate TFIDF enhanced category semantics to improve the mapping of image modality and to regulate the similarity loss function during the iterative learning of cross-modal joint embedding. Experiments on the benchmark dataset Recipe1M show the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 25.Group Fisher Pruning for Practical Network Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00708.pdf)
>  Network compression has been widely studied since it is able to reduce the memory and computation cost during inference. However, previous methods seldom deal with complicated structures like residual connections, group/depth-wise convolution and feature pyramid network, where channels of multiple layers are coupled and need to be pruned simultaneously. In this paper, we present a general channel pruning approach that can be applied to various complicated structures. Particularly, we propose a layer grouping algorithm to find coupled channels automatically. Then we derive a unified metric based on Fisher information to evaluate the importance of a single channel and coupled channels. Moreover, we find that inference speedup on GPUs is more correlated with the reduction of memory rather than FLOPs, and thus we employ the memory reduction of each channel to normalize the importance. Our method can be used to prune any structures including those with coupled channels. We conduct extensive experiments on various backbones, including the classic ResNet and ResNeXt, mobile-friendly MobileNetV2, and the NAS-based RegNet, both on image classification and object detection which is under-explored. Experimental results validate that our method can effectively prune sophisticated networks, boosting inference speed without sacrificing accuracy.      
### 26.Efficient Deep Feature Calibration for Cross-Modal Joint Embedding Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00705.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a two-phase deep feature calibration framework for efficient learning of semantics enhanced text-image cross-modal joint embedding, which clearly separates the deep feature calibration in data preprocessing from training the joint embedding model. We use the Recipe1M dataset for the technical description and empirical validation. In preprocessing, we perform deep feature calibration by combining deep feature engineering with semantic context features derived from raw text-image input data. We leverage LSTM to identify key terms, NLP methods to produce ranking scores for key terms before generating the key term feature. We leverage wideResNet50 to extract and encode the image category semantics to help semantic alignment of the learned recipe and image embeddings in the joint latent space. In joint embedding learning, we perform deep feature calibration by optimizing the batch-hard triplet loss function with soft-margin and double negative sampling, also utilizing the category-based alignment loss and discriminator-based alignment loss. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our SEJE approach with the deep feature calibration significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 27.PoseFusion2: Simultaneous Background Reconstruction and Human Shape Recovery in Real-time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00695.pdf)
>  Dynamic environments that include unstructured moving objects pose a hard problem for Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) performance. The motion of rigid objects can be typically tracked by exploiting their texture and geometric features. However, humans moving in the scene are often one of the most important, interactive targets - they are very hard to track and reconstruct robustly due to non-rigid shapes. In this work, we present a fast, learning-based human object detector to isolate the dynamic human objects and realise a real-time dense background reconstruction framework. We go further by estimating and reconstructing the human pose and shape. The final output environment maps not only provide the dense static backgrounds but also contain the dynamic human meshes and their trajectories. Our Dynamic SLAM system runs at around 26 frames per second (fps) on GPUs, while additionally turning on accurate human pose estimation can be executed at up to 10 fps.      
### 28.LDDMM-Face: Large Deformation Diffeomorphic Metric Learning for Flexible and Consistent Face Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00690.pdf)
>  We innovatively propose a flexible and consistent face alignment framework, LDDMM-Face, the key contribution of which is a deformation layer that naturally embeds facial geometry in a diffeomorphic way. Instead of predicting facial landmarks via heatmap or coordinate regression, we formulate this task in a diffeomorphic registration manner and predict momenta that uniquely parameterize the deformation between initial boundary and true boundary, and then perform large deformation diffeomorphic metric mapping (LDDMM) simultaneously for curve and landmark to localize the facial landmarks. Due to the embedding of LDDMM into a deep network, LDDMM-Face can consistently annotate facial landmarks without ambiguity and flexibly handle various annotation schemes, and can even predict dense annotations from sparse ones. Our method can be easily integrated into various face alignment networks. We extensively evaluate LDDMM-Face on four benchmark datasets: 300W, WFLW, HELEN and COFW-68. LDDMM-Face is comparable or superior to state-of-the-art methods for traditional within-dataset and same-annotation settings, but truly distinguishes itself with outstanding performance when dealing with weakly-supervised learning (partial-to-full), challenging cases (e.g., occluded faces), and different training and prediction datasets. In addition, LDDMM-Face shows promising results on the most challenging task of predicting across datasets with different annotation schemes.      
### 29.Self-supervised Audiovisual Representation Learning for Remote Sensing Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00688.pdf)
>  Many current deep learning approaches make extensive use of backbone networks pre-trained on large datasets like ImageNet, which are then fine-tuned to perform a certain task. In remote sensing, the lack of comparable large annotated datasets and the wide diversity of sensing platforms impedes similar developments. In order to contribute towards the availability of pre-trained backbone networks in remote sensing, we devise a self-supervised approach for pre-training deep neural networks. By exploiting the correspondence between geo-tagged audio recordings and remote sensing imagery, this is done in a completely label-free manner, eliminating the need for laborious manual annotation. For this purpose, we introduce the SoundingEarth dataset, which consists of co-located aerial imagery and audio samples all around the world. Using this dataset, we then pre-train ResNet models to map samples from both modalities into a common embedding space, which encourages the models to understand key properties of a scene that influence both visual and auditory appearance. To validate the usefulness of the proposed approach, we evaluate the transfer learning performance of pre-trained weights obtained against weights obtained through other means. By fine-tuning the models on a number of commonly used remote sensing datasets, we show that our approach outperforms existing pre-training strategies for remote sensing imagery. The dataset, code and pre-trained model weights will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/khdlr/SoundingEarth" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Multimodal Feature Fusion for Video Advertisements Tagging Via Stacking Ensemble  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00679.pdf)
>  Automated tagging of video advertisements has been a critical yet challenging problem, and it has drawn increasing interests in last years as its applications seem to be evident in many fields. Despite sustainable efforts have been made, the tagging task is still suffered from several challenges, such as, efficiently feature fusion approach is desirable, but under-explored in previous studies. In this paper, we present our approach for Multimodal Video Ads Tagging in the 2021 Tencent Advertising Algorithm Competition. Specifically, we propose a novel multi-modal feature fusion framework, with the goal to combine complementary information from multiple modalities. This framework introduces stacking-based ensembling approach to reduce the influence of varying levels of noise and conflicts between different modalities. Thus, our framework can boost the performance of the tagging task, compared to previous methods. To empirically investigate the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed framework, we conduct extensive experiments on the challenge datasets. The obtained results suggest that our framework can significantly outperform related approaches and our method ranks as the 1st place on the final leaderboard, with a Global Average Precision (GAP) of 82.63%. To better promote the research in this field, we will release our code in the final version.      
### 31.Recurrent Mask Refinement for Few-Shot Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00622.pdf)
>  Although having achieved great success in medical image segmentation, deep convolutional neural networks usually require a large dataset with manual annotations for training and are difficult to generalize to unseen classes. Few-shot learning has the potential to address these challenges by learning new classes from only a few labeled examples. In this work, we propose a new framework for few-shot medical image segmentation based on prototypical networks. Our innovation lies in the design of two key modules: 1) a context relation encoder (CRE) that uses correlation to capture local relation features between foreground and background regions; and 2) a recurrent mask refinement module that repeatedly uses the CRE and a prototypical network to recapture the change of context relationship and refine the segmentation mask iteratively. Experiments on two abdomen CT datasets and an abdomen MRI dataset show the proposed method obtains substantial improvement over the state-of-the-art methods by an average of 16.32%, 8.45% and 6.24% in terms of DSC, respectively. Code is publicly available.      
### 32.Investigating Attention Mechanism in 3D Point Cloud Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00620.pdf)
>  Object detection in three-dimensional (3D) space attracts much interest from academia and industry since it is an essential task in AI-driven applications such as robotics, autonomous driving, and augmented reality. As the basic format of 3D data, the point cloud can provide detailed geometric information about the objects in the original 3D space. However, due to 3D data's sparsity and unorderedness, specially designed networks and modules are needed to process this type of data. Attention mechanism has achieved impressive performance in diverse computer vision tasks; however, it is unclear how attention modules would affect the performance of 3D point cloud object detection and what sort of attention modules could fit with the inherent properties of 3D data. This work investigates the role of the attention mechanism in 3D point cloud object detection and provides insights into the potential of different attention modules. To achieve that, we comprehensively investigate classical 2D attentions, novel 3D attentions, including the latest point cloud transformers on SUN RGB-D and ScanNetV2 datasets. Based on the detailed experiments and analysis, we conclude the effects of different attention modules. This paper is expected to serve as a reference source for benefiting attention-embedded 3D point cloud object detection. The code and trained models are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShiQiu0419/attentions_in_3D_detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.RINDNet: Edge Detection for Discontinuity in Reflectance, Illumination, Normal and Depth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00616.pdf)
>  As a fundamental building block in computer vision, edges can be categorised into four types according to the discontinuity in surface-Reflectance, Illumination, surface-Normal or Depth. While great progress has been made in detecting generic or individual types of edges, it remains under-explored to comprehensively study all four edge types together. In this paper, we propose a novel neural network solution, RINDNet, to jointly detect all four types of edges. Taking into consideration the distinct attributes of each type of edges and the relationship between them, RINDNet learns effective representations for each of them and works in three stages. In stage I, RINDNet uses a common backbone to extract features shared by all edges. Then in stage II it branches to prepare discriminative features for each edge type by the corresponding decoder. In stage III, an independent decision head for each type aggregates the features from previous stages to predict the initial results. Additionally, an attention module learns attention maps for all types to capture the underlying relations between them, and these maps are combined with initial results to generate the final edge detection results. For training and evaluation, we construct the first public benchmark, BSDS-RIND, with all four types of edges carefully annotated. In our experiments, RINDNet yields promising results in comparison with state-of-the-art methods. Additional analysis is presented in supplementary material.      
### 34.Multiple Classifiers Based Maximum Classifier Discrepancy for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00610.pdf)
>  Adversarial training based on the maximum classifier discrepancy between the two classifier structures has achieved great success in unsupervised domain adaptation tasks for image classification. The approach adopts the structure of two classifiers, though simple and intuitive, the learned classification boundary may not well represent the data property in the new domain. In this paper, we propose to extend the structure to multiple classifiers to further boost its performance. To this end, we propose a very straightforward approach to adding more classifiers. We employ the principle that the classifiers are different from each other to construct a discrepancy loss function for multiple classifiers. Through the loss function construction method, we make it possible to add any number of classifiers to the original framework. The proposed approach is validated through extensive experimental evaluations. We demonstrate that, on average, adopting the structure of three classifiers normally yields the best performance as a trade-off between the accuracy and efficiency. With minimum extra computational costs, the proposed approach can significantly improve the original algorithm.      
### 35.Pro-UIGAN: Progressive Face Hallucination from Occluded Thumbnails  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00602.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the task of hallucinating an authentic high-resolution (HR) face from an occluded thumbnail. We propose a multi-stage Progressive Upsampling and Inpainting Generative Adversarial Network, dubbed Pro-UIGAN, which exploits facial geometry priors to replenish and upsample (8*) the occluded and tiny faces (16*16 pixels). Pro-UIGAN iteratively (1) estimates facial geometry priors for low-resolution (LR) faces and (2) acquires non-occluded HR face images under the guidance of the estimated priors. Our multi-stage hallucination network super-resolves and inpaints occluded LR faces in a coarse-to-fine manner, thus reducing unwanted blurriness and artifacts significantly. Specifically, we design a novel cross-modal transformer module for facial priors estimation, in which an input face and its landmark features are formulated as queries and keys, respectively. Such a design encourages joint feature learning across the input facial and landmark features, and deep feature correspondences will be discovered by attention. Thus, facial appearance features and facial geometry priors are learned in a mutual promotion manner. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our Pro-UIGAN achieves visually pleasing HR faces, reaching superior performance in downstream tasks, i.e., face alignment, face parsing, face recognition and expression classification, compared with other state-of-the-art (SotA) methods.      
### 36.GTNet:Guided Transformer Network for Detecting Human-Object Interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00596.pdf)
>  The human-object interaction (HOI) detection task refers to localizing humans, localizing objects, and predicting the interactions between each human-object pair. HOI is considered one of the fundamental steps in truly understanding complex visual scenes. For detecting HOI, it is important to utilize relative spatial configurations and object semantics to find salient spatial regions of images that highlight the interactions between human object pairs. This issue is addressed by the proposed self-attention based guided transformer network, GTNet. GTNet encodes this spatial contextual information in human and object visual features via self-attention while achieving a 4%-6% improvement over previous state of the art results on both the V-COCO and HICO-DET datasets. Code will be made available online.      
### 37.Semi-Supervising Learning, Transfer Learning, and Knowledge Distillation with SimCLR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00587.pdf)
>  Recent breakthroughs in the field of semi-supervised learning have achieved results that match state-of-the-art traditional supervised learning methods. Most successful semi-supervised learning approaches in computer vision focus on leveraging huge amount of unlabeled data, learning the general representation via data augmentation and transformation, creating pseudo labels, implementing different loss functions, and eventually transferring this knowledge to more task-specific smaller models. In this paper, we aim to conduct our analyses on three different aspects of SimCLR, the current state-of-the-art semi-supervised learning framework for computer vision. First, we analyze properties of contrast learning on fine-tuning, as we understand that contrast learning is what makes this method so successful. Second, we research knowledge distillation through teacher-forcing paradigm. We observe that when the teacher and the student share the same base model, knowledge distillation will achieve better result. Finally, we study how transfer learning works and its relationship with the number of classes on different data sets. Our results indicate that transfer learning performs better when number of classes are smaller.      
### 38.Congested Crowd Instance Localization with Dilated Convolutional Swin Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00584.pdf)
>  Crowd localization is a new computer vision task, evolved from crowd counting. Different from the latter, it provides more precise location information for each instance, not just counting numbers for the whole crowd scene, which brings greater challenges, especially in extremely congested crowd scenes. In this paper, we focus on how to achieve precise instance localization in high-density crowd scenes, and to alleviate the problem that the feature extraction ability of the traditional model is reduced due to the target occlusion, the image blur, etc. To this end, we propose a Dilated Convolutional Swin Transformer (DCST) for congested crowd scenes. Specifically, a window-based vision transformer is introduced into the crowd localization task, which effectively improves the capacity of representation learning. Then, the well-designed dilated convolutional module is inserted into some different stages of the transformer to enhance the large-range contextual information. Extensive experiments evidence the effectiveness of the proposed methods and achieve state-of-the-art performance on five popular datasets. Especially, the proposed model achieves F1-measure of 77.5\% and MAE of 84.2 in terms of localization and counting performance, respectively.      
### 39.GraphFPN: Graph Feature Pyramid Network for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00580.pdf)
>  Feature pyramids have been proven powerful in image understanding tasks that require multi-scale features. State-of-the-art methods for multi-scale feature learning focus on performing feature interactions across space and scales using neural networks with a fixed topology. In this paper, we propose graph feature pyramid networks that are capable of adapting their topological structures to varying intrinsic image structures and supporting simultaneous feature interactions across all scales. We first define an image-specific superpixel hierarchy for each input image to represent its intrinsic image structures. The graph feature pyramid network inherits its structure from this superpixel hierarchy. Contextual and hierarchical layers are designed to achieve feature interactions within the same scale and across different scales. To make these layers more powerful, we introduce two types of local channel attention for graph neural networks by generalizing global channel attention for convolutional neural networks. The proposed graph feature pyramid network can enhance the multiscale features from a convolutional feature pyramid network. We evaluate our graph feature pyramid network in the object detection task by integrating it into the Faster R-CNN algorithm. The modified algorithm outperforms not only previous state-of-the-art feature pyramid-based methods with a clear margin but also other popular detection methods on both MS-COCO 2017 validation and test datasets.      
### 40.FLASH: Fast Neural Architecture Search with Hardware Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00568.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) is a promising technique to design efficient and high-performance deep neural networks (DNNs). As the performance requirements of ML applications grow continuously, the hardware accelerators start playing a central role in DNN design. This trend makes NAS even more complicated and time-consuming for most real applications. This paper proposes FLASH, a very fast NAS methodology that co-optimizes the DNN accuracy and performance on a real hardware platform. As the main theoretical contribution, we first propose the NN-Degree, an analytical metric to quantify the topological characteristics of DNNs with skip connections (e.g., DenseNets, ResNets, Wide-ResNets, and MobileNets). The newly proposed NN-Degree allows us to do training-free NAS within one second and build an accuracy predictor by training as few as 25 samples out of a vast search space with more than 63 billion configurations. Second, by performing inference on the target hardware, we fine-tune and validate our analytical models to estimate the latency, area, and energy consumption of various DNN architectures while executing standard ML datasets. Third, we construct a hierarchical algorithm based on simplicial homology global optimization (SHGO) to optimize the model-architecture co-design process, while considering the area, latency, and energy consumption of the target hardware. We demonstrate that, compared to the state-of-the-art NAS approaches, our proposed hierarchical SHGO-based algorithm enables more than four orders of magnitude speedup (specifically, the execution time of the proposed algorithm is about 0.1 seconds). Finally, our experimental evaluations show that FLASH is easily transferable to different hardware architectures, thus enabling us to do NAS on a Raspberry Pi-3B processor in less than 3 seconds.      
### 41.Learning Maritime Obstacle Detection from Weak Annotations by Scaffolding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00564.pdf)
>  Coastal water autonomous boats rely on robust perception methods for obstacle detection and timely collision avoidance. The current state-of-the-art is based on deep segmentation networks trained on large datasets. Per-pixel ground truth labeling of such datasets, however, is labor-intensive and expensive. We observe that far less information is required for practical obstacle avoidance - the location of water edge on static obstacles like shore and approximate location and bounds of dynamic obstacles in the water is sufficient to plan a reaction. We propose a new scaffolding learning regime (SLR) that allows training obstacle detection segmentation networks only from such weak annotations, thus significantly reducing the cost of ground-truth labeling. Experiments show that maritime obstacle segmentation networks trained using SLR substantially outperform the same networks trained with dense ground truth labels. Thus accuracy is not sacrificed for labelling simplicity but is in fact improved, which is a remarkable result.      
### 42.PSE-Match: A Viewpoint-free Place Recognition Method with Parallel Semantic Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00552.pdf)
>  Accurate localization on autonomous driving cars is essential for autonomy and driving safety, especially for complex urban streets and search-and-rescue subterranean environments where high-accurate GPS is not available. However current odometry estimation may introduce the drifting problems in long-term navigation without robust global localization. The main challenges involve scene divergence under the interference of dynamic environments and effective perception of observation and object layout variance from different viewpoints. To tackle these challenges, we present PSE-Match, a viewpoint-free place recognition method based on parallel semantic analysis of isolated semantic attributes from 3D point-cloud models. Compared with the original point cloud, the observed variance of semantic attributes is smaller. PSE-Match incorporates a divergence place learning network to capture different semantic attributes parallelly through the spherical harmonics domain. Using both existing benchmark datasets and two in-field collected datasets, our experiments show that the proposed method achieves above 70% average recall with top one retrieval and above 95% average recall with top ten retrieval cases. And PSE-Match has also demonstrated an obvious generalization ability with a limited training dataset.      
### 43.BundleTrack: 6D Pose Tracking for Novel Objects without Instance or Category-Level 3D Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00516.pdf)
>  Tracking the 6D pose of objects in video sequences is important for robot manipulation. Most prior efforts, however, often assume that the target object's CAD model, at least at a category-level, is available for offline training or during online template matching. This work proposes BundleTrack, a general framework for 6D pose tracking of novel objects, which does not depend upon 3D models, either at the instance or category-level. It leverages the complementary attributes of recent advances in deep learning for segmentation and robust feature extraction, as well as memory-augmented pose graph optimization for spatiotemporal consistency. This enables long-term, low-drift tracking under various challenging scenarios, including significant occlusions and object motions. Comprehensive experiments given two public benchmarks demonstrate that the proposed approach significantly outperforms state-of-art, category-level 6D tracking or dynamic SLAM methods. When compared against state-of-art methods that rely on an object instance CAD model, comparable performance is achieved, despite the proposed method's reduced information requirements. An efficient implementation in CUDA provides a real-time performance of 10Hz for the entire framework. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wenbowen123/BundleTrack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 44.CERL: A Unified Optimization Framework for Light Enhancement with Realistic Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00478.pdf)
>  Low-light images captured in the real world are inevitably corrupted by sensor noise. Such noise is spatially variant and highly dependent on the underlying pixel intensity, deviating from the oversimplified assumptions in conventional denoising. Existing light enhancement methods either overlook the important impact of real-world noise during enhancement, or treat noise removal as a separate pre- or post-processing step. We present Coordinated Enhancement for Real-world Low-light Noisy Images (CERL), that seamlessly integrates light enhancement and noise suppression parts into a unified and physics-grounded optimization framework. For the real low-light noise removal part, we customize a self-supervised denoising model that can easily be adapted without referring to clean ground-truth images. For the light enhancement part, we also improve the design of a state-of-the-art backbone. The two parts are then joint formulated into one principled plug-and-play optimization. Our approach is compared against state-of-the-art low-light enhancement methods both qualitatively and quantitatively. Besides standard benchmarks, we further collect and test on a new realistic low-light mobile photography dataset (RLMP), whose mobile-captured photos display heavier realistic noise than those taken by high-quality cameras. CERL consistently produces the most visually pleasing and artifact-free results across all experiments. Our RLMP dataset and codes are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VITA-Group/CERL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.Self-supervised Learning with Local Attention-Aware Feature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00475.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a novel methodology for self-supervised learning for generating global and local attention-aware visual features. Our approach is based on training a model to differentiate between specific image transformations of an input sample and the patched images. Utilizing this approach, the proposed method is able to outperform the previous best competitor by 1.03% on the Tiny-ImageNet dataset and by 2.32% on the STL-10 dataset. Furthermore, our approach outperforms the fully-supervised learning method on the STL-10 dataset. Experimental results and visualizations show the capability of successfully learning global and local attention-aware visual representations.      
### 46.Explainable Deep Few-shot Anomaly Detection with Deviation Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00462.pdf)
>  Existing anomaly detection paradigms overwhelmingly focus on training detection models using exclusively normal data or unlabeled data (mostly normal samples). One notorious issue with these approaches is that they are weak in discriminating anomalies from normal samples due to the lack of the knowledge about the anomalies. Here, we study the problem of few-shot anomaly detection, in which we aim at using a few labeled anomaly examples to train sample-efficient discriminative detection models. To address this problem, we introduce a novel weakly-supervised anomaly detection framework to train detection models without assuming the examples illustrating all possible classes of anomaly. <br>Specifically, the proposed approach learns discriminative normality (regularity) by leveraging the labeled anomalies and a prior probability to enforce expressive representations of normality and unbounded deviated representations of abnormality. This is achieved by an end-to-end optimization of anomaly scores with a neural deviation learning, in which the anomaly scores of normal samples are imposed to approximate scalar scores drawn from the prior while that of anomaly examples is enforced to have statistically significant deviations from these sampled scores in the upper tail. Furthermore, our model is optimized to learn fine-grained normality and abnormality by top-K multiple-instance-learning-based feature subspace deviation learning, allowing more generalized representations. Comprehensive experiments on nine real-world image anomaly detection benchmarks show that our model is substantially more sample-efficient and robust, and performs significantly better than state-of-the-art competing methods in both closed-set and open-set settings. Our model can also offer explanation capability as a result of its prior-driven anomaly score learning. Code and datasets are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/DevNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.SSPU-Net: Self-Supervised Point Cloud Upsampling via Differentiable Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00454.pdf)
>  Point clouds obtained from 3D sensors are usually sparse. Existing methods mainly focus on upsampling sparse point clouds in a supervised manner by using dense ground truth point clouds. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised point cloud upsampling network (SSPU-Net) to generate dense point clouds without using ground truth. To achieve this, we exploit the consistency between the input sparse point cloud and generated dense point cloud for the shapes and rendered images. Specifically, we first propose a neighbor expansion unit (NEU) to upsample the sparse point clouds, where the local geometric structures of the sparse point clouds are exploited to learn weights for point interpolation. Then, we develop a differentiable point cloud rendering unit (DRU) as an end-to-end module in our network to render the point cloud into multi-view images. Finally, we formulate a shape-consistent loss and an image-consistent loss to train the network so that the shapes of the sparse and dense point clouds are as consistent as possible. Extensive results on the CAD and scanned datasets demonstrate that our method can achieve impressive results in a self-supervised manner. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Avlon/SSPU-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.Hyper360 -- a Next Generation Toolset for Immersive Media  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00430.pdf)
>  Spherical 360 video is a novel media format, rapidly becoming adopted in media production and consumption of immersive media. Due to its novelty, there is a lack of tools for producing highly engaging interactive 360 video for consumption on a multitude of platforms. In this work, we describe the work done so far in the Hyper360 project on tools for mixed 360 video and 3D content. Furthermore, the first pilots which have been produced with the Hyper360 tools and results of the audience assessment of the produced pilots are presented.      
### 49.An Effective and Robust Detector for Logo Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00422.pdf)
>  In recent years, intellectual property (IP), which represents literary, inventions, artistic works, etc, gradually attract more and more people's attention. Particularly, with the rise of e-commerce, the IP not only represents the product design and brands, but also represents the images/videos displayed on e-commerce platforms. Unfortunately, some attackers adopt some adversarial methods to fool the well-trained logo detection model for infringement. To overcome this problem, a novel logo detector based on the mechanism of looking and thinking twice is proposed in this paper for robust logo detection. The proposed detector is different from other mainstream detectors, which can effectively detect small objects, long-tail objects, and is robust to adversarial images. In detail, we extend detectoRS algorithm to a cascade schema with an equalization loss function, multi-scale transformations, and adversarial data augmentation. A series of experimental results have shown that the proposed method can effectively improve the robustness of the detection model. Moreover, we have applied the proposed methods to competition ACM MM2021 Robust Logo Detection that is organized by Alibaba on the Tianchi platform and won top 2 in 36489 teams. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jiaxiaojunQAQ/Robust-Logo-Detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 50.CSC-Unet: A Novel Convolutional Sparse Coding Strategy based Neural Network for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00408.pdf)
>  It is a challenging task to accurately perform semantic segmentation due to the complexity of real picture scenes. Many semantic segmentation methods based on traditional deep learning insufficiently captured the semantic and appearance information of images, which put limit on their generality and robustness for various application scenes. In this paper, we proposed a novel strategy that reformulated the popularly-used convolution operation to multi-layer convolutional sparse coding block to ease the aforementioned deficiency. This strategy can be possibly used to significantly improve the segmentation performance of any semantic segmentation model that involves convolutional operations. To prove the effectiveness of our idea, we chose the widely-used U-Net model for the demonstration purpose, and we designed CSC-Unet model series based on U-Net. Through extensive analysis and experiments, we provided credible evidence showing that the multi-layer convolutional sparse coding block enables semantic segmentation model to converge faster, can extract finer semantic and appearance information of images, and improve the ability to recover spatial detail information. The best CSC-Unet model significantly outperforms the results of the original U-Net on three public datasets with different scenarios, i.e., 87.14% vs. 84.71% on DeepCrack dataset, 68.91% vs. 67.09% on Nuclei dataset, and 53.68% vs. 48.82% on CamVid dataset, respectively.      
### 51.Discovering "Semantics" in Super-Resolution Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00406.pdf)
>  Super-resolution (SR) is a fundamental and representative task of low-level vision area. It is generally thought that the features extracted from the SR network have no specific semantic information, and the network simply learns complex non-linear mappings from input to output. Can we find any "semantics" in SR networks? In this paper, we give affirmative answers to this question. By analyzing the feature representations with dimensionality reduction and visualization, we successfully discover the deep semantic representations in SR networks, \textit{i.e.}, deep degradation representations (DDR), which relate to the image degradation types and degrees. We also reveal the differences in representation semantics between classification and SR networks. Through extensive experiments and analysis, we draw a series of observations and conclusions, which are of great significance for future work, such as interpreting the intrinsic mechanisms of low-level CNN networks and developing new evaluation approaches for blind SR.      
### 52.Threat of Adversarial Attacks on Deep Learning in Computer Vision: Survey II  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00401.pdf)
>  Deep Learning (DL) is the most widely used tool in the contemporary field of computer vision. Its ability to accurately solve complex problems is employed in vision research to learn deep neural models for a variety of tasks, including security critical applications. However, it is now known that DL is vulnerable to adversarial attacks that can manipulate its predictions by introducing visually imperceptible perturbations in images and videos. Since the discovery of this phenomenon in 2013~[1], it has attracted significant attention of researchers from multiple sub-fields of machine intelligence. In [2], we reviewed the contributions made by the computer vision community in adversarial attacks on deep learning (and their defenses) until the advent of year 2018. Many of those contributions have inspired new directions in this area, which has matured significantly since witnessing the first generation methods. Hence, as a legacy sequel of [2], this literature review focuses on the advances in this area since 2018. To ensure authenticity, we mainly consider peer-reviewed contributions published in the prestigious sources of computer vision and machine learning research. Besides a comprehensive literature review, the article also provides concise definitions of technical terminologies for non-experts in this domain. Finally, this article discusses challenges and future outlook of this direction based on the literature reviewed herein and [2].      
### 53.Object-to-Scene: Learning to Transfer Object Knowledge to Indoor Scene Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00399.pdf)
>  Accurate perception of the surrounding scene is helpful for robots to make reasonable judgments and behaviours. Therefore, developing effective scene representation and recognition methods are of significant importance in robotics. Currently, a large body of research focuses on developing novel auxiliary features and networks to improve indoor scene recognition ability. However, few of them focus on directly constructing object features and relations for indoor scene recognition. In this paper, we analyze the weaknesses of current methods and propose an Object-to-Scene (OTS) method, which extracts object features and learns object relations to recognize indoor scenes. The proposed OTS first extracts object features based on the segmentation network and the proposed object feature aggregation module (OFAM). Afterwards, the object relations are calculated and the scene representation is constructed based on the proposed object attention module (OAM) and global relation aggregation module (GRAM). The final results in this work show that OTS successfully extracts object features and learns object relations from the segmentation network. Moreover, OTS outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by more than 2\% on indoor scene recognition without using any additional streams. Code is publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FreeformRobotics/OTS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.BORM: Bayesian Object Relation Model for Indoor Scene Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00397.pdf)
>  Scene recognition is a fundamental task in robotic perception. For human beings, scene recognition is reasonable because they have abundant object knowledge of the real world. The idea of transferring prior object knowledge from humans to scene recognition is significant but still less exploited. In this paper, we propose to utilize meaningful object representations for indoor scene representation. First, we utilize an improved object model (IOM) as a baseline that enriches the object knowledge by introducing a scene parsing algorithm pretrained on the ADE20K dataset with rich object categories related to the indoor scene. To analyze the object co-occurrences and pairwise object relations, we formulate the IOM from a Bayesian perspective as the Bayesian object relation model (BORM). Meanwhile, we incorporate the proposed BORM with the PlacesCNN model as the combined Bayesian object relation model (CBORM) for scene recognition and significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on the reduced Places365 dataset, and SUN RGB-D dataset without retraining, showing the excellent generalization ability of the proposed method. Code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hszhoushen/borm" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 55.Deep graph matching meets mixed-integer linear programming: Relax at your own risk ?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00394.pdf)
>  Graph matching is an important problem that has received widespread attention, especially in the field of computer vision. Recently, state-of-the-art methods seek to incorporate graph matching with deep learning. However, there is no research to explain what role the graph matching algorithm plays in the model. Therefore, we propose an approach integrating a MILP formulation of the graph matching problem. This formulation is solved to optimal and it provides inherent baseline. Meanwhile, similar approaches are derived by releasing the optimal guarantee of the graph matching solver and by introducing a quality level. This quality level controls the quality of the solutions provided by the graph matching solver. In addition, several relaxations of the graph matching problem are put to the test. Our experimental evaluation gives several theoretical insights and guides the direction of deep graph matching methods.      
### 56.Developing a Compressed Object Detection Model based on YOLOv4 for Deployment on Embedded GPU Platform of Autonomous System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00392.pdf)
>  Latest CNN-based object detection models are quite accurate but require a high-performance GPU to run in real-time. They still are heavy in terms of memory size and speed for an embedded system with limited memory space. Since the object detection for autonomous system is run on an embedded processor, it is preferable to compress the detection network as light as possible while preserving the detection accuracy. There are several popular lightweight detection models but their accuracy is too low for safe driving applications. Therefore, this paper proposes a new object detection model, referred as YOffleNet, which is compressed at a high ratio while minimizing the accuracy loss for real-time and safe driving application on an autonomous system. The backbone network architecture is based on YOLOv4, but we could compress the network greatly by replacing the high-calculation-load CSP DenseNet with the lighter modules of ShuffleNet. Experiments with KITTI dataset showed that the proposed YOffleNet is compressed by 4.7 times than the YOLOv4-s that could achieve as fast as 46 FPS on an embedded GPU system(NVIDIA Jetson AGX Xavier). Compared to the high compression ratio, the accuracy is reduced slightly to 85.8% mAP, that is only 2.6% lower than YOLOv4-s. Thus, the proposed network showed a high potential to be deployed on the embedded system of the autonomous system for the real-time and accurate object detection applications.      
### 57.WAS-VTON: Warping Architecture Search for Virtual Try-on Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00386.pdf)
>  Despite recent progress on image-based virtual try-on, current methods are constraint by shared warping networks and thus fail to synthesize natural try-on results when faced with clothing categories that require different warping operations. In this paper, we address this problem by finding clothing category-specific warping networks for the virtual try-on task via Neural Architecture Search (NAS). We introduce a NAS-Warping Module and elaborately design a bilevel hierarchical search space to identify the optimal network-level and operation-level flow estimation architecture. Given the network-level search space, containing different numbers of warping blocks, and the operation-level search space with different convolution operations, we jointly learn a combination of repeatable warping cells and convolution operations specifically for the clothing-person alignment. Moreover, a NAS-Fusion Module is proposed to synthesize more natural final try-on results, which is realized by leveraging particular skip connections to produce better-fused features that are required for seamlessly fusing the warped clothing and the unchanged person part. We adopt an efficient and stable one-shot searching strategy to search the above two modules. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our WAS-VTON significantly outperforms the previous fixed-architecture try-on methods with more natural warping results and virtual try-on results.      
### 58.Edge-competing Pathological Liver Vessel Segmentation with Limited Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00384.pdf)
>  The microvascular invasion (MVI) is a major prognostic factor in hepatocellular carcinoma, which is one of the malignant tumors with the highest mortality rate. The diagnosis of MVI needs discovering the vessels that contain hepatocellular carcinoma cells and counting their number in each vessel, which depends heavily on experiences of the doctor, is largely subjective and time-consuming. However, there is no algorithm as yet tailored for the MVI detection from pathological images. This paper collects the first pathological liver image dataset containing 522 whole slide images with labels of vessels, MVI, and hepatocellular carcinoma grades. The first and essential step for the automatic diagnosis of MVI is the accurate segmentation of vessels. The unique characteristics of pathological liver images, such as super-large size, multi-scale vessel, and blurred vessel edges, make the accurate vessel segmentation challenging. Based on the collected dataset, we propose an Edge-competing Vessel Segmentation Network (EVS-Net), which contains a segmentation network and two edge segmentation discriminators. The segmentation network, combined with an edge-aware self-supervision mechanism, is devised to conduct vessel segmentation with limited labeled patches. Meanwhile, two discriminators are introduced to distinguish whether the segmented vessel and background contain residual features in an adversarial manner. In the training stage, two discriminators are devised tocompete for the predicted position of edges. Exhaustive experiments demonstrate that, with only limited labeled patches, EVS-Net achieves a close performance of fully supervised methods, which provides a convenient tool for the pathological liver vessel segmentation. Code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zju-vipa/EVS-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 59.Visual Boundary Knowledge Translation for Foreground Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00379.pdf)
>  When confronted with objects of unknown types in an image, humans can effortlessly and precisely tell their visual boundaries. This recognition mechanism and underlying generalization capability seem to contrast to state-of-the-art image segmentation networks that rely on large-scale category-aware annotated training samples. In this paper, we make an attempt towards building models that explicitly account for visual boundary knowledge, in hope to reduce the training effort on segmenting unseen categories. Specifically, we investigate a new task termed as Boundary Knowledge Translation (BKT). Given a set of fully labeled categories, BKT aims to translate the visual boundary knowledge learned from the labeled categories, to a set of novel categories, each of which is provided only a few labeled samples. To this end, we propose a Translation Segmentation Network (Trans-Net), which comprises a segmentation network and two boundary discriminators. The segmentation network, combined with a boundary-aware self-supervised mechanism, is devised to conduct foreground segmentation, while the two discriminators work together in an adversarial manner to ensure an accurate segmentation of the novel categories under light supervision. Exhaustive experiments demonstrate that, with only tens of labeled samples as guidance, Trans-Net achieves close results on par with fully supervised methods.      
### 60.Knowing When to Quit: Selective Cascaded Regression with Patch Attention for Real-Time Face Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00377.pdf)
>  Facial landmarks (FLM) estimation is a critical component in many face-related applications. In this work, we aim to optimize for both accuracy and speed and explore the trade-off between them. Our key observation is that not all faces are created equal. Frontal faces with neutral expressions converge faster than faces with extreme poses or expressions. To differentiate among samples, we train our model to predict the regression error after each iteration. If the current iteration is accurate enough, we stop iterating, saving redundant iterations while keeping the accuracy in check. We also observe that as neighboring patches overlap, we can infer all facial landmarks (FLMs) with only a small number of patches without a major accuracy sacrifice. Architecturally, we offer a multi-scale, patch-based, lightweight feature extractor with a fine-grained local patch attention module, which computes a patch weighting according to the information in the patch itself and enhances the expressive power of the patch features. We analyze the patch attention data to infer where the model is attending when regressing facial landmarks and compare it to face attention in humans. Our model runs in real-time on a mobile device GPU, with 95 Mega Multiply-Add (MMA) operations, outperforming all state-of-the-art methods under 1000 MMA, with a normalized mean error of 8.16 on the 300W challenging dataset.      
### 61.Neural Free-Viewpoint Performance Rendering under ComplexHuman-object Interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00362.pdf)
>  4D reconstruction of human-object interaction is critical for immersive VR/AR experience and human activity understanding. Recent advances still fail to recover fine geometry and texture results from sparse RGB inputs, especially under challenging human-object interactions scenarios. In this paper, we propose a neural human performance capture and rendering system to generate both high-quality geometry and photo-realistic texture of both human and objects under challenging interaction scenarios in arbitrary novel views, from only sparse RGB streams. To deal with complex occlusions raised by human-object interactions, we adopt a layer-wise scene decoupling strategy and perform volumetric reconstruction and neural rendering of the human and object. Specifically, for geometry reconstruction, we propose an interaction-aware human-object capture scheme that jointly considers the human reconstruction and object reconstruction with their correlations. Occlusion-aware human reconstruction and robust human-aware object tracking are proposed for consistent 4D human-object dynamic reconstruction. For neural texture rendering, we propose a layer-wise human-object rendering scheme, which combines direction-aware neural blending weight learning and spatial-temporal texture completion to provide high-resolution and photo-realistic texture results in the occluded scenarios. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach to achieve high-quality geometry and texture reconstruction in free viewpoints for challenging human-object interactions.      
### 62.Applications of Artificial Neural Networks in Microorganism Image Analysis: A Comprehensive Review from Conventional Multilayer Perceptron to Popular Convolutional Neural Network and Potential Visual Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00358.pdf)
>  Microorganisms are widely distributed in the human daily living environment. They play an essential role in environmental pollution control, disease prevention and treatment, and food and drug production. The identification, counting, and detection are the basic steps for making full use of different microorganisms. However, the conventional analysis methods are expensive, laborious, and time-consuming. To overcome these limitations, artificial neural networks are applied for microorganism image analysis. We conduct this review to understand the development process of microorganism image analysis based on artificial neural networks. In this review, the background and motivation are introduced first. Then, the development of artificial neural networks and representative networks are introduced. After that, the papers related to microorganism image analysis based on classical and deep neural networks are reviewed from the perspectives of different tasks. In the end, the methodology analysis and potential direction are discussed.      
### 63.ELLIPSDF: Joint Object Pose and Shape Optimization with a Bi-level Ellipsoid and Signed Distance Function Description  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00355.pdf)
>  Autonomous systems need to understand the semantics and geometry of their surroundings in order to comprehend and safely execute object-level task specifications. This paper proposes an expressive yet compact model for joint object pose and shape optimization, and an associated optimization algorithm to infer an object-level map from multi-view RGB-D camera observations. The model is expressive because it captures the identities, positions, orientations, and shapes of objects in the environment. It is compact because it relies on a low-dimensional latent representation of implicit object shape, allowing onboard storage of large multi-category object maps. Different from other works that rely on a single object representation format, our approach has a bi-level object model that captures both the coarse level scale as well as the fine level shape details. Our approach is evaluated on the large-scale real-world ScanNet dataset and compared against state-of-the-art methods.      
### 64.LASOR: Learning Accurate 3D Human Pose and Shape Via Synthetic Occlusion-Aware Data and Neural Mesh Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00351.pdf)
>  A key challenge in the task of human pose and shape estimation is occlusion, including self-occlusions, object-human occlusions, and inter-person occlusions. The lack of diverse and accurate pose and shape training data becomes a major bottleneck, especially for scenes with occlusions in the wild. In this paper, we focus on the estimation of human pose and shape in the case of inter-person occlusions, while also handling object-human occlusions and self-occlusion. We propose a framework that synthesizes occlusion-aware silhouette and 2D keypoints data and directly regress to the SMPL pose and shape parameters. A neural 3D mesh renderer is exploited to enable silhouette supervision on the fly, which contributes to great improvements in shape estimation. In addition, keypoints-and-silhouette-driven training data in panoramic viewpoints are synthesized to compensate for the lack of viewpoint diversity in any existing dataset. Experimental results show that we are among state-of-the-art on the 3DPW dataset in terms of pose accuracy and evidently outperform the rank-1 method in terms of shape accuracy. Top performance is also achieved on SSP-3D in terms of shape prediction accuracy.      
### 65.Learning Few-shot Open-set Classifiers using Exemplar Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00340.pdf)
>  We study the problem of how to identify samples from unseen categories (open-set classification) when there are only a few samples given from the seen categories (few-shot setting). The challenge of learning a good abstraction for a class with very few samples makes it extremely difficult to detect samples from the unseen categories; consequently, open-set recognition has received minimal attention in the few-shot setting. Most open-set few-shot classification methods regularize the softmax score to indicate uniform probability for open class samples but we argue that this approach is often inaccurate, especially at a fine-grained level. Instead, we propose a novel exemplar reconstruction-based meta-learning strategy for jointly detecting open class samples, as well as, categorizing samples from seen classes via metric-based classification. The exemplars, which act as representatives of a class, can either be provided in the training dataset or estimated in the feature domain. Our framework, named Reconstructing Exemplar based Few-shot Open-set ClaSsifier (ReFOCS), is tested on a wide variety of datasets and the experimental results clearly highlight our method as the new state of the art.      
### 66.Towards Adversarially Robust and Domain Generalizable Stereo Matching by Rethinking DNN Feature Backbones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00335.pdf)
>  Stereo matching has recently witnessed remarkable progress using Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). But, how robust are they? Although it has been well-known that DNNs often suffer from adversarial vulnerability with a catastrophic drop in performance, the situation is even worse in stereo matching. This paper first shows that a type of weak white-box attacks can fail state-of-the-art methods. The attack is learned by a proposed stereo-constrained projected gradient descent (PGD) method in stereo matching. This observation raises serious concerns for the deployment of DNN-based stereo matching. Parallel to the adversarial vulnerability, DNN-based stereo matching is typically trained under the so-called simulation to reality pipeline, and thus domain generalizability is an important problem. This paper proposes to rethink the learnable DNN-based feature backbone towards adversarially-robust and domain generalizable stereo matching, either by completely removing it or by applying it only to the left reference image. It computes the matching cost volume using the classic multi-scale census transform (i.e., local binary pattern) of the raw input stereo images, followed by a stacked Hourglass head sub-network solving the matching problem. In experiments, the proposed method is tested in the SceneFlow dataset and the KITTI2015 benchmark. It significantly improves the adversarial robustness, while retaining accuracy performance comparable to state-of-the-art methods. It also shows better generalizability from simulation (SceneFlow) to real (KITTI) datasets when no fine-tuning is used.      
### 67.Chest ImaGenome Dataset for Clinical Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00316.pdf)
>  Despite the progress in automatic detection of radiologic findings from chest X-ray (CXR) images in recent years, a quantitative evaluation of the explainability of these models is hampered by the lack of locally labeled datasets for different findings. With the exception of a few expert-labeled small-scale datasets for specific findings, such as pneumonia and pneumothorax, most of the CXR deep learning models to date are trained on global "weak" labels extracted from text reports, or trained via a joint image and unstructured text learning strategy. Inspired by the Visual Genome effort in the computer vision community, we constructed the first Chest ImaGenome dataset with a scene graph data structure to describe $242,072$ images. Local annotations are automatically produced using a joint rule-based natural language processing (NLP) and atlas-based bounding box detection pipeline. Through a radiologist constructed CXR ontology, the annotations for each CXR are connected as an anatomy-centered scene graph, useful for image-level reasoning and multimodal fusion applications. Overall, we provide: i) $1,256$ combinations of relation annotations between $29$ CXR anatomical locations (objects with bounding box coordinates) and their attributes, structured as a scene graph per image, ii) over $670,000$ localized comparison relations (for improved, worsened, or no change) between the anatomical locations across sequential exams, as well as ii) a manually annotated gold standard scene graph dataset from $500$ unique patients.      
### 68.Self Context and Shape Prior for Sensorless Freehand 3D Ultrasound Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00274.pdf)
>  3D ultrasound (US) is widely used for its rich diagnostic information. However, it is criticized for its limited field of view. 3D freehand US reconstruction is promising in addressing the problem by providing broad range and freeform scan. The existing deep learning based methods only focus on the basic cases of skill sequences, and the model relies on the training data heavily. The sequences in real clinical practice are a mix of diverse skills and have complex scanning paths. Besides, deep models should adapt themselves to the testing cases with prior knowledge for better robustness, rather than only fit to the training cases. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to sensorless freehand 3D US reconstruction considering the complex skill sequences. Our contribution is three-fold. First, we advance a novel online learning framework by designing a differentiable reconstruction algorithm. It realizes an end-to-end optimization from section sequences to the reconstructed volume. Second, a self-supervised learning method is developed to explore the context information that reconstructed by the testing data itself, promoting the perception of the model. Third, inspired by the effectiveness of shape prior, we also introduce adversarial training to strengthen the learning of anatomical shape prior in the reconstructed volume. By mining the context and structural cues of the testing data, our online learning methods can drive the model to handle complex skill sequences. Experimental results on developmental dysplasia of the hip US and fetal US datasets show that, our proposed method can outperform the start-of-the-art methods regarding the shift errors and path similarities.      
### 69.Towards explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) for early anticipation of traffic accidents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00273.pdf)
>  Traffic accident anticipation is a vital function of Automated Driving Systems (ADSs) for providing a safety-guaranteed driving experience. An accident anticipation model aims to predict accidents promptly and accurately before they occur. Existing Artificial Intelligence (AI) models of accident anticipation lack a human-interpretable explanation of their decision-making. Although these models perform well, they remain a black-box to the ADS users, thus difficult to get their trust. To this end, this paper presents a Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) network that learns spatio-temporal relational features for the early anticipation of traffic accidents from dashcam video data. A post-hoc attention mechanism named Grad-CAM is integrated into the network to generate saliency maps as the visual explanation of the accident anticipation decision. An eye tracker captures human eye fixation points for generating human attention maps. The explainability of network-generated saliency maps is evaluated in comparison to human attention maps. Qualitative and quantitative results on a public crash dataset confirm that the proposed explainable network can anticipate an accident on average 4.57 seconds before it occurs, with 94.02% average precision. In further, various post-hoc attention-based XAI methods are evaluated and compared. It confirms that the Grad-CAM chosen by this study can generate high-quality, human-interpretable saliency maps (with 1.42 Normalized Scanpath Saliency) for explaining the crash anticipation decision. Importantly, results confirm that the proposed AI model, with a human-inspired design, can outperform humans in the accident anticipation.      
### 70.SyDog: A Synthetic Dog Dataset for Improved 2D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00249.pdf)
>  Estimating the pose of animals can facilitate the understanding of animal motion which is fundamental in disciplines such as biomechanics, neuroscience, ethology, robotics and the entertainment industry. Human pose estimation models have achieved high performance due to the huge amount of training data available. Achieving the same results for animal pose estimation is challenging due to the lack of animal pose datasets. To address this problem we introduce SyDog: a synthetic dataset of dogs containing ground truth pose and bounding box coordinates which was generated using the game engine, Unity. We demonstrate that pose estimation models trained on SyDog achieve better performance than models trained purely on real data and significantly reduce the need for the labour intensive labelling of images. We release the SyDog dataset as a training and evaluation benchmark for research in animal motion.      
### 71.HR-Crime: Human-Related Anomaly Detection in Surveillance Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00246.pdf)
>  The automatic detection of anomalies captured by surveillance settings is essential for speeding the otherwise laborious approach. To date, UCF-Crime is the largest available dataset for automatic visual analysis of anomalies and consists of real-world crime scenes of various categories. In this paper, we introduce HR-Crime, a subset of the UCF-Crime dataset suitable for human-related anomaly detection tasks. We rely on state-of-the-art techniques to build the feature extraction pipeline for human-related anomaly detection. Furthermore, we present the baseline anomaly detection analysis on the HR-Crime. HR-Crime as well as the developed feature extraction pipeline and the extracted features will be publicly available for further research in the field.      
### 72.Multi-scale Matching Networks for Semantic Correspondence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00211.pdf)
>  Deep features have been proven powerful in building accurate dense semantic correspondences in various previous works. However, the multi-scale and pyramidal hierarchy of convolutional neural networks has not been well studied to learn discriminative pixel-level features for semantic correspondence. In this paper, we propose a multi-scale matching network that is sensitive to tiny semantic differences between neighboring pixels. We follow the coarse-to-fine matching strategy and build a top-down feature and matching enhancement scheme that is coupled with the multi-scale hierarchy of deep convolutional neural networks. During feature enhancement, intra-scale enhancement fuses same-resolution feature maps from multiple layers together via local self-attention and cross-scale enhancement hallucinates higher-resolution feature maps along the top-down hierarchy. Besides, we learn complementary matching details at different scales thus the overall matching score is refined by features of different semantic levels gradually. Our multi-scale matching network can be trained end-to-end easily with few additional learnable parameters. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on three popular benchmarks with high computational efficiency.      
### 73.Word2Pix: Word to Pixel Cross Attention Transformer in Visual Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00205.pdf)
>  Current one-stage methods for visual grounding encode the language query as one holistic sentence embedding before fusion with visual feature. Such a formulation does not treat each word of a query sentence on par when modeling language to visual attention, therefore prone to neglect words which are less important for sentence embedding but critical for visual grounding. In this paper we propose Word2Pix: a one-stage visual grounding network based on encoder-decoder transformer architecture that enables learning for textual to visual feature correspondence via word to pixel attention. The embedding of each word from the query sentence is treated alike by attending to visual pixels individually instead of single holistic sentence embedding. In this way, each word is given equivalent opportunity to adjust the language to vision attention towards the referent target through multiple stacks of transformer decoder layers. We conduct the experiments on RefCOCO, RefCOCO+ and RefCOCOg datasets and the proposed Word2Pix outperforms existing one-stage methods by a notable margin. The results obtained also show that Word2Pix surpasses two-stage visual grounding models, while at the same time keeping the merits of one-stage paradigm namely end-to-end training and real-time inference speed intact.      
### 74.HiFT: Hierarchical Feature Transformer for Aerial Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00202.pdf)
>  Most existing Siamese-based tracking methods execute the classification and regression of the target object based on the similarity maps. However, they either employ a single map from the last convolutional layer which degrades the localization accuracy in complex scenarios or separately use multiple maps for decision making, introducing intractable computations for aerial mobile platforms. Thus, in this work, we propose an efficient and effective hierarchical feature transformer (HiFT) for aerial tracking. Hierarchical similarity maps generated by multi-level convolutional layers are fed into the feature transformer to achieve the interactive fusion of spatial (shallow layers) and semantics cues (deep layers). Consequently, not only the global contextual information can be raised, facilitating the target search, but also our end-to-end architecture with the transformer can efficiently learn the interdependencies among multi-level features, thereby discovering a tracking-tailored feature space with strong discriminability. Comprehensive evaluations on four aerial benchmarks have proven the effectiveness of HiFT. Real-world tests on the aerial platform have strongly validated its practicability with a real-time speed. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vision4robotics/HiFT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 75.Subjective Image Quality Assessment with Boosted Triplet Comparisons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00201.pdf)
>  In subjective full-reference image quality assessment, differences between perceptual image qualities of the reference image and its distorted versions are evaluated, often using degradation category ratings (DCR). However, the DCR has been criticized since differences between rating categories on this ordinal scale might not be perceptually equidistant, and observers may have different understandings of the categories. Pair comparisons (PC) of distorted images, followed by Thurstonian reconstruction of scale values, overcome these problems. In addition, PC is more sensitive than DCR, and it can provide scale values in fractional, just noticeable difference (JND) units that express a precise perceptional interpretation. Still, the comparison of images of nearly the same quality can be difficult. We introduce boosting techniques embedded in more general triplet comparisons (TC) that increase the sensitivity even more. Boosting amplifies the artefacts of distorted images, enlarges their visual representation by zooming, increases the visibility of the distortions by a flickering effect, or combines some of the above. Experimental results show the effectiveness of boosted TC for seven types of distortion. We crowdsourced over 1.7 million responses to triplet questions. A detailed analysis shows that boosting increases the discriminatory power and allows to reduce the number of subjective ratings without sacrificing the accuracy of the resulting relative image quality values. Our technique paves the way to fine-grained image quality datasets, allowing for more distortion levels, yet with high-quality subjective annotations. We also provide the details for Thurstonian scale reconstruction from TC and our annotated dataset, KonFiG-IQA, containing 10 source images, processed using 7 distortion types at 12 or even 30 levels, uniformly spaced over a span of 3 JND units.      
### 76.Unsupervised Cross-Modal Distillation for Thermal Infrared Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00187.pdf)
>  The target representation learned by convolutional neural networks plays an important role in Thermal Infrared (TIR) tracking. Currently, most of the top-performing TIR trackers are still employing representations learned by the model trained on the RGB data. However, this representation does not take into account the information in the TIR modality itself, limiting the performance of TIR tracking. To solve this problem, we propose to distill representations of the TIR modality from the RGB modality with Cross-Modal Distillation (CMD) on a large amount of unlabeled paired RGB-TIR data. We take advantage of the two-branch architecture of the baseline tracker, i.e. DiMP, for cross-modal distillation working on two components of the tracker. Specifically, we use one branch as a teacher module to distill the representation learned by the model into the other branch. Benefiting from the powerful model in the RGB modality, the cross-modal distillation can learn the TIR-specific representation for promoting TIR tracking. The proposed approach can be incorporated into different baseline trackers conveniently as a generic and independent component. Furthermore, the semantic coherence of paired RGB and TIR images is utilized as a supervised signal in the distillation loss for cross-modal knowledge transfer. In practice, three different approaches are explored to generate paired RGB-TIR patches with the same semantics for training in an unsupervised way. It is easy to extend to an even larger scale of unlabeled training data. Extensive experiments on the LSOTB-TIR dataset and PTB-TIR dataset demonstrate that our proposed cross-modal distillation method effectively learns TIR-specific target representations transferred from the RGB modality. Our tracker outperforms the baseline tracker by achieving absolute gains of 2.3% Success, 2.7% Precision, and 2.5% Normalized Precision respectively.      
### 77.Delving into Deep Image Prior for Adversarial Defense: A Novel Reconstruction-based Defense Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00180.pdf)
>  Deep learning based image classification models are shown vulnerable to adversarial attacks by injecting deliberately crafted noises to clean images. To defend against adversarial attacks in a training-free and attack-agnostic manner, this work proposes a novel and effective reconstruction-based defense framework by delving into deep image prior (DIP). Fundamentally different from existing reconstruction-based defenses, the proposed method analyzes and explicitly incorporates the model decision process into our defense. Given an adversarial image, firstly we map its reconstructed images during DIP optimization to the model decision space, where cross-boundary images can be detected and on-boundary images can be further localized. Then, adversarial noise is purified by perturbing on-boundary images along the reverse direction to the adversarial image. Finally, on-manifold images are stitched to construct an image that can be correctly predicted by the victim classifier. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms existing state-of-the-art reconstruction-based methods both in defending white-box attacks and defense-aware attacks. Moreover, the proposed method can maintain a high visual quality during adversarial image reconstruction.      
### 78.Greedy Network Enlarging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00177.pdf)
>  Recent studies on deep convolutional neural networks present a simple paradigm of architecture design, i.e., models with more MACs typically achieve better accuracy, such as EfficientNet and RegNet. These works try to enlarge all the stages in the model with one unified rule by sampling and statistical methods. However, we observe that some network architectures have similar MACs and accuracies, but their allocations on computations for different stages are quite different. In this paper, we propose to enlarge the capacity of CNN models by improving their width, depth and resolution on stage level. Under the assumption that the top-performing smaller CNNs are a proper subcomponent of the top-performing larger CNNs, we propose an greedy network enlarging method based on the reallocation of computations. With step-by-step modifying the computations on different stages, the enlarged network will be equipped with optimal allocation and utilization of MACs. On EfficientNet, our method consistently outperforms the performance of the original scaling method. In particular, with application of our method on GhostNet, we achieve state-of-the-art 80.9% and 84.3% ImageNet top-1 accuracies under the setting of 600M and 4.4B MACs, respectively.      
### 79.Learning Instance-level Spatial-Temporal Patterns for Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00171.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (Re-ID) aims to match pedestrians under dis-joint cameras. Most Re-ID methods formulate it as visual representation learning and image search, and its accuracy is consequently affected greatly by the search space. Spatial-temporal information has been proven to be efficient to filter irrelevant negative samples and significantly improve Re-ID accuracy. However, existing spatial-temporal person Re-ID methods are still rough and do not exploit spatial-temporal information sufficiently. In this paper, we propose a novel Instance-level and Spatial-Temporal Disentangled Re-ID method (InSTD), to improve Re-ID accuracy. In our proposed framework, personalized information such as moving direction is explicitly considered to further narrow down the search space. Besides, the spatial-temporal transferring probability is disentangled from joint distribution to marginal distribution, so that outliers can also be well modeled. Abundant experimental analyses are presented, which demonstrates the superiority and provides more insights into our method. The proposed method achieves mAP of 90.8% on Market-1501 and 89.1% on DukeMTMC-reID, improving from the baseline 82.2% and 72.7%, respectively. Besides, in order to provide a better benchmark for person re-identification, we release a cleaned data list of DukeMTMC-reID with this paper: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RenMin1991/cleaned-DukeMTMC-reID/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 80.A Dynamic 3D Spontaneous Micro-expression Database: Establishment and Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00166.pdf)
>  Micro-expressions are spontaneous, unconscious facial movements that show people's true inner emotions and have great potential in related fields of psychological testing. Since the face is a 3D deformation object, the occurrence of an expression can arouse spatial deformation of the face, but limited by the available databases are 2D videos, which lack the description of 3D spatial information of micro-expressions. Therefore, we proposed a new micro-expression database containing 2D video sequences and 3D point clouds sequences. The database includes 259 micro-expressions sequences, and these samples were classified using the objective method based on facial action coding system, as well as the non-objective method that combines video contents and participants' self-reports. We extracted facial 2D and 3D features using local binary patterns on three orthogonal planes and curvature descriptors, respectively, and performed baseline evaluations of the two features and their fusion results with leave-one-subject-out(LOSO) and 10-fold cross-validation methods. The best fusion performances were 58.84% and 73.03% for non-objective classification and 66.36% and 77.42% for objective classification, both of which have improved performance compared to using LBP-TOP features only.The database offers original and cropped micro-expression samples, which will facilitate the exploration and research on 3D Spatio-temporal features of micro-expressions.      
### 81.Multiplex Graph Networks for Multimodal Brain Network Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00158.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose MGNet, a simple and effective multiplex graph convolutional network (GCN) model for multimodal brain network analysis. The proposed method integrates tensor representation into the multiplex GCN model to extract the latent structures of a set of multimodal brain networks, which allows an intuitive 'grasping' of the common space for multimodal data. Multimodal representations are then generated with multiplex GCNs to capture specific graph structures. We conduct classification task on two challenging real-world datasets (HIV and Bipolar disorder), and the proposed MGNet demonstrates state-of-the-art performance compared to competitive benchmark methods. Apart from objective evaluations, this study may bear special significance upon network theory to the understanding of human connectome in different modalities. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhaomingKong/MGNets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 82.CrossFormer: A Versatile Vision Transformer Based on Cross-scale Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00154.pdf)
>  Transformers have made much progress in dealing with visual tasks. However, existing vision transformers still do not possess an ability that is important to visual input: building the attention among features of different scales. The reasons for this problem are two-fold: (1) Input embeddings of each layer are equal-scale without cross-scale features; (2) Some vision transformers sacrifice the small-scale features of embeddings to lower the cost of the self-attention module. To make up this defect, we propose Cross-scale Embedding Layer (CEL) and Long Short Distance Attention (LSDA). In particular, CEL blends each embedding with multiple patches of different scales, providing the model with cross-scale embeddings. LSDA splits the self-attention module into a short-distance and long-distance one, also lowering the cost but keeping both small-scale and large-scale features in embeddings. Through these two designs, we achieve cross-scale attention. Besides, we propose dynamic position bias for vision transformers to make the popular relative position bias apply to variable-sized images. Based on these proposed modules, we construct our vision architecture called CrossFormer. Experiments show that CrossFormer outperforms other transformers on several representative visual tasks, especially object detection and segmentation. The code has been released: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cheerss/CrossFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 83.Scene Inference for Object Illumination Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00150.pdf)
>  The seamless illumination integration between a foreground object and a background scene is an important but challenging task in computer vision and augmented reality community. However, to our knowledge, there is no publicly available high-quality dataset that meets the illumination seamless integration task, which greatly hinders the development of this research direction. To this end, we apply a physically-based rendering method to create a large-scale, high-quality dataset, named IH dataset, which provides rich illumination information for seamless illumination integration task. In addition, we propose a deep learning-based SI-GAN method, a multi-task collaborative network, which makes full use of the multi-scale attention mechanism and adversarial learning strategy to directly infer mapping relationship between the inserted foreground object and corresponding background environment, and edit object illumination according to the proposed illumination exchange mechanism in parallel network. By this means, we can achieve the seamless illumination integration without explicit estimation of 3D geometric information. Comprehensive experiments on both our dataset and real-world images collected from the Internet show that our proposed SI-GAN provides a practical and effective solution for image-based object illumination editing, and validate the superiority of our method against state-of-the-art methods.      
### 84.T$_k$ML-AP: Adversarial Attacks to Top-$k$ Multi-Label Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00146.pdf)
>  Top-$k$ multi-label learning, which returns the top-$k$ predicted labels from an input, has many practical applications such as image annotation, document analysis, and web search engine. However, the vulnerabilities of such algorithms with regards to dedicated adversarial perturbation attacks have not been extensively studied previously. In this work, we develop methods to create adversarial perturbations that can be used to attack top-$k$ multi-label learning-based image annotation systems (TkML-AP). Our methods explicitly consider the top-$k$ ranking relation and are based on novel loss functions. Experimental evaluations on large-scale benchmark datasets including PASCAL VOC and MS COCO demonstrate the effectiveness of our methods in reducing the performance of state-of-the-art top-$k$ multi-label learning methods, under both untargeted and targeted attacks.      
### 85.Manifold-Inspired Single Image Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00145.pdf)
>  Manifold models consider natural-image patches to be on a low-dimensional manifold embedded in a high dimensional state space and each patch and its similar patches to approximately lie on a linear affine subspace. Manifold models are closely related to semi-local similarity, a well-known property of natural images, referring to that for most natural-image patches, several similar patches can be found in its spatial neighborhood. Many approaches to single image interpolation use manifold models to exploit semi-local similarity by two mutually exclusive parts: i) searching each target patch's similar patches and ii) operating on the searched similar patches, the target patch and the measured input pixels to estimate the target patch. Unfortunately, aliasing in the input image makes it challenging for both parts. A very few works explicitly deal with those challenges and only ad-hoc solutions are proposed. <br>To overcome the challenge in the first part, we propose a carefully-designed adaptive technique to remove aliasing in severely aliased regions, which cannot be removed from traditional techniques. This technique enables reliable identification of similar patches even in the presence of strong aliasing. To overcome the challenge in the second part, we propose to use the aliasing-removed image to guide the initialization of the interpolated image and develop a progressive scheme to refine the interpolated image based on manifold models. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach reconstructs edges with both smoothness along contours and sharpness across profiles, and achieves an average Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR) significantly higher than existing model-based approaches.      
### 86.Pose-Guided Feature Learning with Knowledge Distillation for Occluded Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00139.pdf)
>  Occluded person re-identification (ReID) aims to match person images with occlusion. It is fundamentally challenging because of the serious occlusion which aggravates the misalignment problem between images. At the cost of incorporating a pose estimator, many works introduce pose information to alleviate the misalignment in both training and testing. To achieve high accuracy while preserving low inference complexity, we propose a network named Pose-Guided Feature Learning with Knowledge Distillation (PGFL-KD), where the pose information is exploited to regularize the learning of semantics aligned features but is discarded in testing. PGFL-KD consists of a main branch (MB), and two pose-guided branches, \ieno, a foreground-enhanced branch (FEB), and a body part semantics aligned branch (SAB). The FEB intends to emphasise the features of visible body parts while excluding the interference of obstructions and background (\ieno, foreground feature alignment). The SAB encourages different channel groups to focus on different body parts to have body part semantics aligned representation. To get rid of the dependency on pose information when testing, we regularize the MB to learn the merits of the FEB and SAB through knowledge distillation and interaction-based training. Extensive experiments on occluded, partial, and holistic ReID tasks show the effectiveness of our proposed network.      
### 87.Margin-Aware Intra-Class Novelty Identification for Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00117.pdf)
>  Traditional anomaly detection methods focus on detecting inter-class variations while medical image novelty identification is inherently an intra-class detection problem. For example, a machine learning model trained with normal chest X-ray and common lung abnormalities, is expected to discover and flag idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis which a rare lung disease and unseen by the model during training. The nuances from intra-class variations and lack of relevant training data in medical image analysis pose great challenges for existing anomaly detection methods. To tackle the challenges, we propose a hybrid model - Transformation-based Embedding learning for Novelty Detection (TEND) which without any out-of-distribution training data, performs novelty identification by combining both autoencoder-based and classifier-based method. With a pre-trained autoencoder as image feature extractor, TEND learns to discriminate the feature embeddings of in-distribution data from the transformed counterparts as fake out-of-distribution inputs. To enhance the separation, a distance objective is optimized to enforce a margin between the two classes. Extensive experimental results on both natural image datasets and medical image datasets are presented and our method out-performs state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 88.On The State of Data In Computer Vision: Human Annotations Remain Indispensable for Developing Deep Learning Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00114.pdf)
>  High-quality labeled datasets play a crucial role in fueling the development of machine learning (ML), and in particular the development of deep learning (DL). However, since the emergence of the ImageNet dataset and the AlexNet model in 2012, the size of new open-source labeled vision datasets has remained roughly constant. Consequently, only a minority of publications in the computer vision community tackle supervised learning on datasets that are orders of magnitude larger than Imagenet. In this paper, we survey computer vision research domains that study the effects of such large datasets on model performance across different vision tasks. We summarize the community's current understanding of those effects, and highlight some open questions related to training with massive datasets. In particular, we tackle: (a) The largest datasets currently used in computer vision research and the interesting takeaways from training on such datasets; (b) The effectiveness of pre-training on large datasets; (c) Recent advancements and hurdles facing synthetic datasets; (d) An overview of double descent and sample non-monotonicity phenomena; and finally, (e) A brief discussion of lifelong/continual learning and how it fares compared to learning from huge labeled datasets in an offline setting. Overall, our findings are that research on optimization for deep learning focuses on perfecting the training routine and thus making DL models less data hungry, while research on synthetic datasets aims to offset the cost of data labeling. However, for the time being, acquiring non-synthetic labeled data remains indispensable to boost performance.      
### 89.Comparing object recognition in humans and deep convolutional neural networks -- An eye tracking study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00107.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) and the ventral visual pathway share vast architectural and functional similarities in visual challenges such as object recognition. Recent insights have demonstrated that both hierarchical cascades can be compared in terms of both exerted behavior and underlying activation. However, these approaches ignore key differences in spatial priorities of information processing. In this proof-of-concept study, we demonstrate a comparison of human observers (N = 45) and three feedforward DCNNs through eye tracking and saliency maps. The results reveal fundamentally different resolutions in both visualization methods that need to be considered for an insightful comparison. Moreover, we provide evidence that a DCNN with biologically plausible receptive field sizes called vNet reveals higher agreement with human viewing behavior as contrasted with a standard ResNet architecture. We find that image-specific factors such as category, animacy, arousal, and valence have a direct link to the agreement of spatial object recognition priorities in humans and DCNNs, while other measures such as difficulty and general image properties do not. With this approach, we try to open up new perspectives at the intersection of biological and computer vision research.      
### 90.Deep Feature Tracker: A Novel Application for Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00105.pdf)
>  Feature tracking is the building block of many applications such as visual odometry, augmented reality, and target tracking. Unfortunately, the state-of-the-art vision-based tracking algorithms fail in surgical images due to the challenges imposed by the nature of such environments. In this paper, we proposed a novel and unified deep learning-based approach that can learn how to track features reliably as well as learn how to detect such reliable features for tracking purposes. The proposed network dubbed as Deep-PT, consists of a tracker network which is a convolutional neural network simulating cross-correlation in terms of deep learning and two fully connected networks that operate on the output of intermediate layers of the tracker to detect features and predict trackability of the detected points. The ability to detect features based on the capabilities of the tracker distinguishes the proposed method from previous algorithms used in this area and improves the robustness of the algorithms against dynamics of the scene. The network is trained using multiple datasets due to the lack of specialized dataset for feature tracking datasets and extensive comparisons are conducted to compare the accuracy of Deep-PT against recent pixel tracking algorithms. As the experiments suggest, the proposed deep architecture deliberately learns what to track and how to track and outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 91.A New Semi-supervised Learning Benchmark for Classifying View and Diagnosing Aortic Stenosis from Echocardiograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00080.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised image classification has shown substantial progress in learning from limited labeled data, but recent advances remain largely untested for clinical applications. Motivated by the urgent need to improve timely diagnosis of life-threatening heart conditions, especially aortic stenosis, we develop a benchmark dataset to assess semi-supervised approaches to two tasks relevant to cardiac ultrasound (echocardiogram) interpretation: view classification and disease severity classification. We find that a state-of-the-art method called MixMatch achieves promising gains in heldout accuracy on both tasks, learning from a large volume of truly unlabeled images as well as a labeled set collected at great expense to achieve better performance than is possible with the labeled set alone. We further pursue patient-level diagnosis prediction, which requires aggregating across hundreds of images of diverse view types, most of which are irrelevant, to make a coherent prediction. The best patient-level performance is achieved by new methods that prioritize diagnosis predictions from images that are predicted to be clinically-relevant views and transfer knowledge from the view task to the diagnosis task. We hope our released Tufts Medical Echocardiogram Dataset and evaluation framework inspire further improvements in multi-task semi-supervised learning for clinical applications.      
### 92.Object-aware Contrastive Learning for Debiased Scene Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00049.pdf)
>  Contrastive self-supervised learning has shown impressive results in learning visual representations from unlabeled images by enforcing invariance against different data augmentations. However, the learned representations are often contextually biased to the spurious scene correlations of different objects or object and background, which may harm their generalization on the downstream tasks. To tackle the issue, we develop a novel object-aware contrastive learning framework that first (a) localizes objects in a self-supervised manner and then (b) debias scene correlations via appropriate data augmentations considering the inferred object locations. For (a), we propose the contrastive class activation map (ContraCAM), which finds the most discriminative regions (e.g., objects) in the image compared to the other images using the contrastively trained models. We further improve the ContraCAM to detect multiple objects and entire shapes via an iterative refinement procedure. For (b), we introduce two data augmentations based on ContraCAM, object-aware random crop and background mixup, which reduce contextual and background biases during contrastive self-supervised learning, respectively. Our experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our representation learning framework, particularly when trained under multi-object images or evaluated under the background (and distribution) shifted images.      
### 93.Controlling Weather Field Synthesis Using Variational Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00048.pdf)
>  One of the consequences of climate change is anobserved increase in the frequency of extreme cli-mate events. That poses a challenge for weatherforecast and generation algorithms, which learnfrom historical data but should embed an often un-certain bias to create correct scenarios. This paperinvestigates how mapping climate data to a knowndistribution using variational autoencoders mighthelp explore such biases and control the synthesisof weather fields towards more extreme climatescenarios. We experimented using a monsoon-affected precipitation dataset from southwest In-dia, which should give a roughly stable pattern ofrainy days and ease our investigation. We reportcompelling results showing that mapping complexweather data to a known distribution implementsan efficient control for weather field synthesis to-wards more (or less) extreme scenarios.      
### 94.Multi-Head Self-Attention via Vision Transformer for Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00045.pdf)
>  Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL) aims to recognise unseen object classes, which are not observed during the training phase. The existing body of works on ZSL mostly relies on pretrained visual features and lacks the explicit attribute localisation mechanism on images. In this work, we propose an attention-based model in the problem settings of ZSL to learn attributes useful for unseen class recognition. Our method uses an attention mechanism adapted from Vision Transformer to capture and learn discriminative attributes by splitting images into small patches. We conduct experiments on three popular ZSL benchmarks (i.e., AWA2, CUB and SUN) and set new state-of-the-art harmonic mean results {on all the three datasets}, which illustrate the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 95.Self-Supervised Disentangled Representation Learning for Third-Person Imitation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01069.pdf)
>  Humans learn to imitate by observing others. However, robot imitation learning generally requires expert demonstrations in the first-person view (FPV). Collecting such FPV videos for every robot could be very expensive. Third-person imitation learning (TPIL) is the concept of learning action policies by observing other agents in a third-person view (TPV), similar to what humans do. This ultimately allows utilizing human and robot demonstration videos in TPV from many different data sources, for the policy learning. In this paper, we present a TPIL approach for robot tasks with egomotion. Although many robot tasks with ground/aerial mobility often involve actions with camera egomotion, study on TPIL for such tasks has been limited. Here, FPV and TPV observations are visually very different; FPV shows egomotion while the agent appearance is only observable in TPV. To enable better state learning for TPIL, we propose our disentangled representation learning method. We use a dual auto-encoder structure plus representation permutation loss and time-contrastive loss to ensure the state and viewpoint representations are well disentangled. Our experiments show the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 96.Musical Speech: A Transformer-based Composition Tool  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01043.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new compositional tool that will generate a musical outline of speech recorded/provided by the user for use as a musical building block in their compositions. The tool allows any user to use their own speech to generate musical material, while still being able to hear the direct connection between their recorded speech and the resulting music. The tool is built on our proposed pipeline. This pipeline begins with speech-based signal processing, after which some simple musical heuristics are applied, and finally these pre-processed signals are passed through Transformer models trained on new musical tasks. We illustrate the effectiveness of our pipeline -- which does not require a paired dataset for training -- through examples of music created by musicians making use of our tool.      
### 97.Bringing AI pipelines onto cloud-HPC: setting a baseline for accuracy of COVID-19 AI diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01033.pdf)
>  HPC is an enabling platform for AI. The introduction of AI workloads in the HPC applications basket has non-trivial consequences both on the way of designing AI applications and on the way of providing HPC computing. This is the leitmotif of the convergence between HPC and AI. The formalized definition of AI pipelines is one of the milestones of HPC-AI convergence. If well conducted, it allows, on the one hand, to obtain portable and scalable applications. On the other hand, it is crucial for the reproducibility of scientific pipelines. In this work, we advocate the StreamFlow Workflow Management System as a crucial ingredient to define a parametric pipeline, called "CLAIRE COVID-19 Universal Pipeline," which is able to explore the optimization space of methods to classify COVID-19 lung lesions from CT scans, compare them for accuracy, and therefore set a performance baseline. The universal pipeline automatizes the training of many different Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) and many different hyperparameters. It, therefore, requires a massive computing power, which is found in traditional HPC infrastructure thanks to the portability-by-design of pipelines designed with StreamFlow. Using the universal pipeline, we identified a DNN reaching over 90% accuracy in detecting COVID-19 lesions in CT scans.      
### 98.Multi-phase Liver Tumor Segmentation with Spatial Aggregation and Uncertain Region Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00911.pdf)
>  Multi-phase computed tomography (CT) images provide crucial complementary information for accurate liver tumor segmentation (LiTS). State-of-the-art multi-phase LiTS methods usually fused cross-phase features through phase-weighted summation or channel-attention based concatenation. However, these methods ignored the spatial (pixel-wise) relationships between different phases, hence leading to insufficient feature integration. In addition, the performance of existing methods remains subject to the uncertainty in segmentation, which is particularly acute in tumor boundary regions. In this work, we propose a novel LiTS method to adequately aggregate multi-phase information and refine uncertain region segmentation. To this end, we introduce a spatial aggregation module (SAM), which encourages per-pixel interactions between different phases, to make full use of cross-phase information. Moreover, we devise an uncertain region inpainting module (URIM) to refine uncertain pixels using neighboring discriminative features. Experiments on an in-house multi-phase CT dataset of focal liver lesions (MPCT-FLLs) demonstrate that our method achieves promising liver tumor segmentation and outperforms state-of-the-arts.      
### 99.Projective Skip-Connections for Segmentation Along a Subset of Dimensions in Retinal OCT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00831.pdf)
>  In medical imaging, there are clinically relevant segmentation tasks where the output mask is a projection to a subset of input image dimensions. In this work, we propose a novel convolutional neural network architecture that can effectively learn to produce a lower-dimensional segmentation mask than the input image. The network restores encoded representation only in a subset of input spatial dimensions and keeps the representation unchanged in the others. The newly proposed projective skip-connections allow linking the encoder and decoder in a UNet-like structure. We evaluated the proposed method on two clinically relevant tasks in retinal Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT): geographic atrophy and retinal blood vessel segmentation. The proposed method outperformed the current state-of-the-art approaches on all the OCT datasets used, consisting of 3D volumes and corresponding 2D en-face masks. The proposed architecture fills the methodological gap between image classification and ND image segmentation.      
### 100.Cohort Bias Adaptation in Aggregated Datasets for Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00713.pdf)
>  Many automatic machine learning models developed for focal pathology (e.g. lesions, tumours) detection and segmentation perform well, but do not generalize as well to new patient cohorts, impeding their widespread adoption into real clinical contexts. One strategy to create a more diverse, generalizable training set is to naively pool datasets from different cohorts. Surprisingly, training on this \it{big data} does not necessarily increase, and may even reduce, overall performance and model generalizability, due to the existence of cohort biases that affect label distributions. In this paper, we propose a generalized affine conditioning framework to learn and account for cohort biases across multi-source datasets, which we call Source-Conditioned Instance Normalization (SCIN). Through extensive experimentation on three different, large scale, multi-scanner, multi-centre Multiple Sclerosis (MS) clinical trial MRI datasets, we show that our cohort bias adaptation method (1) improves performance of the network on pooled datasets relative to naively pooling datasets and (2) can quickly adapt to a new cohort by fine-tuning the instance normalization parameters, thus learning the new cohort bias with only 10 labelled samples.      
### 101.Bespoke Fractal Sampling Patterns for Discrete Fourier Space via the Kaleidoscope Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00639.pdf)
>  Sampling strategies are important for sparse imaging methodologies, especially those employing the discrete Fourier transform (DFT). Chaotic sensing is one such methodology that employs deterministic, fractal sampling in conjunction with finite, iterative reconstruction schemes to form an image from limited samples. Using a sampling pattern constructed entirely from periodic lines in DFT space, chaotic sensing was found to outperform traditional compressed sensing for magnetic resonance imaging; however, only one such sampling pattern was presented and the reason for its fractal nature was not proven. Through the introduction of a novel image transform known as the kaleidoscope transform, which formalises and extends upon the concept of downsampling and concatenating an image with itself, this paper: (1) demonstrates a fundamental relationship between multiplication in modular arithmetic and downsampling; (2) provides a rigorous mathematical explanation for the fractal nature of the sampling pattern in the DFT; and (3) leverages this understanding to develop a collection of novel fractal sampling patterns for the 2D DFT with customisable properties. The ability to design tailor-made fractal sampling patterns expands the utility of the DFT in chaotic imaging and may form the basis for a bespoke chaotic sensing methodology, in which the fractal sampling matches the imaging task for improved reconstruction.      
### 102.Automated Pest Detection with DNN on the Edge for Precision Agriculture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00421.pdf)
>  Artificial intelligence has smoothly penetrated several economic activities, especially monitoring and control applications, including the agriculture sector. However, research efforts toward low-power sensing devices with fully functional machine learning (ML) on-board are still fragmented and limited in smart farming. Biotic stress is one of the primary causes of crop yield reduction. With the development of deep learning in computer vision technology, autonomous detection of pest infestation through images has become an important research direction for timely crop disease diagnosis. This paper presents an embedded system enhanced with ML functionalities, ensuring continuous detection of pest infestation inside fruit orchards. The embedded solution is based on a low-power embedded sensing system along with a Neural Accelerator able to capture and process images inside common pheromone-based traps. Three different ML algorithms have been trained and deployed, highlighting the capabilities of the platform. Moreover, the proposed approach guarantees an extended battery life thanks to the integration of energy harvesting functionalities. Results show how it is possible to automate the task of pest infestation for unlimited time without the farmer's intervention.      
### 103.Style Curriculum Learning for Robust Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00402.pdf)
>  The performance of deep segmentation models often degrades due to distribution shifts in image intensities between the training and test data sets. This is particularly pronounced in multi-centre studies involving data acquired using multi-vendor scanners, with variations in acquisition protocols. It is challenging to address this degradation because the shift is often not known \textit{a priori} and hence difficult to model. We propose a novel framework to ensure robust segmentation in the presence of such distribution shifts. Our contribution is three-fold. First, inspired by the spirit of curriculum learning, we design a novel style curriculum to train the segmentation models using an easy-to-hard mode. A style transfer model with style fusion is employed to generate the curriculum samples. Gradually focusing on complex and adversarial style samples can significantly boost the robustness of the models. Second, instead of subjectively defining the curriculum complexity, we adopt an automated gradient manipulation method to control the hard and adversarial sample generation process. Third, we propose the Local Gradient Sign strategy to aggregate the gradient locally and stabilise training during gradient manipulation. The proposed framework can generalise to unknown distribution without using any target data. Extensive experiments on the public M\&amp;Ms Challenge dataset demonstrate that our proposed framework can generalise deep models well to unknown distributions and achieve significant improvements in segmentation accuracy.      
### 104.BadEncoder: Backdoor Attacks to Pre-trained Encoders in Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00352.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning in computer vision aims to pre-train an image encoder using a large amount of unlabeled images or (image, text) pairs. The pre-trained image encoder can then be used as a feature extractor to build downstream classifiers for many downstream tasks with a small amount of or no labeled training data. In this work, we propose BadEncoder, the first backdoor attack to self-supervised learning. In particular, our BadEncoder injects backdoors into a pre-trained image encoder such that the downstream classifiers built based on the backdoored image encoder for different downstream tasks simultaneously inherit the backdoor behavior. We formulate our BadEncoder as an optimization problem and we propose a gradient descent based method to solve it, which produces a backdoored image encoder from a clean one. Our extensive empirical evaluation results on multiple datasets show that our BadEncoder achieves high attack success rates while preserving the accuracy of the downstream classifiers. We also show the effectiveness of BadEncoder using two publicly available, real-world image encoders, i.e., Google's image encoder pre-trained on ImageNet and OpenAI's Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP) image encoder pre-trained on 400 million (image, text) pairs collected from the Internet. Moreover, we consider defenses including Neural Cleanse and MNTD (empirical defenses) as well as PatchGuard (a provable defense). Our results show that these defenses are insufficient to defend against BadEncoder, highlighting the needs for new defenses against our BadEncoder. Our code is publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jjy1994/BadEncoder" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 105.Conditional Bures Metric for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00302.pdf)
>  As a vital problem in classification-oriented transfer, unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) has attracted widespread attention in recent years. Previous UDA methods assume the marginal distributions of different domains are shifted while ignoring the discriminant information in the label distributions. This leads to classification performance degeneration in real applications. In this work, we focus on the conditional distribution shift problem which is of great concern to current conditional invariant models. We aim to seek a kernel covariance embedding for conditional distribution which remains yet unexplored. Theoretically, we propose the Conditional Kernel Bures (CKB) metric for characterizing conditional distribution discrepancy, and derive an empirical estimation for the CKB metric without introducing the implicit kernel feature map. It provides an interpretable approach to understand the knowledge transfer mechanism. The established consistency theory of the empirical estimation provides a theoretical guarantee for convergence. A conditional distribution matching network is proposed to learn the conditional invariant and discriminative features for UDA. Extensive experiments and analysis show the superiority of our proposed model.      
### 106.Unlimited Neighborhood Interaction for Heterogeneous Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00238.pdf)
>  Understanding complex social interactions among agents is a key challenge for trajectory prediction. Most existing methods consider the interactions between pairwise traffic agents or in a local area, while the nature of interactions is unlimited, involving an uncertain number of agents and non-local areas simultaneously. Besides, they only focus on homogeneous trajectory prediction, namely those among agents of the same category, while neglecting people's diverse reaction patterns toward traffic agents in different categories. To address these problems, we propose a simple yet effective Unlimited Neighborhood Interaction Network (UNIN), which predicts trajectories of heterogeneous agents in multiply categories. Specifically, the proposed unlimited neighborhood interaction module generates the fused-features of all agents involved in an interaction simultaneously, which is adaptive to any number of agents and any range of interaction area. Meanwhile, a hierarchical graph attention module is proposed to obtain category-tocategory interaction and agent-to-agent interaction. Finally, parameters of a Gaussian Mixture Model are estimated for generating the future trajectories. Extensive experimental results on benchmark datasets demonstrate a significant performance improvement of our method over the state-ofthe-art methods.      
### 107.Learning with Noisy Labels via Sparse Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00192.pdf)
>  Learning with noisy labels is an important and challenging task for training accurate deep neural networks. Some commonly-used loss functions, such as Cross Entropy (CE), suffer from severe overfitting to noisy labels. Robust loss functions that satisfy the symmetric condition were tailored to remedy this problem, which however encounter the underfitting effect. In this paper, we theoretically prove that \textbf{any loss can be made robust to noisy labels} by restricting the network output to the set of permutations over a fixed vector. When the fixed vector is one-hot, we only need to constrain the output to be one-hot, which however produces zero gradients almost everywhere and thus makes gradient-based optimization difficult. In this work, we introduce the sparse regularization strategy to approximate the one-hot constraint, which is composed of network output sharpening operation that enforces the output distribution of a network to be sharp and the $\ell_p$-norm ($p\le 1$) regularization that promotes the network output to be sparse. This simple approach guarantees the robustness of arbitrary loss functions while not hindering the fitting ability. Experimental results demonstrate that our method can significantly improve the performance of commonly-used loss functions in the presence of noisy labels and class imbalance, and outperform the state-of-the-art methods. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hitcszx/lnl_sr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 108.Thermal Image Super-Resolution Using Second-Order Channel Attention with Varying Receptive Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00094.pdf)
>  Thermal images model the long-infrared range of the electromagnetic spectrum and provide meaningful information even when there is no visible illumination. Yet, unlike imagery that represents radiation from the visible continuum, infrared images are inherently low-resolution due to hardware constraints. The restoration of thermal images is critical for applications that involve safety, search and rescue, and military operations. In this paper, we introduce a system to efficiently reconstruct thermal images. Specifically, we explore how to effectively attend to contrasting receptive fields (RFs) where increasing the RFs of a network can be computationally expensive. For this purpose, we introduce a deep attention to varying receptive fields network (AVRFN). We supply a gated convolutional layer with higher-order information extracted from disparate RFs, whereby an RF is parameterized by a dilation rate. In this way, the dilation rate can be tuned to use fewer parameters thus increasing the efficacy of AVRFN. Our experimental results show an improvement over the state of the art when compared against competing thermal image super-resolution methods.      
### 109.MTVR: Multilingual Moment Retrieval in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.00061.pdf)
>  We introduce mTVR, a large-scale multilingual video moment retrieval dataset, containing 218K English and Chinese queries from 21.8K TV show video clips. The dataset is collected by extending the popular TVR dataset (in English) with paired Chinese queries and subtitles. Compared to existing moment retrieval datasets, mTVR is multilingual, larger, and comes with diverse annotations. We further propose mXML, a multilingual moment retrieval model that learns and operates on data from both languages, via encoder parameter sharing and language neighborhood constraints. We demonstrate the effectiveness of mXML on the newly collected MTVR dataset, where mXML outperforms strong monolingual baselines while using fewer parameters. In addition, we also provide detailed dataset analyses and model ablations. Data and code are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jayleicn/mTVRetrieval" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
