# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 10 Aug 2021
### 1.Adding Visibility to Visibility Graphs: Weighting Visibility Analysis with Attenuation Coefficients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04231.pdf)
>  Evaluating the built environment based on visibility has been long used as a tool for human-centric design. The origins of isovists and visibility graphs are within interior spaces, while more recently, these evaluation techniques have been applied in the urban context. One of the key differentiators of an outside environment is the weather, which has largely been ignored in the design computation and space-syntax research areas. While a visibility graph is a straightforward metric for determining connectivity between regions of space through a line of sight calculation, this approach largely ignores the actual visibility of one point to another. This paper introduces a new method for weighting a visibility graph based on weather conditions (i.e. rain, fog, snow). These new factors are integrated into visibility graphs and applied to sample environments to demonstrate the variance between assuming a straight line of sight and reduced visibility.      
### 2.Workshop on Autonomous Driving at CVPR 2021: Technical Report for Streaming Perception Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04230.pdf)
>  In this report, we introduce our real-time 2D object detection system for the realistic autonomous driving scenario. Our detector is built on a newly designed YOLO model, called YOLOX. On the Argoverse-HD dataset, our system achieves 41.0 streaming AP, which surpassed second place by 7.8/6.1 on detection-only track/fully track, respectively. Moreover, equipped with TensorRT, our model achieves the 30FPS inference speed with a high-resolution input size (e.g., 1440-2304). Code and models will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 3.Looking for the Signs: Identifying Isolated Sign Instances in Continuous Video Footage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04229.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the task of one-shot sign spotting, i.e. given an example of an isolated sign (query), we want to identify whether/where this sign appears in a continuous, co-articulated sign language video (target). To achieve this goal, we propose a transformer-based network, called SignLookup. We employ 3D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to extract spatio-temporal representations from video clips. To solve the temporal scale discrepancies between the query and the target videos, we construct multiple queries from a single video clip using different frame-level strides. Self-attention is applied across these query clips to simulate a continuous scale space. We also utilize another self-attention module on the target video to learn the contextual within the sequence. Finally a mutual-attention is used to match the temporal scales to localize the query within the target sequence. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach can not only reliably identify isolated signs in continuous videos, regardless of the signers' appearance, but can also generalize to different sign languages. By taking advantage of the attention mechanism and the adaptive features, our model achieves state-of-the-art performance on the sign spotting task with accuracy as high as 96% on challenging benchmark datasets and significantly outperforming other approaches.      
### 4.Towards Better Uncertainty: Iterative Training of Efficient Networks for Multitask Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04228.pdf)
>  When recognizing emotions, subtle nuances of emotion displays often cause ambiguity or uncertainty in emotion perception. Unfortunately, the ambiguity or uncertainty cannot be reflected in hard emotion labels. Emotion predictions with uncertainty can be useful for risk controlling, but they are relatively scarce in current deep models for emotion recognition. To address this issue, we propose to apply the multi-generational self-distillation algorithm to emotion recognition task towards better uncertainty estimation performance. <br>We firstly use deep ensembles to capture uncertainty, as an approximation to Bayesian methods. Secondly, the deep ensemble provides soft labels to its student models, while the student models can learn from the uncertainty embedded in those soft labels. Thirdly, we iteratively train deep ensembles to further improve the performance of emotion recognition and uncertainty estimation. In the end, our algorithm results in a single student model that can estimate in-domain uncertainty and a student ensemble that can detect out-of-domain samples. We trained our Efficient Multitask Emotion Networks (EMENet) on the Aff-wild2 dataset, and conducted extensive experiments on emotion recognition and uncertainty estimation. Our algorithm gives more reliable uncertainty estimates than Temperature Scaling and Monte Carol Dropout.      
### 5.Directly Training Joint Energy-Based Models for Conditional Synthesis and Calibrated Prediction of Multi-Attribute Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04227.pdf)
>  Multi-attribute classification generalizes classification, presenting new challenges for making accurate predictions and quantifying uncertainty. We build upon recent work and show that architectures for multi-attribute prediction can be reinterpreted as energy-based models (EBMs). While existing EBM approaches achieve strong discriminative performance, they are unable to generate samples conditioned on novel attribute combinations. We propose a simple extension which expands the capabilities of EBMs to generating accurate conditional samples. Our approach, combined with newly developed techniques in energy-based model training, allows us to directly maximize the likelihood of data and labels under the unnormalized joint distribution. We evaluate our proposed approach on high-dimensional image data with high-dimensional binary attribute labels. We find our models are capable of both accurate, calibrated predictions and high-quality conditional synthesis of novel attribute combinations.      
### 6.Class-Agnostic Segmentation Loss and Its Application to Salient Object Detection and Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04226.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a novel loss function, called class-agnostic segmentation (CAS) loss. With CAS loss the class descriptors are learned during training of the network. We don't require to define the label of a class a-priori, rather the CAS loss clusters regions with similar appearance together in a weakly-supervised manner. Furthermore, we show that the CAS loss function is sparse, bounded, and robust to class-imbalance. We first apply our CAS loss function with fully-convolutional ResNet101 and DeepLab-v3 architectures to the binary segmentation problem of salient object detection. We investigate the performance against the state-of-the-art methods in two settings of low and high-fidelity training data on seven salient object detection datasets. For low-fidelity training data (incorrect class label) class-agnostic segmentation loss outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on salient object detection datasets by staggering margins of around 50%. For high-fidelity training data (correct class labels) class-agnostic segmentation models perform as good as the state-of-the-art approaches while beating the state-of-the-art methods on most datasets. In order to show the utility of the loss function across different domains we then also test on general segmentation dataset, where class-agnostic segmentation loss outperforms competing losses by huge margins.      
### 7.Adversarial Motorial Prototype Framework for Open Set Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04225.pdf)
>  Open set recognition is designed to identify known classes and to reject unknown classes simultaneously. Specifically, identifying known classes and rejecting unknown classes correspond to reducing the empirical risk and the open space risk, respectively. First, the motorial prototype framework (MPF) is proposed, which classifies known classes according to the prototype classification idea. Moreover, a motorial margin constraint term is added into the loss function of the MPF, which can further improve the clustering compactness of known classes in the feature space to reduce both risks. Second, this paper proposes the adversarial motorial prototype framework (AMPF) based on the MPF. On the one hand, this model can generate adversarial samples and add these samples into the training phase; on the other hand, it can further improve the differential mapping ability of the model to known and unknown classes with the adversarial motion of the margin constraint radius. Finally, this paper proposes an upgraded version of the AMPF, AMPF++, which adds much more generated unknown samples into the training phase. In this paper, a large number of experiments prove that the performance of the proposed models is superior to that of other current works.      
### 8.Contrast R-CNN for Continual Learning in Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04224.pdf)
>  The continual learning problem has been widely studied in image classification, while rare work has been explored in object detection. Some recent works apply knowledge distillation to constrain the model to retain old knowledge, but this rigid constraint is detrimental for learning new knowledge. In our paper, we propose a new scheme for continual learning of object detection, namely Contrast R-CNN, an approach strikes a balance between retaining the old knowledge and learning the new knowledge. Furthermore, we design a Proposal Contrast to eliminate the ambiguity between old and new instance to make the continual learning more robust. Extensive evaluation on the PASCAL VOC dataset demonstrates the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 9.Merging Tasks for Video Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04223.pdf)
>  In this paper, the task of video panoptic segmentation is studied and two different methods to solve the task will be proposed. Video panoptic segmentation (VPS) is a recently introduced computer vision task that requires classifying and tracking every pixel in a given video. The nature of this task makes the cost of annotating datasets for it prohibiting. To understand video panoptic segmentation, first, earlier introduced constituent tasks that focus on semantics and tracking separately will be researched. Thereafter, two data-driven approaches which do not require training on a tailored VPS dataset will be selected to solve it. The first approach will show how a model for video panoptic segmentation can be built by heuristically fusing the outputs of a pre-trained semantic segmentation model and a pre-trained multi-object tracking model. This can be desired if one wants to easily extend the capabilities of either model. The second approach will counter some of the shortcomings of the first approach by building on top of a shared neural network backbone with task-specific heads. This network is designed for panoptic segmentation and will be extended by a mask propagation module to link instance masks across time, yielding the video panoptic segmentation format.      
### 10.Segmentation of VHR EO Images using Unsupervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04222.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation is a crucial step in many Earth observation tasks. Large quantity of pixel-level annotation is required to train deep networks for semantic segmentation. Earth observation techniques are applied to varieties of applications and since classes vary widely depending on the applications, therefore, domain knowledge is often required to label Earth observation images, impeding availability of labeled training data in many Earth observation applications. To tackle these challenges, in this paper we propose an unsupervised semantic segmentation method that can be trained using just a single unlabeled scene. Remote sensing scenes are generally large. The proposed method exploits this property to sample smaller patches from the larger scene and uses deep clustering and contrastive learning to refine the weights of a lightweight deep model composed of a series of the convolution layers along with an embedded channel attention. After unsupervised training on the target image/scene, the model automatically segregates the major classes present in the scene and produces the segmentation map. Experimental results on the Vaihingen dataset demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed method.      
### 11.ABD-Net: Attention Based Decomposition Network for 3D Point Cloud Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04221.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose Attention Based Decomposition Network (ABD-Net), for point cloud decomposition into basic geometric shapes namely, plane, sphere, cone and cylinder. We show improved performance of 3D object classification using attention features based on primitive shapes in point clouds. Point clouds, being the simple and compact representation of 3D objects have gained increasing popularity. They demand robust methods for feature extraction due to unorderness in point sets. In ABD-Net the proposed Local Proximity Encapsulator captures the local geometric variations along with spatial encoding around each point from the input point sets. The encapsulated local features are further passed to proposed Attention Feature Encoder to learn basic shapes in point cloud. Attention Feature Encoder models geometric relationship between the neighborhoods of all the points resulting in capturing global point cloud information. We demonstrate the results of our proposed ABD-Net on ANSI mechanical component and ModelNet40 datasets. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of ABD-Net over the acquired attention features by improving the performance of 3D object classification on ModelNet40 benchmark dataset and compare them with state-of-the-art techniques.      
### 12.End-to-end Malaria Diagnosis and 3D Cell Rendering with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04220.pdf)
>  Malaria is a parasitic infection that poses a significant burden on global health. It kills one child every 30 seconds and over one million people annually. If diagnosed in a timely manner, however, most people can be effectively treated with antimalarial therapy. Several deaths due to malaria are byproducts of disparities in the social determinants of health; the current gold standard for diagnosing malaria requires microscopes, reagents, and other equipment that most patients of low socioeconomic brackets do not have access to. In this paper, we propose a convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture that allows for rapid automated diagnosis of malaria (achieving a high classification accuracy of 98%), as well as a deep neural network (DNN) based three-dimensional (3D) modeling algorithm that renders 3D models of parasitic cells in augmented reality (AR). This creates an opportunity to optimize the current workflow for malaria diagnosis and demonstrates potential for deep learning models to improve telemedicine practices and patient health literacy on a global scale.      
### 13.Pragmatic Image Compression for Human-in-the-Loop Decision-Making  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04219.pdf)
>  Standard lossy image compression algorithms aim to preserve an image's appearance, while minimizing the number of bits needed to transmit it. However, the amount of information actually needed by a user for downstream tasks -- e.g., deciding which product to click on in a shopping website -- is likely much lower. To achieve this lower bitrate, we would ideally only transmit the visual features that drive user behavior, while discarding details irrelevant to the user's decisions. We approach this problem by training a compression model through human-in-the-loop learning as the user performs tasks with the compressed images. The key insight is to train the model to produce a compressed image that induces the user to take the same action that they would have taken had they seen the original image. To approximate the loss function for this model, we train a discriminator that tries to distinguish whether a user's action was taken in response to the compressed image or the original. We evaluate our method through experiments with human participants on four tasks: reading handwritten digits, verifying photos of faces, browsing an online shopping catalogue, and playing a car racing video game. The results show that our method learns to match the user's actions with and without compression at lower bitrates than baseline methods, and adapts the compression model to the user's behavior: it preserves the digit number and randomizes handwriting style in the digit reading task, preserves hats and eyeglasses while randomizing faces in the photo verification task, preserves the perceived price of an item while randomizing its color and background in the online shopping task, and preserves upcoming bends in the road in the car racing game.      
### 14.eRAKI: Fast Robust Artificial neural networks for K-space Interpolation (RAKI) with Coil Combination and Joint Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04218.pdf)
>  RAKI can perform database-free MRI reconstruction by training models using only auto-calibration signal (ACS) from each specific scan. As it trains a separate model for each individual coil, learning and inference with RAKI can be computationally prohibitive, particularly for large 3D datasets. In this abstract, we accelerate RAKI more than 200 times by directly learning a coil-combined target and further improve the reconstruction performance using joint reconstruction across multiple echoes together with an elliptical-CAIPI sampling approach. We further deploy these improvements in quantitative imaging and rapidly obtain T2 and T2* parameter maps from a fast EPTI scan.      
### 15.ROPUST: Improving Robustness through Fine-tuning with Photonic Processors and Synthetic Gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04217.pdf)
>  Robustness to adversarial attacks is typically obtained through expensive adversarial training with Projected Gradient Descent. Here we introduce ROPUST, a remarkably simple and efficient method to leverage robust pre-trained models and further increase their robustness, at no cost in natural accuracy. Our technique relies on the use of an Optical Processing Unit (OPU), a photonic co-processor, and a fine-tuning step performed with Direct Feedback Alignment, a synthetic gradient training scheme. We test our method on nine different models against four attacks in RobustBench, consistently improving over state-of-the-art performance. We perform an ablation study on the single components of our defense, showing that robustness arises from parameter obfuscation and the alternative training method. We also introduce phase retrieval attacks, specifically designed to increase the threat level of attackers against our own defense. We show that even with state-of-the-art phase retrieval techniques, ROPUST remains an effective defense.      
### 16.AutoVideo: An Automated Video Action Recognition System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04212.pdf)
>  Action recognition is a crucial task for video understanding. In this paper, we present AutoVideo, a Python system for automated video action recognition. It currently supports seven action recognition algorithms and various pre-processing modules. Unlike the existing libraries that only provide model zoos, AutoVideo is built with the standard pipeline language. The basic building block is primitive, which wraps a pre-processing module or an algorithm with some hyperparameters. AutoVideo is highly modular and extendable. It can be easily combined with AutoML searchers. The pipeline language is quite general so that we can easily enrich AutoVideo with algorithms for various other video-related tasks in the future. AutoVideo is released under MIT license at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/datamllab/autovideo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 17.Meta Gradient Adversarial Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04204.pdf)
>  In recent years, research on adversarial attacks has become a hot spot. Although current literature on the transfer-based adversarial attack has achieved promising results for improving the transferability to unseen black-box models, it still leaves a long way to go. Inspired by the idea of meta-learning, this paper proposes a novel architecture called Meta Gradient Adversarial Attack (MGAA), which is plug-and-play and can be integrated with any existing gradient-based attack method for improving the cross-model transferability. Specifically, we randomly sample multiple models from a model zoo to compose different tasks and iteratively simulate a white-box attack and a black-box attack in each task. By narrowing the gap between the gradient directions in white-box and black-box attacks, the transferability of adversarial examples on the black-box setting can be improved. Extensive experiments on the CIFAR10 and ImageNet datasets show that our architecture outperforms the state-of-the-art methods for both black-box and white-box attack settings.      
### 18.Neural Representation Learning for Scribal Hands of Linear B  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04199.pdf)
>  In this work, we present an investigation into the use of neural feature extraction in performing scribal hand analysis of the Linear B writing system. While prior work has demonstrated the usefulness of strategies such as phylogenetic systematics in tracing Linear B's history, these approaches have relied on manually extracted features which can be very time consuming to define by hand. Instead we propose learning features using a fully unsupervised neural network that does not require any human annotation. Specifically our model assigns each glyph written by the same scribal hand a shared vector embedding to represent that author's stylistic patterns, and each glyph representing the same syllabic sign a shared vector embedding to represent the identifying shape of that character. Thus the properties of each image in our dataset are represented as the combination of a scribe embedding and a sign embedding. We train this model using both a reconstructive loss governed by a decoder that seeks to reproduce glyphs from their corresponding embeddings, and a discriminative loss which measures the model's ability to predict whether or not an embedding corresponds to a given image. Among the key contributions of this work we (1) present a new dataset of Linear B glyphs, annotated by scribal hand and sign type, (2) propose a neural model for disentangling properties of scribal hands from glyph shape, and (3) quantitatively evaluate the learned embeddings on findplace prediction and similarity to manually extracted features, showing improvements over simpler baseline methods.      
### 19.Pose is all you need: The pose only group activity recognition system (POGARS)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04186.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel deep learning based group activity recognition approach called the Pose Only Group Activity Recognition System (POGARS), designed to use only tracked poses of people to predict the performed group activity. In contrast to existing approaches for group activity recognition, POGARS uses 1D CNNs to learn spatiotemporal dynamics of individuals involved in a group activity and forgo learning features from pixel data. The proposed model uses a spatial and temporal attention mechanism to infer person-wise importance and multi-task learning for simultaneously performing group and individual action classification. Experimental results confirm that POGARS achieves highly competitive results compared to state-of-the-art methods on a widely used public volleyball dataset despite only using tracked pose as input. Further our experiments show by using pose only as input, POGARS has better generalization capabilities compared to methods that use RGB as input.      
### 20.Estimation of excess air coefficient on coal combustion processes via gauss model and artificial neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04180.pdf)
>  It is no doubt that the most important contributing cause of global efficiency of coal fired thermal systems is combustion efficiency. In this study, the relationship between the flame image obtained by a CCD camera and the excess air coefficient ({\lambda}) has been modelled. The model has been obtained with a three-stage approach: 1) Data collection and synchronization: Obtaining the flame images by means of a CCD camera mounted on a 10 cm diameter observation port, {\lambda} data has been coordinately measured and recorded by the flue gas analyzer. 2) Feature extraction: Gridding the flame image, it is divided into small pieces. The uniformity of each piece to the optimal flame image has been calculated by means of modelling with single and multivariable Gaussian, calculating of color probabilities and Gauss mixture approach. 3) Matching and testing: A multilayer artificial neural network (ANN) has been used for the matching of feature-{\lambda}.      
### 21.Novel scorpion detection system combining computer vision and fluorescence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04177.pdf)
>  In this work, a fully automatic and real-time system for the detection of scorpions was developed using computer vision and deep learning techniques. This system is based on the implementation of a double validation process using the shape features and the fluorescent characteristics of scorpions when exposed to ultraviolet (UV) light. The Haar Cascade Classifier (HCC) and YOLO (You Only Look Once) models have been used and compared as the first mechanism for the scorpion shape detection. The detection of the fluorescence emitted by the scorpions under UV light has been used as a second detection mechanism in order to increase the accuracy and precision of the system. The results obtained show that the system can accurately and reliably detect the presence of scorpions. In addition, values obtained of recall of 100% is essential with the purpose of providing a health security tool. Although the developed system can only be used at night or in dark environment, where the fluorescence emitted by the scorpions can be visualized, the nocturnal activity of scorpions justifies the incorporation of this second validation mechanism.      
### 22.Distributionally Robust Segmentation of Abnormal Fetal Brain 3D MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04175.pdf)
>  The performance of deep neural networks typically increases with the number of training images. However, not all images have the same importance towards improved performance and robustness. In fetal brain MRI, abnormalities exacerbate the variability of the developing brain anatomy compared to non-pathological cases. A small number of abnormal cases, as is typically available in clinical datasets used for training, are unlikely to fairly represent the rich variability of abnormal developing brains. This leads machine learning systems trained by maximizing the average performance to be biased toward non-pathological cases. This problem was recently referred to as hidden stratification. To be suited for clinical use, automatic segmentation methods need to reliably achieve high-quality segmentation outcomes also for pathological cases. In this paper, we show that the state-of-the-art deep learning pipeline nnU-Net has difficulties to generalize to unseen abnormal cases. To mitigate this problem, we propose to train a deep neural network to minimize a percentile of the distribution of per-volume loss over the dataset. We show that this can be achieved by using Distributionally Robust Optimization (DRO). DRO automatically reweights the training samples with lower performance, encouraging nnU-Net to perform more consistently on all cases. We validated our approach using a dataset of 368 fetal brain T2w MRIs, including 124 MRIs of open spina bifida cases and 51 MRIs of cases with other severe abnormalities of brain development.      
### 23.Improving Global Forest Mapping by Semi-automatic Sample Labeling with Deep Learning on Google Earth Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04173.pdf)
>  Global forest cover is critical to the provision of certain ecosystem services. With the advent of the google earth engine cloud platform, fine resolution global land cover mapping task could be accomplished in a matter of days instead of years. The amount of global forest cover (GFC) products has been steadily increasing in the last decades. However, it's hard for users to select suitable one due to great differences between these products, and the accuracy of these GFC products has not been verified on global scale. To provide guidelines for users and producers, it is urgent to produce a validation sample set at the global level. However, this labeling task is time and labor consuming, which has been the main obstacle to the progress of global land cover mapping. In this research, a labor-efficient semi-automatic framework is introduced to build a biggest ever Forest Sample Set (FSS) contained 395280 scattered samples categorized as forest, shrubland, grassland, impervious surface, etc. On the other hand, to provide guidelines for the users, we comprehensively validated the local and global mapping accuracy of all existing 30m GFC products, and analyzed and mapped the agreement of them. Moreover, to provide guidelines for the producers, optimal sampling strategy was proposed to improve the global forest classification. Furthermore, a new global forest cover named GlobeForest2020 has been generated, which proved to improve the previous highest state-of-the-art accuracies (obtained by Gong et al., 2017) by 2.77% in uncertain grids and by 1.11% in certain grids.      
### 24.Using Deep Learning for Visual Decoding and Reconstruction from Brain Activity: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04169.pdf)
>  This literature review will discuss the use of deep learning methods for image reconstruction using fMRI data. More specifically, the quality of image reconstruction will be determined by the choice in decoding and reconstruction architectures. I will show that these structures can struggle with adaptability to various input stimuli due to complicated objects in images. Also, the significance of feature representation will be evaluated. This paper will conclude the use of deep learning within visual decoding and reconstruction is highly optimal when using variations of deep neural networks and will provide details of potential future work.      
### 25.No-Reference Image Quality Assessment by Hallucinating Pristine Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04165.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a no-reference (NR) image quality assessment (IQA) method via feature level pseudo-reference (PR) hallucination. The proposed quality assessment framework is grounded on the prior models of natural image statistical behaviors and rooted in the view that the perceptually meaningful features could be well exploited to characterize the visual quality. Herein, the PR features from the distorted images are learned by a mutual learning scheme with the pristine reference as the supervision, and the discriminative characteristics of PR features are further ensured with the triplet constraints. Given a distorted image for quality inference, the feature level disentanglement is performed with an invertible neural layer for final quality prediction, leading to the PR and the corresponding distortion features for comparison. The effectiveness of our proposed method is demonstrated on four popular IQA databases, and superior performance on cross-database evaluation also reveals the high generalization capability of our method. The implementation of our method is publicly available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Baoliang93/FPR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Manifold-Aware Synthesis of High Resolution Diffusion from Structural Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04135.pdf)
>  The physical and clinical constraints surrounding diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) often limit the spatial resolution of the produced images to voxels up to 8 times larger than those of T1w images. Thus, the detailed information contained in T1w imagescould help in the synthesis of diffusion images in higher resolution. However, the non-Euclidean nature of diffusion imaging hinders current deep generative models from synthesizing physically plausible images. In this work, we propose the first Riemannian network architecture for the direct generation of diffusion tensors (DT) and diffusion orientation distribution functions (dODFs) from high-resolution T1w images. Our integration of the Log-Euclidean Metric into a learning objective guarantees, unlike standard Euclidean networks, the mathematically-valid synthesis of diffusion. Furthermore, our approach improves the fractional anisotropy mean squared error (FA MSE) between the synthesized diffusion and the ground-truth by more than 23% and the cosine similarity between principal directions by almost 5% when compared to our baselines. We validate our generated diffusion by comparing the resulting tractograms to our expected real data. We observe similar fiber bundles with streamlines having less than 3% difference in length, less than 1% difference in volume, and a visually close shape. While our method is able to generate high-resolution diffusion images from structural inputs in less than 15 seconds, we acknowledge and discuss the limits of diffusion inference solely relying on T1w images. Our results nonetheless suggest a relationship between the high-level geometry of the brain and the overall white matter architecture.      
### 27.Transfer Learning Gaussian Anomaly Detection by Fine-Tuning Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04116.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art Anomaly Detection (AD) methods exploit the powerful representations yielded by large-scale ImageNet training. However, catastrophic forgetting prevents the successful fine-tuning of pre-trained representations on new datasets in the semi/unsupervised setting, and representations are therefore commonly fixed. <br>In our work, we propose a new method to fine-tune learned representations for AD in a transfer learning setting. Based on the linkage between generative and discriminative modeling, we induce a multivariate Gaussian distribution for the normal class, and use the Mahalanobis distance of normal images to the distribution as training objective. We additionally propose to use augmentations commonly employed for vicinal risk minimization in a validation scheme to detect onset of catastrophic forgetting. <br>Extensive evaluations on the public MVTec AD dataset reveal that a new state of the art is achieved by our method in the AD task while simultaneously achieving AS performance comparable to prior state of the art. Further, ablation studies demonstrate the importance of the induced Gaussian distribution as well as the robustness of the proposed fine-tuning scheme with respect to the choice of augmentations.      
### 28.Development and evaluation of intraoperative ultrasound segmentation with negative image frames and multiple observer labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04114.pdf)
>  When developing deep neural networks for segmenting intraoperative ultrasound images, several practical issues are encountered frequently, such as the presence of ultrasound frames that do not contain regions of interest and the high variance in ground-truth labels. In this study, we evaluate the utility of a pre-screening classification network prior to the segmentation network. Experimental results demonstrate that such a classifier, minimising frame classification errors, was able to directly impact the number of false positive and false negative frames. Importantly, the segmentation accuracy on the classifier-selected frames, that would be segmented, remains comparable to or better than those from standalone segmentation networks. Interestingly, the efficacy of the pre-screening classifier was affected by the sampling methods for training labels from multiple observers, a seemingly independent problem. We show experimentally that a previously proposed approach, combining random sampling and consensus labels, may need to be adapted to perform well in our application. Furthermore, this work aims to share practical experience in developing a machine learning application that assists highly variable interventional imaging for prostate cancer patients, to present robust and reproducible open-source implementations, and to report a set of comprehensive results and analysis comparing these practical, yet important, options in a real-world clinical application.      
### 29.End-to-end Neural Video Coding Using a Compound Spatiotemporal Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04103.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed rapid advances in learnt video coding. Most algorithms have solely relied on the vector-based motion representation and resampling (e.g., optical flow based bilinear sampling) for exploiting the inter frame redundancy. In spite of the great success of adaptive kernel-based resampling (e.g., adaptive convolutions and deformable convolutions) in video prediction for uncompressed videos, integrating such approaches with rate-distortion optimization for inter frame coding has been less successful. Recognizing that each resampling solution offers unique advantages in regions with different motion and texture characteristics, we propose a hybrid motion compensation (HMC) method that adaptively combines the predictions generated by these two approaches. Specifically, we generate a compound spatiotemporal representation (CSTR) through a recurrent information aggregation (RIA) module using information from the current and multiple past frames. We further design a one-to-many decoder pipeline to generate multiple predictions from the CSTR, including vector-based resampling, adaptive kernel-based resampling, compensation mode selection maps and texture enhancements, and combines them adaptively to achieve more accurate inter prediction. Experiments show that our proposed inter coding system can provide better motion-compensated prediction and is more robust to occlusions and complex motions. Together with jointly trained intra coder and residual coder, the overall learnt hybrid coder yields the state-of-the-art coding efficiency in low-delay scenario, compared to the traditional H.264/AVC and H.265/HEVC, as well as recently published learning-based methods, in terms of both PSNR and MS-SSIM metrics.      
### 30.Zero in on Shape: A Generic 2D-3D Instance Similarity Metric learned from Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04091.pdf)
>  We present a network architecture which compares RGB images and untextured 3D models by the similarity of the represented shape. Our system is optimised for zero-shot retrieval, meaning it can recognise shapes never shown in training. We use a view-based shape descriptor and a siamese network to learn object geometry from pairs of 3D models and 2D images. Due to scarcity of datasets with exact photograph-mesh correspondences, we train our network with only synthetic data. Our experiments investigate the effect of different qualities and quantities of training data on retrieval accuracy and present insights from bridging the domain gap. We show that increasing the variety of synthetic data improves retrieval accuracy and that our system's performance in zero-shot mode can match that of the instance-aware mode, as far as narrowing down the search to the top 10% of objects.      
### 31.Detecting Visual Design Principles in Art and Architecture through Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04048.pdf)
>  Visual design is associated with the use of some basic design elements and principles. Those are applied by the designers in the various disciplines for aesthetic purposes, relying on an intuitive and subjective process. Thus, numerical analysis of design visuals and disclosure of the aesthetic value embedded in them are considered as hard. However, it has become possible with emerging artificial intelligence technologies. This research aims at a neural network model, which recognizes and classifies the design principles over different domains. The domains include artwork produced since the late 20th century; professional photos; and facade pictures of contemporary buildings. The data collection and curation processes, including the production of computationally-based synthetic dataset, is genuine. The proposed model learns from the knowledge of myriads of original designs, by capturing the underlying shared patterns. It is expected to consolidate design processes by providing an aesthetic evaluation of the visual compositions with objectivity.      
### 32.Two-stream Convolutional Networks for Multi-frame Face Anti-spoofing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04032.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing is an important task to protect the security of face recognition. Most of previous work either struggle to capture discriminative and generalizable feature or rely on auxiliary information which is unavailable for most of industrial product. Inspired by the video classification work, we propose an efficient two-stream model to capture the key differences between live and spoof faces, which takes multi-frames and RGB difference as input respectively. Feature pyramid modules with two opposite fusion directions and pyramid pooling modules are applied to enhance feature representation. We evaluate the proposed method on the datasets of Siw, Oulu-NPU, CASIA-MFSD and Replay-Attack. The results show that our model achieves the state-of-the-art results on most of datasets' protocol with much less parameter size.      
### 33.Tensor Yard: One-Shot Algorithm of Hardware-Friendly Tensor-Train Decomposition for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04029.pdf)
>  Nowadays Deep Learning became widely used in many economic, technical and scientific areas of human interest. It is clear that efficiency of solutions based on Deep Neural Networks should consider not only quality metric for the target task, but also latency and constraints of target platform design should be taken into account. In this paper we present novel hardware-friendly Tensor-Train decomposition implementation for Convolutional Neural Networks together with Tensor Yard - one-shot training algorithm which optimizes an order of decomposition of network layers. These ideas allow to accelerate ResNet models on Ascend 310 NPU devices without significant loss of accuracy. For example we accelerate ResNet-101 by 14.6% with drop by 0.5 of top-1 ImageNet accuracy.      
### 34.Image Retrieval on Real-life Images with Pre-trained Vision-and-Language Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04024.pdf)
>  We extend the task of composed image retrieval, where an input query consists of an image and short textual description of how to modify the image. Existing methods have only been applied to non-complex images within narrow domains, such as fashion products, thereby limiting the scope of study on in-depth visual reasoning in rich image and language contexts. To address this issue, we collect the Compose Image Retrieval on Real-life images (CIRR) dataset, which consists of over 36,000 pairs of crowd-sourced, open-domain images with human-generated modifying text. To extend current methods to the open-domain, we propose CIRPLANT, a transformer based model that leverages rich pre-trained vision-and-language (V&amp;L) knowledge for modifying visual features conditioned on natural language. Retrieval is then done by nearest neighbor lookup on the modified features. We demonstrate that with a relatively simple architecture, CIRPLANT outperforms existing methods on open-domain images, while matching state-of-the-art accuracy on the existing narrow datasets, such as fashion. Together with the release of CIRR, we believe this work will inspire further research on composed image retrieval.      
### 35.DRINet: A Dual-Representation Iterative Learning Network for Point Cloud Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04023.pdf)
>  We present a novel and flexible architecture for point cloud segmentation with dual-representation iterative learning. In point cloud processing, different representations have their own pros and cons. Thus, finding suitable ways to represent point cloud data structure while keeping its own internal physical property such as permutation and scale-invariant is a fundamental problem. Therefore, we propose our work, DRINet, which serves as the basic network structure for dual-representation learning with great flexibility at feature transferring and less computation cost, especially for large-scale point clouds. DRINet mainly consists of two modules called Sparse Point-Voxel Feature Extraction and Sparse Voxel-Point Feature Extraction. By utilizing these two modules iteratively, features can be propagated between two different representations. We further propose a novel multi-scale pooling layer for pointwise locality learning to improve context information propagation. Our network achieves state-of-the-art results for point cloud classification and segmentation tasks on several datasets while maintaining high runtime efficiency. For large-scale outdoor scenarios, our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods with a real-time inference speed of 62ms per frame.      
### 36.Deep Learning methods for automatic evaluation of delayed enhancement-MRI. The results of the EMIDEC challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04016.pdf)
>  A key factor for assessing the state of the heart after myocardial infarction (MI) is to measure whether the myocardium segment is viable after reperfusion or revascularization therapy. Delayed enhancement-MRI or DE-MRI, which is performed several minutes after injection of the contrast agent, provides high contrast between viable and nonviable myocardium and is therefore a method of choice to evaluate the extent of MI. To automatically assess myocardial status, the results of the EMIDEC challenge that focused on this task are presented in this paper. The challenge's main objectives were twofold. First, to evaluate if deep learning methods can distinguish between normal and pathological cases. Second, to automatically calculate the extent of myocardial infarction. The publicly available database consists of 150 exams divided into 50 cases with normal MRI after injection of a contrast agent and 100 cases with myocardial infarction (and then with a hyperenhanced area on DE-MRI), whatever their inclusion in the cardiac emergency department. Along with MRI, clinical characteristics are also provided. The obtained results issued from several works show that the automatic classification of an exam is a reachable task (the best method providing an accuracy of 0.92), and the automatic segmentation of the myocardium is possible. However, the segmentation of the diseased area needs to be improved, mainly due to the small size of these areas and the lack of contrast with the surrounding structures.      
### 37.Dynamic Multi-Scale Loss Optimization for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04014.pdf)
>  With the continuous improvement of the performance of object detectors via advanced model architectures, imbalance problems in the training process have received more attention. It is a common paradigm in object detection frameworks to perform multi-scale detection. However, each scale is treated equally during training. In this paper, we carefully study the objective imbalance of multi-scale detector training. We argue that the loss in each scale level is neither equally important nor independent. Different from the existing solutions of setting multi-task weights, we dynamically optimize the loss weight of each scale level in the training process. Specifically, we propose an Adaptive Variance Weighting (AVW) to balance multi-scale loss according to the statistical variance. Then we develop a novel Reinforcement Learning Optimization (RLO) to decide the weighting scheme probabilistically during training. The proposed dynamic methods make better utilization of multi-scale training loss without extra computational complexity and learnable parameters for backpropagation. Experiments show that our approaches can consistently boost the performance over various baseline detectors on Pascal VOC and MS COCO benchmark.      
### 38.Transductive Few-Shot Classification on the Oblique Manifold  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04009.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning (FSL) attempts to learn with limited data. In this work, we perform the feature extraction in the Euclidean space and the geodesic distance metric on the Oblique Manifold (OM). Specially, for better feature extraction, we propose a non-parametric Region Self-attention with Spatial Pyramid Pooling (RSSPP), which realizes a trade-off between the generalization and the discriminative ability of the single image feature. Then, we embed the feature to OM as a point. Furthermore, we design an Oblique Distance-based Classifier (ODC) that achieves classification in the tangent spaces which better approximate OM locally by learnable tangency points. Finally, we introduce a new method for parameters initialization and a novel loss function in the transductive settings. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm and it outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the popular benchmarks: mini-ImageNet, tiered-ImageNet, and Caltech-UCSD Birds-200-2011 (CUB).      
### 39.TriTransNet: RGB-D Salient Object Detection with a Triplet Transformer Embedding Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03990.pdf)
>  Salient object detection is the pixel-level dense prediction task which can highlight the prominent object in the scene. Recently U-Net framework is widely used, and continuous convolution and pooling operations generate multi-level features which are complementary with each other. In view of the more contribution of high-level features for the performance, we propose a triplet transformer embedding module to enhance them by learning long-range dependencies across layers. It is the first to use three transformer encoders with shared weights to enhance multi-level features. By further designing scale adjustment module to process the input, devising three-stream decoder to process the output and attaching depth features to color features for the multi-modal fusion, the proposed triplet transformer embedding network (TriTransNet) achieves the state-of-the-art performance in RGB-D salient object detection, and pushes the performance to a new level. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed modules and the competition of TriTransNet.      
### 40.FA-GAN: Fused Attentive Generative Adversarial Networks for MRI Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03920.pdf)
>  High-resolution magnetic resonance images can provide fine-grained anatomical information, but acquiring such data requires a long scanning time. In this paper, a framework called the Fused Attentive Generative Adversarial Networks(FA-GAN) is proposed to generate the super-resolution MR image from low-resolution magnetic resonance images, which can reduce the scanning time effectively but with high resolution MR images. In the framework of the FA-GAN, the local fusion feature block, consisting of different three-pass networks by using different convolution kernels, is proposed to extract image features at different scales. And the global feature fusion module, including the channel attention module, the self-attention module, and the fusion operation, is designed to enhance the important features of the MR image. Moreover, the spectral normalization process is introduced to make the discriminator network stable. 40 sets of 3D magnetic resonance images (each set of images contains 256 slices) are used to train the network, and 10 sets of images are used to test the proposed method. The experimental results show that the PSNR and SSIM values of the super-resolution magnetic resonance image generated by the proposed FA-GAN method are higher than the state-of-the-art reconstruction methods.      
### 41.Selective Light Field Refocusing for Camera Arrays Using Bokeh Rendering and Superresolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03918.pdf)
>  Camera arrays provide spatial and angular information within a single snapshot. With refocusing methods, focal planes can be altered after exposure. In this letter, we propose a light field refocusing method to improve the imaging quality of camera arrays. In our method, the disparity is first estimated. Then, the unfocused region (bokeh) is rendered by using a depth-based anisotropic filter. Finally, the refocused image is produced by a reconstruction-based superresolution approach where the bokeh image is used as a regularization term. Our method can selectively refocus images with focused region being superresolved and bokeh being aesthetically rendered. Our method also enables postadjustment of depth of field. We conduct experiments on both public and self-developed datasets. Our method achieves superior visual performance with acceptable computational cost as compared to other state-of-the-art methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YingqianWang/Selective-LF-Refocusing" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.LatticeNet: Fast Spatio-Temporal Point Cloud Segmentation Using Permutohedral Lattices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03917.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown outstanding performance in the task of semantically segmenting images. Applying the same methods on 3D data still poses challenges due to the heavy memory requirements and the lack of structured data. Here, we propose LatticeNet, a novel approach for 3D semantic segmentation, which takes raw point clouds as input. A PointNet describes the local geometry which we embed into a sparse permutohedral lattice. The lattice allows for fast convolutions while keeping a low memory footprint. Further, we introduce DeformSlice, a novel learned data-dependent interpolation for projecting lattice features back onto the point cloud. We present results of 3D segmentation on multiple datasets where our method achieves state-of-the-art performance. We also extend and evaluate our network for instance and dynamic object segmentation.      
### 43.FIFA: Fast Inference Approximation for Action Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03894.pdf)
>  We introduce FIFA, a fast approximate inference method for action segmentation and alignment. Unlike previous approaches, FIFA does not rely on expensive dynamic programming for inference. Instead, it uses an approximate differentiable energy function that can be minimized using gradient-descent. FIFA is a general approach that can replace exact inference improving its speed by more than 5 times while maintaining its performance. FIFA is an anytime inference algorithm that provides a better speed vs. accuracy trade-off compared to exact inference. We apply FIFA on top of state-of-the-art approaches for weakly supervised action segmentation and alignment as well as fully supervised action segmentation. FIFA achieves state-of-the-art results on most metrics on two action segmentation datasets.      
### 44.Self-supervised Learning of Occlusion Aware Flow Guided 3D Geometry Perception with Adaptive Cross Weighted Loss from Monocular Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03893.pdf)
>  Self-supervised deep learning-based 3D scene understanding methods can overcome the difficulty of acquiring the densely labeled ground-truth and have made a lot of advances. However, occlusions and moving objects are still some of the major limitations. In this paper, we explore the learnable occlusion aware optical flow guided self-supervised depth and camera pose estimation by an adaptive cross weighted loss to address the above limitations. Firstly, we explore to train the learnable occlusion mask fused optical flow network by an occlusion-aware photometric loss with the temporally supplemental information and backward-forward consistency of adjacent views. And then, we design an adaptive cross-weighted loss between the depth-pose and optical flow loss of the geometric and photometric error to distinguish the moving objects which violate the static scene assumption. Our method shows promising results on KITTI, Make3D, and Cityscapes datasets under multiple tasks. We also show good generalization ability under a variety of challenging scenarios.      
### 45.NeuralMVS: Bridging Multi-View Stereo and Novel View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03880.pdf)
>  Multi-View Stereo (MVS) is a core task in 3D computer vision. With the surge of novel deep learning methods, learned MVS has surpassed the accuracy of classical approaches, but still relies on building a memory intensive dense cost volume. Novel View Synthesis (NVS) is a parallel line of research and has recently seen an increase in popularity with Neural Radiance Field (NeRF) models, which optimize a per scene radiance field. However, NeRF methods do not generalize to novel scenes and are slow to train and test. We propose to bridge the gap between these two methodologies with a novel network that can recover 3D scene geometry as a distance function, together with high-resolution color images. Our method uses only a sparse set of images as input and can generalize well to novel scenes. Additionally, we propose a coarse-to-fine sphere tracing approach in order to significantly increase speed. We show on various datasets that our method reaches comparable accuracy to per-scene optimized methods while being able to generalize and running significantly faster.      
### 46.Rain Removal and Illumination Enhancement Done in One Go  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03873.pdf)
>  Rain removal plays an important role in the restoration of degraded images. Recently, data-driven methods have achieved remarkable success. However, these approaches neglect that the appearance of rain is often accompanied by low light conditions, which will further degrade the image quality. Therefore, it is very indispensable to jointly remove the rain and enhance the light for real-world rain image restoration. In this paper, we aim to address this problem from two aspects. First, we proposed a novel entangled network, namely EMNet, which can remove the rain and enhance illumination in one go. Specifically, two encoder-decoder networks interact complementary information through entanglement structure, and parallel rain removal and illumination enhancement. Considering that the encoder-decoder structure is unreliable in preserving spatial details, we employ a detail recovery network to restore the desired fine texture. Second, we present a new synthetic dataset, namely DarkRain, to boost the development of rain image restoration algorithms in practical scenarios. DarkRain not only contains different degrees of rain, but also considers different lighting conditions, and more realistically simulates the rainfall in the real world. EMNet is extensively evaluated on the proposed benchmark and achieves state-of-the-art results. In addition, after a simple transformation, our method outshines existing methods in both rain removal and low-light image enhancement. The source code and dataset will be made publicly available later.      
### 47.TransForensics: Image Forgery Localization with Dense Self-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03871.pdf)
>  Nowadays advanced image editing tools and technical skills produce tampered images more realistically, which can easily evade image forensic systems and make authenticity verification of images more difficult. To tackle this challenging problem, we introduce TransForensics, a novel image forgery localization method inspired by Transformers. The two major components in our framework are dense self-attention encoders and dense correction modules. The former is to model global context and all pairwise interactions between local patches at different scales, while the latter is used for improving the transparency of the hidden layers and correcting the outputs from different branches. Compared to previous traditional and deep learning methods, TransForensics not only can capture discriminative representations and obtain high-quality mask predictions but is also not limited by tampering types and patch sequence orders. By conducting experiments on main benchmarks, we show that TransForensics outperforms the stateof-the-art methods by a large margin.      
### 48.Complementary Patch for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03852.pdf)
>  Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation (WSSS) based on image-level labels has been greatly advanced by exploiting the outputs of Class Activation Map (CAM) to generate the pseudo labels for semantic segmentation. However, CAM merely discovers seeds from a small number of regions, which may be insufficient to serve as pseudo masks for semantic segmentation. In this paper, we formulate the expansion of object regions in CAM as an increase in information. From the perspective of information theory, we propose a novel Complementary Patch (CP) Representation and prove that the information of the sum of the CAMs by a pair of input images with complementary hidden (patched) parts, namely CP Pair, is greater than or equal to the information of the baseline CAM. Therefore, a CAM with more information related to object seeds can be obtained by narrowing down the gap between the sum of CAMs generated by the CP Pair and the original CAM. We propose a CP Network (CPN) implemented by a triplet network and three regularization functions. To further improve the quality of the CAMs, we propose a Pixel-Region Correlation Module (PRCM) to augment the contextual information by using object-region relations between the feature maps and the CAMs. Experimental results on the PASCAL VOC 2012 datasets show that our proposed method achieves a new state-of-the-art in WSSS, validating the effectiveness of our CP Representation and CPN.      
### 49.Regularizing Nighttime Weirdness: Efficient Self-supervised Monocular Depth Estimation in the Dark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03830.pdf)
>  Monocular depth estimation aims at predicting depth from a single image or video. Recently, self-supervised methods draw much attention, due to their free of depth annotations and impressive performance on several daytime benchmarks, such as KITTI and Cityscapes. However, they produce weird outputs in more challenging nighttime scenarios because of low visibility and varying illuminations, which bring weak textures and break brightness-consistency assumption, respectively. To address these problems, in this paper we propose a novel framework with several improvements: (1) we introduce Priors-Based Regularization to learn distribution knowledge from unpaired depth maps and prevent model from being incorrectly trained; (2) we leverage Mapping-Consistent Image Enhancement module to enhance image visibility and contrast while maintaining brightness consistency; and (3) we present Statistics-Based Mask strategy to tune the number of removed pixels within textureless regions, using dynamic statistics. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of each component. Meanwhile, our framework achieves remarkable improvements and state-of-the-art results on two nighttime datasets.      
### 50.Weakly-Supervised Spatio-Temporal Anomaly Detection in Surveillance Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03825.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel task, referred to as Weakly-Supervised Spatio-Temporal Anomaly Detection (WSSTAD) in surveillance video. Specifically, given an untrimmed video, WSSTAD aims to localize a spatio-temporal tube (i.e., a sequence of bounding boxes at consecutive times) that encloses the abnormal event, with only coarse video-level annotations as supervision during training. To address this challenging task, we propose a dual-branch network which takes as input the proposals with multi-granularities in both spatial-temporal domains. Each branch employs a relationship reasoning module to capture the correlation between tubes/videolets, which can provide rich contextual information and complex entity relationships for the concept learning of abnormal behaviors. Mutually-guided Progressive Refinement framework is set up to employ dual-path mutual guidance in a recurrent manner, iteratively sharing auxiliary supervision information across branches. It impels the learned concepts of each branch to serve as a guide for its counterpart, which progressively refines the corresponding branch and the whole framework. Furthermore, we contribute two datasets, i.e., ST-UCF-Crime and STRA, consisting of videos containing spatio-temporal abnormal annotations to serve as the benchmarks for WSSTAD. We conduct extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach and analyze the key factors that contribute more to handle this task.      
### 51.AA-RMVSNet: Adaptive Aggregation Recurrent Multi-view Stereo Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03824.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel recurrent multi-view stereo network based on long short-term memory (LSTM) with adaptive aggregation, namely AA-RMVSNet. We firstly introduce an intra-view aggregation module to adaptively extract image features by using context-aware convolution and multi-scale aggregation, which efficiently improves the performance on challenging regions, such as thin objects and large low-textured surfaces. To overcome the difficulty of varying occlusion in complex scenes, we propose an inter-view cost volume aggregation module for adaptive pixel-wise view aggregation, which is able to preserve better-matched pairs among all views. The two proposed adaptive aggregation modules are lightweight, effective and complementary regarding improving the accuracy and completeness of 3D reconstruction. Instead of conventional 3D CNNs, we utilize a hybrid network with recurrent structure for cost volume regularization, which allows high-resolution reconstruction and finer hypothetical plane sweep. The proposed network is trained end-to-end and achieves excellent performance on various datasets. It ranks $1^{st}$ among all submissions on Tanks and Temples benchmark and achieves competitive results on DTU dataset, which exhibits strong generalizability and robustness. Implementation of our method is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/QT-Zhu/AA-RMVSNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 52.Towards to Robust and Generalized Medical Image Segmentation Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03823.pdf)
>  To mitigate the radiologist's workload, computer-aided diagnosis with the capability to review and analyze medical images is gradually deployed. Deep learning-based region of interest segmentation is among the most exciting use cases. However, this paradigm is restricted in real-world clinical applications due to poor robustness and generalization. The issue is more sinister with a lack of training data. In this paper, we address the challenge from the representation learning point of view. We investigate that the collapsed representations, as one of the main reasons which caused poor robustness and generalization, could be avoided through transfer learning. Therefore, we propose a novel two-stage framework for robust generalized segmentation. In particular, an unsupervised Tile-wise AutoEncoder (T-AE) pretraining architecture is coined to learn meaningful representation for improving the generalization and robustness of the downstream tasks. Furthermore, the learned knowledge is transferred to the segmentation benchmark. Coupled with an image reconstruction network, the representation keeps to be decoded, encouraging the model to capture more semantic features. Experiments of lung segmentation on multi chest X-ray datasets are conducted. Empirically, the related experimental results demonstrate the superior generalization capability of the proposed framework on unseen domains in terms of high performance and robustness to corruption, especially under the scenario of the limited training data.      
### 53.Video Annotation for Visual Tracking via Selection and Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03821.pdf)
>  Deep learning based visual trackers entail offline pre-training on large volumes of video datasets with accurate bounding box annotations that are labor-expensive to achieve. We present a new framework to facilitate bounding box annotations for video sequences, which investigates a selection-and-refinement strategy to automatically improve the preliminary annotations generated by tracking algorithms. A temporal assessment network (T-Assess Net) is proposed which is able to capture the temporal coherence of target locations and select reliable tracking results by measuring their quality. Meanwhile, a visual-geometry refinement network (VG-Refine Net) is also designed to further enhance the selected tracking results by considering both target appearance and temporal geometry constraints, allowing inaccurate tracking results to be corrected. The combination of the above two networks provides a principled approach to ensure the quality of automatic video annotation. Experiments on large scale tracking benchmarks demonstrate that our method can deliver highly accurate bounding box annotations and significantly reduce human labor by 94.0%, yielding an effective means to further boost tracking performance with augmented training data.      
### 54.DistillPose: Lightweight Camera Localization Using Auxiliary Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03819.pdf)
>  We propose a lightweight retrieval-based pipeline to predict 6DOF camera poses from RGB images. Our pipeline uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) to encode a query image as a feature vector. A nearest neighbor lookup finds the pose-wise nearest database image. A siamese convolutional neural network regresses the relative pose from the nearest neighboring database image to the query image. The relative pose is then applied to the nearest neighboring absolute pose to obtain the query image's final absolute pose prediction. Our model is a distilled version of NN-Net that reduces its parameters by 98.87%, information retrieval feature vector size by 87.5%, and inference time by 89.18% without a significant decrease in localization accuracy.      
### 55.P-WAE: Generalized Patch-Wasserstein Autoencoder for Anomaly Screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03815.pdf)
>  To mitigate the inspector's workload and improve the quality of the product, computer vision-based anomaly detection (AD) techniques are gradually deployed in real-world industrial scenarios. Recent anomaly analysis benchmarks progress to generative models. The aim is to model the defect-free distribution so that anomalies can be classified as out-of-distribution samples. Nevertheless, there are two disturbing factors that need researchers and deployers to prioritize: (i) the simplistic prior latent distribution inducing limited expressive capability; (ii) the collapsed mutual-dependent features resulting in poor generalization. In this paper, we propose a novel Patch-wise Wasserstein AutoEncoder (P-WAE) architecture to alleviate those challenges. In particular, a patch-wise variational inference model coupled with solving the jigsaw puzzle is designed, which is a simple yet effective way to increase the expressiveness and complexity of the latent manifold. This alleviates the blurry reconstruction problem. In addition, the Hilbert-Schmidt Independence Criterion (HSIC) bottleneck is introduced to constrain the over-regularization representation. Comprehensive experiments, conducted on the MVTec AD dataset, demonstrate the superior performance of our propo      
### 56.PSGR: Pixel-wise Sparse Graph Reasoning for COVID-19 Pneumonia Segmentation in CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03809.pdf)
>  Automated and accurate segmentation of the infected regions in computed tomography (CT) images is critical for the prediction of the pathological stage and treatment response of COVID-19. Several deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) have been designed for this task, whose performance, however, tends to be suppressed by their limited local receptive fields and insufficient global reasoning ability. In this paper, we propose a pixel-wise sparse graph reasoning (PSGR) module and insert it into a segmentation network to enhance the modeling of long-range dependencies for COVID-19 infected region segmentation in CT images. In the PSGR module, a graph is first constructed by projecting each pixel on a node based on the features produced by the segmentation backbone, and then converted into a sparsely-connected graph by keeping only K strongest connections to each uncertain pixel. The long-range information reasoning is performed on the sparsely-connected graph to generate enhanced features. The advantages of this module are two-fold: (1) the pixel-wise mapping strategy not only avoids imprecise pixel-to-node projections but also preserves the inherent information of each pixel for global reasoning; and (2) the sparsely-connected graph construction results in effective information retrieval and reduction of the noise propagation. The proposed solution has been evaluated against four widely-used segmentation models on three public datasets. The results show that the segmentation model equipped with our PSGR module can effectively segment COVID-19 infected regions in CT images, outperforming all other competing models.      
### 57.COVID-view: Diagnosis of COVID-19 using Chest CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03799.pdf)
>  Significant work has been done towards deep learning (DL) models for automatic lung and lesion segmentation and classification of COVID-19 on chest CT data. However, comprehensive visualization systems focused on supporting the dual visual+DL diagnosis of COVID-19 are non-existent. We present COVID-view, a visualization application specially tailored for radiologists to diagnose COVID-19 from chest CT data. The system incorporates a complete pipeline of automatic lungs segmentation, localization/ isolation of lung abnormalities, followed by visualization, visual and DL analysis, and measurement/quantification tools. Our system combines the traditional 2D workflow of radiologists with newer 2D and 3D visualization techniques with DL support for a more comprehensive diagnosis. COVID-view incorporates a novel DL model for classifying the patients into positive/negative COVID-19 cases, which acts as a reading aid for the radiologist using COVID-view and provides the attention heatmap as an explainable DL for the model output. We designed and evaluated COVID-view through suggestions, close feedback and conducting case studies of real-world patient data by expert radiologists who have substantial experience diagnosing chest CT scans for COVID-19, pulmonary embolism, and other forms of lung infections. We present requirements and task analysis for the diagnosis of COVID-19 that motivate our design choices and results in a practical system which is capable of handling real-world patient cases.      
### 58.Paint Transformer: Feed Forward Neural Painting with Stroke Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03798.pdf)
>  Neural painting refers to the procedure of producing a series of strokes for a given image and non-photo-realistically recreating it using neural networks. While reinforcement learning (RL) based agents can generate a stroke sequence step by step for this task, it is not easy to train a stable RL agent. On the other hand, stroke optimization methods search for a set of stroke parameters iteratively in a large search space; such low efficiency significantly limits their prevalence and practicality. Different from previous methods, in this paper, we formulate the task as a set prediction problem and propose a novel Transformer-based framework, dubbed Paint Transformer, to predict the parameters of a stroke set with a feed forward network. This way, our model can generate a set of strokes in parallel and obtain the final painting of size 512 * 512 in near real time. More importantly, since there is no dataset available for training the Paint Transformer, we devise a self-training pipeline such that it can be trained without any off-the-shelf dataset while still achieving excellent generalization capability. Experiments demonstrate that our method achieves better painting performance than previous ones with cheaper training and inference costs. Codes and models are available.      
### 59.Boundary-aware Graph Reasoning for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03791.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a Boundary-aware Graph Reasoning (BGR) module to learn long-range contextual features for semantic segmentation. Rather than directly construct the graph based on the backbone features, our BGR module explores a reasonable way to combine segmentation erroneous regions with the graph construction scenario. Motivated by the fact that most hard-to-segment pixels broadly distribute on boundary regions, our BGR module uses the boundary score map as prior knowledge to intensify the graph node connections and thereby guide the graph reasoning focus on boundary regions. In addition, we employ an efficient graph convolution implementation to reduce the computational cost, which benefits the integration of our BGR module into current segmentation backbones. Extensive experiments on three challenging segmentation benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed BGR module for semantic segmentation.      
### 60.Learning Joint Embedding with Modality Alignments for Cross-Modal Retrieval of Recipes and Food Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03788.pdf)
>  This paper presents a three-tier modality alignment approach to learning text-image joint embedding, coined as JEMA, for cross-modal retrieval of cooking recipes and food images. The first tier improves recipe text embedding by optimizing the LSTM networks with term extraction and ranking enhanced sequence patterns, and optimizes the image embedding by combining the ResNeXt-101 image encoder with the category embedding using wideResNet-50 with word2vec. The second tier modality alignment optimizes the textual-visual joint embedding loss function using a double batch-hard triplet loss with soft-margin optimization. The third modality alignment incorporates two types of cross-modality alignments as the auxiliary loss regularizations to further reduce the alignment errors in the joint learning of the two modality-specific embedding functions. The category-based cross-modal alignment aims to align the image category with the recipe category as a loss regularization to the joint embedding. The cross-modal discriminator-based alignment aims to add the visual-textual embedding distribution alignment to further regularize the joint embedding loss. Extensive experiments with the one-million recipes benchmark dataset Recipe1M demonstrate that the proposed JEMA approach outperforms the state-of-the-art cross-modal embedding methods for both image-to-recipe and recipe-to-image retrievals.      
### 61.Multi-Slice Net: A novel light weight framework for COVID-19 Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03786.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel lightweight COVID-19 diagnosis framework using CT scans. Our system utilises a novel two-stage approach to generate robust and efficient diagnoses across heterogeneous patient level inputs. We use a powerful backbone network as a feature extractor to capture discriminative slice-level features. These features are aggregated by a lightweight network to obtain a patient level diagnosis. The aggregation network is carefully designed to have a small number of trainable parameters while also possessing sufficient capacity to generalise to diverse variations within different CT volumes and to adapt to noise introduced during the data acquisition. We achieve a significant performance increase over the baselines when benchmarked on the SPGC COVID-19 Radiomics Dataset, despite having only 2.5 million trainable parameters and requiring only 0.623 seconds on average to process a single patient's CT volume using an Nvidia-GeForce RTX 2080 GPU.      
### 62.PASS: Protected Attribute Suppression System for Mitigating Bias in Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03764.pdf)
>  Face recognition networks encode information about sensitive attributes while being trained for identity classification. Such encoding has two major issues: (a) it makes the face representations susceptible to privacy leakage (b) it appears to contribute to bias in face recognition. However, existing bias mitigation approaches generally require end-to-end training and are unable to achieve high verification accuracy. Therefore, we present a descriptor-based adversarial de-biasing approach called `Protected Attribute Suppression System (PASS)'. PASS can be trained on top of descriptors obtained from any previously trained high-performing network to classify identities and simultaneously reduce encoding of sensitive attributes. This eliminates the need for end-to-end training. As a component of PASS, we present a novel discriminator training strategy that discourages a network from encoding protected attribute information. We show the efficacy of PASS to reduce gender and skintone information in descriptors from SOTA face recognition networks like Arcface. As a result, PASS descriptors outperform existing baselines in reducing gender and skintone bias on the IJB-C dataset, while maintaining a high verification accuracy.      
### 63.Unsupervised Learning of Fine Structure Generation for 3D Point Clouds by 2D Projection Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03746.pdf)
>  Learning to generate 3D point clouds without 3D supervision is an important but challenging problem. Current solutions leverage various differentiable renderers to project the generated 3D point clouds onto a 2D image plane, and train deep neural networks using the per-pixel difference with 2D ground truth images. However, these solutions are still struggling to fully recover fine structures of 3D shapes, such as thin tubes or planes. To resolve this issue, we propose an unsupervised approach for 3D point cloud generation with fine structures. Specifically, we cast 3D point cloud learning as a 2D projection matching problem. Rather than using entire 2D silhouette images as a regular pixel supervision, we introduce structure adaptive sampling to randomly sample 2D points within the silhouettes as an irregular point supervision, which alleviates the consistency issue of sampling from different view angles. Our method pushes the neural network to generate a 3D point cloud whose 2D projections match the irregular point supervision from different view angles. Our 2D projection matching approach enables the neural network to learn more accurate structure information than using the per-pixel difference, especially for fine and thin 3D structures. Our method can recover fine 3D structures from 2D silhouette images at different resolutions, and is robust to different sampling methods and point number in irregular point supervision. Our method outperforms others under widely used benchmarks. Our code, data and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chenchao15/2D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>\_projection\_matching.      
### 64.Hierarchical View Predictor: Unsupervised 3D Global Feature Learning through Hierarchical Prediction among Unordered Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03743.pdf)
>  Unsupervised learning of global features for 3D shape analysis is an important research challenge because it avoids manual effort for supervised information collection. In this paper, we propose a view-based deep learning model called Hierarchical View Predictor (HVP) to learn 3D shape features from unordered views in an unsupervised manner. To mine highly discriminative information from unordered views, HVP performs a novel hierarchical view prediction over a view pair, and aggregates the knowledge learned from the predictions in all view pairs into a global feature. In a view pair, we pose hierarchical view prediction as the task of hierarchically predicting a set of image patches in a current view from its complementary set of patches, and in addition, completing the current view and its opposite from any one of the two sets of patches. Hierarchical prediction, in patches to patches, patches to view and view to view, facilitates HVP to effectively learn the structure of 3D shapes from the correlation between patches in the same view and the correlation between a pair of complementary views. In addition, the employed implicit aggregation over all view pairs enables HVP to learn global features from unordered views. Our results show that HVP can outperform state-of-the-art methods under large-scale 3D shape benchmarks in shape classification and retrieval.      
### 65.OVIS: Open-Vocabulary Visual Instance Search via Visual-Semantic Aligned Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03704.pdf)
>  We introduce the task of open-vocabulary visual instance search (OVIS). Given an arbitrary textual search query, Open-vocabulary Visual Instance Search (OVIS) aims to return a ranked list of visual instances, i.e., image patches, that satisfies the search intent from an image database. The term "open vocabulary" means that there are neither restrictions to the visual instance to be searched nor restrictions to the word that can be used to compose the textual search query. We propose to address such a search challenge via visual-semantic aligned representation learning (ViSA). ViSA leverages massive image-caption pairs as weak image-level (not instance-level) supervision to learn a rich cross-modal semantic space where the representations of visual instances (not images) and those of textual queries are aligned, thus allowing us to measure the similarities between any visual instance and an arbitrary textual query. To evaluate the performance of ViSA, we build two datasets named OVIS40 and OVIS1600 and also introduce a pipeline for error analysis. Through extensive experiments on the two datasets, we demonstrate ViSA's ability to search for visual instances in images not available during training given a wide range of textual queries including those composed of uncommon words. Experimental results show that ViSA achieves an mAP@50 of 21.9% on OVIS40 under the most challenging setting and achieves an mAP@6 of 14.9% on OVIS1600 dataset.      
### 66.BIGRoC: Boosting Image Generation via a Robust Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03702.pdf)
>  The interest of the machine learning community in image synthesis has grown significantly in recent years, with the introduction of a wide range of deep generative models and means for training them. Such machines' ultimate goal is to match the distributions of the given training images and the synthesized ones. In this work, we propose a general model-agnostic technique for improving the image quality and the distribution fidelity of generated images, obtained by any generative model. Our method, termed BIGRoC (boosting image generation via a robust classifier), is based on a post-processing procedure via the guidance of a given robust classifier and without a need for additional training of the generative model. Given a synthesized image, we propose to update it through projected gradient steps over the robust classifier, in an attempt to refine its recognition. We demonstrate this post-processing algorithm on various image synthesis methods and show a significant improvement of the generated images, both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 67.Alignment of Tractography Streamlines using Deformation Transfer via Parallel Transport  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03697.pdf)
>  We present a geometric framework for aligning white matter fiber tracts. By registering fiber tracts between brains, one expects to see overlap of anatomical structures that often provide meaningful comparisons across subjects. However, the geometry of white matter tracts is highly heterogeneous, and finding direct tract-correspondence across multiple individuals remains a challenging problem. We present a novel deformation metric between tracts that allows one to compare tracts while simultaneously obtaining a registration. To accomplish this, fiber tracts are represented by an intrinsic mean along with the deformation fields represented by tangent vectors from the mean. In this setting, one can determine a parallel transport between tracts and then register corresponding tangent vectors. We present the results of bundle alignment on a population of 43 healthy adult subjects.      
### 68.Enhanced Invertible Encoding for Learned Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03690.pdf)
>  Although deep learning based image compression methods have achieved promising progress these days, the performance of these methods still cannot match the latest compression standard Versatile Video Coding (VVC). Most of the recent developments focus on designing a more accurate and flexible entropy model that can better parameterize the distributions of the latent features. However, few efforts are devoted to structuring a better transformation between the image space and the latent feature space. In this paper, instead of employing previous autoencoder style networks to build this transformation, we propose an enhanced Invertible Encoding Network with invertible neural networks (INNs) to largely mitigate the information loss problem for better compression. Experimental results on the Kodak, CLIC, and Tecnick datasets show that our method outperforms the existing learned image compression methods and compression standards, including VVC (VTM 12.1), especially for high-resolution images. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xyq7/InvCompress" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 69.Joint Inductive and Transductive Learning for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03679.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised video object segmentation is a task of segmenting the target object in a video sequence given only a mask annotation in the first frame. The limited information available makes it an extremely challenging task. Most previous best-performing methods adopt matching-based transductive reasoning or online inductive learning. Nevertheless, they are either less discriminative for similar instances or insufficient in the utilization of spatio-temporal information. In this work, we propose to integrate transductive and inductive learning into a unified framework to exploit the complementarity between them for accurate and robust video object segmentation. The proposed approach consists of two functional branches. The transduction branch adopts a lightweight transformer architecture to aggregate rich spatio-temporal cues while the induction branch performs online inductive learning to obtain discriminative target information. To bridge these two diverse branches, a two-head label encoder is introduced to learn the suitable target prior for each of them. The generated mask encodings are further forced to be disentangled to better retain their complementarity. Extensive experiments on several prevalent benchmarks show that, without the need of synthetic training data, the proposed approach sets a series of new state-of-the-art records. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/maoyunyao/JOINT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 70.AMDet: A Tool for Mitotic Cell Detection in Histopathology Slides  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03676.pdf)
>  Breast Cancer is the most prevalent cancer in the world. The World Health Organization reports that the disease still affects a significant portion of the developing world citing increased mortality rates in the majority of low to middle income countries. The most popular protocol pathologists use for diagnosing breast cancer is the Nottingham grading system which grades the proliferation of tumors based on 3 major criteria, the most important of them being mitotic cell count. The way in which pathologists evaluate mitotic cell count is to subjectively and qualitatively analyze cells present in stained slides of tissue and make a decision on its mitotic state i.e. is it mitotic or not?This process is extremely inefficient and tiring for pathologists and so an efficient, accurate, and fully automated tool to aid with the diagnosis is extremely desirable. Fortunately, creating such a tool is made significantly easier with the AutoML tool available from Microsoft Azure, however to the best of our knowledge the AutoML tool has never been formally evaluated for use in mitotic cell detection in histopathology images. This paper serves as an evaluation of the AutoML tool for this purpose and will provide a first look on how the tool handles this challenging problem. All code is available athttps://github.com/WaltAFWilliams/AMDet      
### 71.RECALL: Replay-based Continual Learning in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03673.pdf)
>  Deep networks allow to obtain outstanding results in semantic segmentation, however they need to be trained in a single shot with a large amount of data. Continual learning settings where new classes are learned in incremental steps and previous training data is no longer available are challenging due to the catastrophic forgetting phenomenon. Existing approaches typically fail when several incremental steps are performed or in presence of a distribution shift of the background class. We tackle these issues by recreating no longer available data for the old classes and outlining a content inpainting scheme on the background class. We propose two sources for replay data. The first resorts to a generative adversarial network to sample from the class space of past learning steps. The second relies on web-crawled data to retrieve images containing examples of old classes from online databases. In both scenarios no samples of past steps are stored, thus avoiding privacy concerns. Replay data are then blended with new samples during the incremental steps. Our approach, RECALL, outperforms state-of-the-art methods.      
### 72.Discriminative Latent Semantic Graph for Video Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03662.pdf)
>  Video captioning aims to automatically generate natural language sentences that can describe the visual contents of a given video. Existing generative models like encoder-decoder frameworks cannot explicitly explore the object-level interactions and frame-level information from complex spatio-temporal data to generate semantic-rich captions. Our main contribution is to identify three key problems in a joint framework for future video summarization tasks. 1) Enhanced Object Proposal: we propose a novel Conditional Graph that can fuse spatio-temporal information into latent object proposal. 2) Visual Knowledge: Latent Proposal Aggregation is proposed to dynamically extract visual words with higher semantic levels. 3) Sentence Validation: A novel Discriminative Language Validator is proposed to verify generated captions so that key semantic concepts can be effectively preserved. Our experiments on two public datasets (MVSD and MSR-VTT) manifest significant improvements over state-of-the-art approaches on all metrics, especially for BLEU-4 and CIDEr. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/baiyang4/D-LSG-Video-Caption" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 73.One-Shot Object Affordance Detection in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03658.pdf)
>  Affordance detection refers to identifying the potential action possibilities of objects in an image, which is a crucial ability for robot perception and manipulation. To empower robots with this ability in unseen scenarios, we first study the challenging one-shot affordance detection problem in this paper, i.e., given a support image that depicts the action purpose, all objects in a scene with the common affordance should be detected. To this end, we devise a One-Shot Affordance Detection Network (OSAD-Net) that firstly estimates the human action purpose and then transfers it to help detect the common affordance from all candidate images. Through collaboration learning, OSAD-Net can capture the common characteristics between objects having the same underlying affordance and learn a good adaptation capability for perceiving unseen affordances. Besides, we build a large-scale Purpose-driven Affordance Dataset v2 (PADv2) by collecting and labeling 30k images from 39 affordance and 103 object categories. With complex scenes and rich annotations, our PADv2 dataset can be used as a test bed to benchmark affordance detection methods and may also facilitate downstream vision tasks, such as scene understanding, action recognition, and robot manipulation. Specifically, we conducted comprehensive experiments on PADv2 dataset by including 11 advanced models from several related research fields. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our model over previous representative ones in terms of both objective metrics and visual quality. The benchmark suite is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lhc1224/OSAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> Net.      
### 74.Skeleton-Contrastive 3D Action Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03656.pdf)
>  This paper strives for self-supervised learning of a feature space suitable for skeleton-based action recognition. Our proposal is built upon learning invariances to input skeleton representations and various skeleton augmentations via a noise contrastive estimation. In particular, we propose inter-skeleton contrastive learning, which learns from multiple different input skeleton representations in a cross-contrastive manner. In addition, we contribute several skeleton-specific spatial and temporal augmentations which further encourage the model to learn the spatio-temporal dynamics of skeleton data. By learning similarities between different skeleton representations as well as augmented views of the same sequence, the network is encouraged to learn higher-level semantics of the skeleton data than when only using the augmented views. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance for self-supervised learning from skeleton data on the challenging PKU and NTU datasets with multiple downstream tasks, including action recognition, action retrieval and semi-supervised learning. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fmthoker/skeleton-contrast" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 75.Joint Depth and Normal Estimation from Real-world Time-of-flight Raw Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03649.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach to joint depth and normal estimation for time-of-flight (ToF) sensors. Our model learns to predict the high-quality depth and normal maps jointly from ToF raw sensor data. To achieve this, we meticulously constructed the first large-scale dataset (named ToF-100) with paired raw ToF data and ground-truth high-resolution depth maps provided by an industrial depth camera. In addition, we also design a simple but effective framework for joint depth and normal estimation, applying a robust Chamfer loss via jittering to improve the performance of our model. Our experiments demonstrate that our proposed method can efficiently reconstruct high-resolution depth and normal maps and significantly outperforms state-of-the-art approaches. Our code and data will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hkustVisionRr/JointlyDepthNormalEstimation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 76.From Voxel to Point: IoU-guided 3D Object Detection for Point Cloud with Voxel-to-Point Decoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03648.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an Intersection-over-Union (IoU) guided two-stage 3D object detector with a voxel-to-point decoder. To preserve the necessary information from all raw points and maintain the high box recall in voxel based Region Proposal Network (RPN), we propose a residual voxel-to-point decoder to extract the point features in addition to the map-view features from the voxel based RPN. We use a 3D Region of Interest (RoI) alignment to crop and align the features with the proposal boxes for accurately perceiving the object position. The RoI-Aligned features are finally aggregated with the corner geometry embeddings that can provide the potentially missing corner information in the box refinement stage. We propose a simple and efficient method to align the estimated IoUs to the refined proposal boxes as a more relevant localization confidence. The comprehensive experiments on KITTI and Waymo Open Dataset demonstrate that our method achieves significant improvements with novel architectures against the existing methods. The code is available on Github URL\footnote{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jialeli1/From-Voxel-to-Point" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 77.AdaAttN: Revisit Attention Mechanism in Arbitrary Neural Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03647.pdf)
>  Fast arbitrary neural style transfer has attracted widespread attention from academic, industrial and art communities due to its flexibility in enabling various applications. Existing solutions either attentively fuse deep style feature into deep content feature without considering feature distributions, or adaptively normalize deep content feature according to the style such that their global statistics are matched. Although effective, leaving shallow feature unexplored and without locally considering feature statistics, they are prone to unnatural output with unpleasing local distortions. To alleviate this problem, in this paper, we propose a novel attention and normalization module, named Adaptive Attention Normalization (AdaAttN), to adaptively perform attentive normalization on per-point basis. Specifically, spatial attention score is learnt from both shallow and deep features of content and style images. Then per-point weighted statistics are calculated by regarding a style feature point as a distribution of attention-weighted output of all style feature points. Finally, the content feature is normalized so that they demonstrate the same local feature statistics as the calculated per-point weighted style feature statistics. Besides, a novel local feature loss is derived based on AdaAttN to enhance local visual quality. We also extend AdaAttN to be ready for video style transfer with slight modifications. Experiments demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art arbitrary image/video style transfer. Codes and models are available.      
### 78.Saliency-Associated Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03637.pdf)
>  Most existing trackers based on deep learning perform tracking in a holistic strategy, which aims to learn deep representations of the whole target for localizing the target. It is arduous for such methods to track targets with various appearance variations. To address this limitation, another type of methods adopts a part-based tracking strategy which divides the target into equal patches and tracks all these patches in parallel. The target state is inferred by summarizing the tracking results of these patches. A potential limitation of such trackers is that not all patches are equally informative for tracking. Some patches that are not discriminative may have adverse effects. In this paper, we propose to track the salient local parts of the target that are discriminative for tracking. In particular, we propose a fine-grained saliency mining module to capture the local saliencies. Further, we design a saliency-association modeling module to associate the captured saliencies together to learn effective correlation representations between the exemplar and the search image for state estimation. Extensive experiments on five diverse datasets demonstrate that the proposed method performs favorably against state-of-the-art trackers.      
### 79.Efficient Light Field Reconstruction via Spatio-Angular Dense Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03635.pdf)
>  As an image sensing instrument, light field images can supply extra angular information compared with monocular images and have facilitated a wide range of measurement applications. Light field image capturing devices usually suffer from the inherent trade-off between the angular and spatial resolutions. To tackle this problem, several methods, such as light field reconstruction and light field super-resolution, have been proposed but leaving two problems unaddressed, namely domain asymmetry and efficient information flow. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end Spatio-Angular Dense Network (SADenseNet) for light field reconstruction with two novel components, namely correlation blocks and spatio-angular dense skip connections to address them. The former performs effective modeling of the correlation information in a way that conforms with the domain asymmetry. And the latter consists of three kinds of connections enhancing the information flow within two domains. Extensive experiments on both real-world and synthetic datasets have been conducted to demonstrate that the proposed SADenseNet's state-of-the-art performance at significantly reduced costs in memory and computation. The qualitative results show that the reconstructed light field images are sharp with correct details and can serve as pre-processing to improve the accuracy of related measurement applications.      
### 80.Anchor-free 3D Single Stage Detector with Mask-Guided Attention for Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03634.pdf)
>  Most of the existing single-stage and two-stage 3D object detectors are anchor-based methods, while the efficient but challenging anchor-free single-stage 3D object detection is not well investigated. Recent studies on 2D object detection show that the anchor-free methods also are of great potential. However, the unordered and sparse properties of point clouds prevent us from directly leveraging the advanced 2D methods on 3D point clouds. We overcome this by converting the voxel-based sparse 3D feature volumes into the sparse 2D feature maps. We propose an attentive module to fit the sparse feature maps to dense mostly on the object regions through the deformable convolution tower and the supervised mask-guided attention. By directly regressing the 3D bounding box from the enhanced and dense feature maps, we construct a novel single-stage 3D detector for point clouds in an anchor-free manner. We propose an IoU-based detection confidence re-calibration scheme to improve the correlation between the detection confidence score and the accuracy of the bounding box regression. Our code is publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jialeli1/MGAF-3DSSD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 81.WideCaps: A Wide Attention based Capsule Network for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03627.pdf)
>  The capsule network is a distinct and promising segment of the neural network family that drew attention due to its unique ability to maintain the equivariance property by preserving the spatial relationship amongst the features. The capsule network has attained unprecedented success over image classification tasks with datasets such as MNIST and affNIST by encoding the characteristic features into the capsules and building the parse-tree structure. However, on the datasets involving complex foreground and background regions such as CIFAR-10, the performance of the capsule network is sub-optimal due to its naive data routing policy and incompetence towards extracting complex features. This paper proposes a new design strategy for capsule network architecture for efficiently dealing with complex images. The proposed method incorporates wide bottleneck residual modules and the Squeeze and Excitation attention blocks upheld by the modified FM routing algorithm to address the defined problem. A wide bottleneck residual module facilitates extracting complex features followed by the squeeze and excitation attention block to enable channel-wise attention by suppressing the trivial features. This setup allows channel inter-dependencies at almost no computational cost, thereby enhancing the representation ability of capsules on complex images. We extensively evaluate the performance of the proposed model on three publicly available datasets, namely CIFAR-10, Fashion MNIST, and SVHN, to outperform the top-5 performance on CIFAR-10 and Fashion MNIST with highly competitive performance on the SVHN dataset.      
### 82.Learning an Augmented RGB Representation with Cross-Modal Knowledge Distillation for Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03619.pdf)
>  In video understanding, most cross-modal knowledge distillation (KD) methods are tailored for classification tasks, focusing on the discriminative representation of the trimmed videos. However, action detection requires not only categorizing actions, but also localizing them in untrimmed videos. Therefore, transferring knowledge pertaining to temporal relations is critical for this task which is missing in the previous cross-modal KD frameworks. To this end, we aim at learning an augmented RGB representation for action detection, taking advantage of additional modalities at training time through KD. We propose a KD framework consisting of two levels of distillation. On one hand, atomic-level distillation encourages the RGB student to learn the sub-representation of the actions from the teacher in a contrastive manner. On the other hand, sequence-level distillation encourages the student to learn the temporal knowledge from the teacher, which consists of transferring the Global Contextual Relations and the Action Boundary Saliency. The result is an Augmented-RGB stream that can achieve competitive performance as the two-stream network while using only RGB at inference time. Extensive experimental analysis shows that our proposed distillation framework is generic and outperforms other popular cross-modal distillation methods in action detection task.      
### 83.MPI: Multi-receptive and Parallel Integration for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03618.pdf)
>  The semantic representation of deep features is essential for image context understanding, and effective fusion of features with different semantic representations can significantly improve the model's performance on salient object detection. In this paper, a novel method called MPI is proposed for salient object detection. Firstly, a multi-receptive enhancement module (MRE) is designed to effectively expand the receptive fields of features from different layers and generate features with different receptive fields. MRE can enhance the semantic representation and improve the model's perception of the image context, which enables the model to locate the salient object accurately. Secondly, in order to reduce the reuse of redundant information in the complex top-down fusion method and weaken the differences between semantic features, a relatively simple but effective parallel fusion strategy (PFS) is proposed. It allows multi-scale features to better interact with each other, thus improving the overall performance of the model. Experimental results on multiple datasets demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods under different evaluation metrics.      
### 84.Monte Carlo DropBlock for Modelling Uncertainty in Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03614.pdf)
>  With the advancements made in deep learning, computer vision problems like object detection and segmentation have seen a great improvement in performance. However, in many real-world applications such as autonomous driving vehicles, the risk associated with incorrect predictions of objects is very high. Standard deep learning models for object detection such as YOLO models are often overconfident in their predictions and do not take into account the uncertainty in predictions on out-of-distribution data. In this work, we propose an efficient and effective approach to model uncertainty in object detection and segmentation tasks using Monte-Carlo DropBlock (MC-DropBlock) based inference. The proposed approach applies drop-block during training time and test time on the convolutional layer of the deep learning models such as YOLO. We show that this leads to a Bayesian convolutional neural network capable of capturing the epistemic uncertainty in the model. Additionally, we capture the aleatoric uncertainty using a Gaussian likelihood. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach on modeling uncertainty in object detection and segmentation tasks using out-of-distribution experiments. Experimental results show that MC-DropBlock improves the generalization, calibration, and uncertainty modeling capabilities of YOLO models in object detection and segmentation.      
### 85.An EM Framework for Online Incremental Learning of Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03613.pdf)
>  Incremental learning of semantic segmentation has emerged as a promising strategy for visual scene interpretation in the open- world setting. However, it remains challenging to acquire novel classes in an online fashion for the segmentation task, mainly due to its continuously-evolving semantic label space, partial pixelwise ground-truth annotations, and constrained data availability. To ad- dress this, we propose an incremental learning strategy that can fast adapt deep segmentation models without catastrophic forgetting, using a streaming input data with pixel annotations on the novel classes only. To this end, we develop a uni ed learning strategy based on the Expectation-Maximization (EM) framework, which integrates an iterative relabeling strategy that lls in the missing labels and a rehearsal-based incremental learning step that balances the stability-plasticity of the model. Moreover, our EM algorithm adopts an adaptive sampling method to select informative train- ing data and a class-balancing training strategy in the incremental model updates, both improving the e cacy of model learning. We validate our approach on the PASCAL VOC 2012 and ADE20K datasets, and the results demonstrate its superior performance over the existing incremental methods.      
### 86.Triplet Contrastive Learning for Brain Tumor Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03611.pdf)
>  Brain tumor is a common and fatal form of cancer which affects both adults and children. The classification of brain tumors into different types is hence a crucial task, as it greatly influences the treatment that physicians will prescribe. In light of this, medical imaging techniques, especially those applying deep convolutional networks followed by a classification layer, have been developed to make possible computer-aided classification of brain tumor types. In this paper, we present a novel approach of directly learning deep embeddings for brain tumor types, which can be used for downstream tasks such as classification. Along with using triplet loss variants, our approach applies contrastive learning to performing unsupervised pre-training, combined with a rare-case data augmentation module to effectively ameliorate the lack of data problem in the brain tumor imaging analysis domain. We evaluate our method on an extensive brain tumor dataset which consists of 27 different tumor classes, out of which 13 are defined as rare. With a common encoder during all the experiments, we compare our approach with a baseline classification-layer based model, and the results well prove the effectiveness of our approach across all measured metrics.      
### 87.Understanding the computational demands underlying visual reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03603.pdf)
>  Visual understanding requires comprehending complex visual relations between objects within a scene. Here, we seek to characterize the computational demands for abstract visual reasoning. We do this by systematically assessing the ability of modern deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to learn to solve the Synthetic Visual Reasoning Test (SVRT) challenge, a collection of twenty-three visual reasoning problems. Our analysis leads to a novel taxonomy of visual reasoning tasks, which can be primarily explained by both the type of relations (same-different vs. spatial-relation judgments) and the number of relations used to compose the underlying rules. Prior cognitive neuroscience work suggests that attention plays a key role in human's visual reasoning ability. To test this, we extended the CNNs with spatial and feature-based attention mechanisms. In a second series of experiments, we evaluated the ability of these attention networks to learn to solve the SVRT challenge and found the resulting architectures to be much more efficient at solving the hardest of these visual reasoning tasks. Most importantly, the corresponding improvements on individual tasks partially explained the taxonomy. Overall, this work advances our understanding of visual reasoning and yields testable Neuroscience predictions regarding the need for feature-based vs. spatial attention in visual reasoning.      
### 88.ZiGAN: Fine-grained Chinese Calligraphy Font Generation via a Few-shot Style Transfer Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03596.pdf)
>  Chinese character style transfer is a very challenging problem because of the complexity of the glyph shapes or underlying structures and large numbers of existed characters, when comparing with English letters. Moreover, the handwriting of calligraphy masters has a more irregular stroke and is difficult to obtain in real-world scenarios. Recently, several GAN-based methods have been proposed for font synthesis, but some of them require numerous reference data and the other part of them have cumbersome preprocessing steps to divide the character into different parts to be learned and transferred separately. In this paper, we propose a simple but powerful end-to-end Chinese calligraphy font generation framework ZiGAN, which does not require any manual operation or redundant preprocessing to generate fine-grained target-style characters with few-shot references. To be specific, a few paired samples from different character styles are leveraged to attain a fine-grained correlation between structures underlying different glyphs. To capture valuable style knowledge in target and strengthen the coarse-grained understanding of character content, we utilize multiple unpaired samples to align the feature distributions belonging to different character styles. By doing so, only a few target Chinese calligraphy characters are needed to generated expected style transferred characters. Experiments demonstrate that our method has a state-of-the-art generalization ability in few-shot Chinese character style transfer.      
### 89.Visible Watermark Removal via Self-calibrated Localization and Background Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03581.pdf)
>  Superimposing visible watermarks on images provides a powerful weapon to cope with the copyright issue. Watermark removal techniques, which can strengthen the robustness of visible watermarks in an adversarial way, have attracted increasing research interest. Modern watermark removal methods perform watermark localization and background restoration simultaneously, which could be viewed as a multi-task learning problem. However, existing approaches suffer from incomplete detected watermark and degraded texture quality of restored background. Therefore, we design a two-stage multi-task network to address the above issues. The coarse stage consists of a watermark branch and a background branch, in which the watermark branch self-calibrates the roughly estimated mask and passes the calibrated mask to background branch to reconstruct the watermarked area. In the refinement stage, we integrate multi-level features to improve the texture quality of watermarked area. Extensive experiments on two datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 90.LeafMask: Towards Greater Accuracy on Leaf Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03568.pdf)
>  Leaf segmentation is the most direct and effective way for high-throughput plant phenotype data analysis and quantitative researches of complex traits. Currently, the primary goal of plant phenotyping is to raise the accuracy of the autonomous phenotypic measurement. In this work, we present the LeafMask neural network, a new end-to-end model to delineate each leaf region and count the number of leaves, with two main components: 1) the mask assembly module merging position-sensitive bases of each predicted box after non-maximum suppression (NMS) and corresponding coefficients to generate original masks; 2) the mask refining module elaborating leaf boundaries from the mask assembly module by the point selection strategy and predictor. In addition, we also design a novel and flexible multi-scale attention module for the dual attention-guided mask (DAG-Mask) branch to effectively enhance information expression and produce more accurate bases. Our main contribution is to generate the final improved masks by combining the mask assembly module with the mask refining module under the anchor-free instance segmentation paradigm. We validate our LeafMask through extensive experiments on Leaf Segmentation Challenge (LSC) dataset. Our proposed model achieves the 90.09% BestDice score outperforming other state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 91.Context-Aware Mixup for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03557.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) aims to adapt a model of the labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. Although the domain shifts may exist in various dimensions such as appearance, textures, etc, the contextual dependency, which is generally shared across different domains, is neglected by recent methods. In this paper, we utilize this important clue as explicit prior knowledge and propose end-to-end Context-Aware Mixup (CAMix) for domain adaptive semantic segmentation. Firstly, we design a contextual mask generation strategy by leveraging accumulated spatial distributions and contextual relationships. The generated contextual mask is critical in this work and will guide the domain mixup. In addition, we define the significance mask to indicate where the pixels are credible. To alleviate the over-alignment (e.g., early performance degradation), the source and target significance masks are mixed based on the contextual mask into the mixed significance mask, and we introduce a significance-reweighted consistency loss on it. Experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin on two widely-used domain adaptation benchmarks, i.e., GTAV $\rightarrow $ Cityscapes and SYNTHIA $\rightarrow $ Cityscapes.      
### 92.Contrastive Representation Learning for Rapid Intraoperative Diagnosis of Skull Base Tumors Imaged Using Stimulated Raman Histology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03555.pdf)
>  Background: Accurate diagnosis of skull base tumors is essential for providing personalized surgical treatment strategies. Intraoperative diagnosis can be challenging due to tumor diversity and lack of intraoperative pathology resources. <br>Objective: To develop an independent and parallel intraoperative pathology workflow that can provide rapid and accurate skull base tumor diagnoses using label-free optical imaging and artificial intelligence (AI). <br>Method: We used a fiber laser-based, label-free, non-consumptive, high-resolution microscopy method ($&lt;$ 60 sec per 1 $\times$ 1 mm$^\text{2}$), called stimulated Raman histology (SRH), to image a consecutive, multicenter cohort of skull base tumor patients. SRH images were then used to train a convolutional neural network (CNN) model using three representation learning strategies: cross-entropy, self-supervised contrastive learning, and supervised contrastive learning. Our trained CNN models were tested on a held-out, multicenter SRH dataset. <br>Results: SRH was able to image the diagnostic features of both benign and malignant skull base tumors. Of the three representation learning strategies, supervised contrastive learning most effectively learned the distinctive and diagnostic SRH image features for each of the skull base tumor types. In our multicenter testing set, cross-entropy achieved an overall diagnostic accuracy of 91.5%, self-supervised contrastive learning 83.9%, and supervised contrastive learning 96.6%. Our trained model was able to identify tumor-normal margins and detect regions of microscopic tumor infiltration in whole-slide SRH images. <br>Conclusion: SRH with AI models trained using contrastive representation learning can provide rapid and accurate intraoperative diagnosis of skull base tumors.      
### 93.Self-Adversarial Disentangling for Specific Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03553.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation aims to bridge the domain shifts between the source and target domains. These shifts may span different dimensions such as fog, rainfall, etc. However, recent methods typically do not consider explicit prior knowledge on a specific dimension, thus leading to less desired adaptation performance. In this paper, we study a practical setting called Specific Domain Adaptation (SDA) that aligns the source and target domains in a demanded-specific dimension. Within this setting, we observe the intra-domain gap induced by different domainness (i.e., numerical magnitudes of this dimension) is crucial when adapting to a specific domain. To address the problem, we propose a novel Self-Adversarial Disentangling (SAD) framework. In particular, given a specific dimension, we first enrich the source domain by introducing a domainness creator with providing additional supervisory signals. Guided by the created domainness, we design a self-adversarial regularizer and two loss functions to jointly disentangle the latent representations into domainness-specific and domainness-invariant features, thus mitigating the intra-domain gap. Our method can be easily taken as a plug-and-play framework and does not introduce any extra costs in the inference time. We achieve consistent improvements over state-of-the-art methods in both object detection and semantic segmentation tasks.      
### 94.Disentangled High Quality Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03551.pdf)
>  Aiming at discovering and locating most distinctive objects from visual scenes, salient object detection (SOD) plays an essential role in various computer vision systems. Coming to the era of high resolution, SOD methods are facing new challenges. The major limitation of previous methods is that they try to identify the salient regions and estimate the accurate objects boundaries simultaneously with a single regression task at low-resolution. This practice ignores the inherent difference between the two difficult problems, resulting in poor detection quality. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning framework for high-resolution SOD task, which disentangles the task into a low-resolution saliency classification network (LRSCN) and a high-resolution refinement network (HRRN). As a pixel-wise classification task, LRSCN is designed to capture sufficient semantics at low-resolution to identify the definite salient, background and uncertain image regions. HRRN is a regression task, which aims at accurately refining the saliency value of pixels in the uncertain region to preserve a clear object boundary at high-resolution with limited GPU memory. It is worth noting that by introducing uncertainty into the training process, our HRRN can well address the high-resolution refinement task without using any high-resolution training data. Extensive experiments on high-resolution saliency datasets as well as some widely used saliency benchmarks show that the proposed method achieves superior performance compared to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 95.Spatio-Temporal Attention Mechanism and Knowledge Distillation for Lip Reading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03543.pdf)
>  Despite the advancement in the domain of audio and audio-visual speech recognition, visual speech recognition systems are still quite under-explored due to the visual ambiguity of some phonemes. In this work, we propose a new lip-reading model that combines three contributions. First, the model front-end adopts a spatio-temporal attention mechanism to help extract the informative data from the input visual frames. Second, the model back-end utilizes a sequence-level and frame-level Knowledge Distillation (KD) techniques that allow leveraging audio data during the visual model training. Third, a data preprocessing pipeline is adopted that includes facial landmarks detection-based lip-alignment. On LRW lip-reading dataset benchmark, a noticeable accuracy improvement is demonstrated; the spatio-temporal attention, Knowledge Distillation, and lip-alignment contributions achieved 88.43%, 88.64%, and 88.37% respectively.      
### 96.OSCAR-Net: Object-centric Scene Graph Attention for Image Attribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03541.pdf)
>  Images tell powerful stories but cannot always be trusted. Matching images back to trusted sources (attribution) enables users to make a more informed judgment of the images they encounter online. We propose a robust image hashing algorithm to perform such matching. Our hash is sensitive to manipulation of subtle, salient visual details that can substantially change the story told by an image. Yet the hash is invariant to benign transformations (changes in quality, codecs, sizes, shapes, etc.) experienced by images during online redistribution. Our key contribution is OSCAR-Net (Object-centric Scene Graph Attention for Image Attribution Network); a robust image hashing model inspired by recent successes of Transformers in the visual domain. OSCAR-Net constructs a scene graph representation that attends to fine-grained changes of every object's visual appearance and their spatial relationships. The network is trained via contrastive learning on a dataset of original and manipulated images yielding a state of the art image hash for content fingerprinting that scales to millions of images.      
### 97.Reducing Annotating Load: Active Learning with Synthetic Images in Surgical Instrument Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03534.pdf)
>  Accurate instrument segmentation in endoscopic vision of robot-assisted surgery is challenging due to reflection on the instruments and frequent contacts with tissue. Deep neural networks (DNN) show competitive performance and are in favor in recent years. However, the hunger of DNN for labeled data poses a huge workload of annotation. Motivated by alleviating this workload, we propose a general embeddable method to decrease the usage of labeled real images, using active generated synthetic images. In each active learning iteration, the most informative unlabeled images are first queried by active learning and then labeled. Next, synthetic images are generated based on these selected images. The instruments and backgrounds are cropped out and randomly combined with each other with blending and fusion near the boundary. The effectiveness of the proposed method is validated on 2 sinus surgery datasets and 1 intraabdominal surgery dataset. The results indicate a considerable improvement in performance, especially when the budget for annotation is small. The effectiveness of different types of synthetic images, blending methods, and external background are also studied. All the code is open-sourced at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HaonanPeng/active_syn_generator" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 98.ContinuityLearner: Geometric Continuity Feature Learning for Lane Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03507.pdf)
>  Lane segmentation is a challenging issue in autonomous driving system designing because lane marks show weak textural consistency due to occlusion or extreme illumination but strong geometric continuity in traffic images, from which general convolution neural networks (CNNs) are not capable of learning semantic objects. To empower conventional CNNs in learning geometric clues of lanes, we propose a deep network named ContinuityLearner to better learn geometric prior within lane. Specifically, our proposed CNN-based paradigm involves a novel Context-encoding image feature learning network to generate class-dependent image feature maps and a new encoding layer to exploit the geometric continuity feature representation by fusing both spatial and visual information of lane together. The ContinuityLearner, performing on the geometric continuity feature of lanes, is trained to directly predict the lane in traffic scenarios with integrated and continuous instance semantic. The experimental results on the CULane dataset and the Tusimple benchmark demonstrate that our ContinuityLearner has superior performance over other state-of-the-art techniques in lane segmentation.      
### 99.DeepFH Segmentations for Superpixel-based Object Proposal Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03503.pdf)
>  Class-agnostic object proposal generation is an important first step in many object detection pipelines. However, object proposals of modern systems are rather inaccurate in terms of segmentation and only roughly adhere to object boundaries. Since typical refinement steps are usually not applicable to thousands of proposals, we propose a superpixel-based refinement system for object proposal generation systems. Utilizing precise superpixels and superpixel pooling on deep features, we refine initial coarse proposals in an end-to-end learned system. Furthermore, we propose a novel DeepFH segmentation, which enriches the classic Felzenszwalb and Huttenlocher (FH) segmentation with deep features leading to improved segmentation results and better object proposal refinements. On the COCO dataset with LVIS annotations, we show that our refinement based on DeepFH superpixels outperforms state-of-the-art methods and leads to more precise object proposals.      
### 100.Impact of Aliasing on Generalization in Deep Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03489.pdf)
>  We investigate the impact of aliasing on generalization in Deep Convolutional Networks and show that data augmentation schemes alone are unable to prevent it due to structural limitations in widely used architectures. Drawing insights from frequency analysis theory, we take a closer look at ResNet and EfficientNet architectures and review the trade-off between aliasing and information loss in each of their major components. We show how to mitigate aliasing by inserting non-trainable low-pass filters at key locations, particularly where networks lack the capacity to learn them. These simple architectural changes lead to substantial improvements in generalization on i.i.d. and even more on out-of-distribution conditions, such as image classification under natural corruptions on ImageNet-C [11] and few-shot learning on Meta-Dataset [26]. State-of-the art results are achieved on both datasets without introducing additional trainable parameters and using the default hyper-parameters of open source codebases.      
### 101.A distillation based approach for the diagnosis of diseases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03470.pdf)
>  Presently, Covid-19 is a serious threat to the world at large. Efforts are being made to reduce disease screening times and in the development of a vaccine to resist this disease, even as thousands succumb to it everyday. We propose a novel method of automated screening of diseases like Covid-19 and pneumonia from Chest X-Ray images with the help of Computer Vision. Unlike computer vision classification algorithms which come with heavy computational costs, we propose a knowledge distillation based approach which allows us to bring down the model depth, while preserving the accuracy. We make use of an augmentation of the standard distillation module with an auxiliary intermediate assistant network that aids in the continuity of the flow of information. Following this approach, we are able to build an extremely light student network, consisting of just 3 convolutional blocks without any compromise on accuracy. We thus propose a method of classification of diseases which can not only lead to faster screening, but can also operate seamlessly on low-end devices.      
### 102.Unsupervised Portrait Shadow Removal via Generative Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03466.pdf)
>  Portrait images often suffer from undesirable shadows cast by casual objects or even the face itself. While existing methods for portrait shadow removal require training on a large-scale synthetic dataset, we propose the first unsupervised method for portrait shadow removal without any training data. Our key idea is to leverage the generative facial priors embedded in the off-the-shelf pretrained StyleGAN2. To achieve this, we formulate the shadow removal task as a layer decomposition problem: a shadowed portrait image is constructed by the blending of a shadow image and a shadow-free image. We propose an effective progressive optimization algorithm to learn the decomposition process. Our approach can also be extended to portrait tattoo removal and watermark removal. Qualitative and quantitative experiments on a real-world portrait shadow dataset demonstrate that our approach achieves comparable performance with supervised shadow removal methods. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YingqingHe/Shadow-Removal-via-Generative-Priors" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 103.Stereo Waterdrop Removal with Row-wise Dilated Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03457.pdf)
>  Existing vision systems for autonomous driving or robots are sensitive to waterdrops adhered to windows or camera lenses. Most recent waterdrop removal approaches take a single image as input and often fail to recover the missing content behind waterdrops faithfully. Thus, we propose a learning-based model for waterdrop removal with stereo images. To better detect and remove waterdrops from stereo images, we propose a novel row-wise dilated attention module to enlarge attention's receptive field for effective information propagation between the two stereo images. In addition, we propose an attention consistency loss between the ground-truth disparity map and attention scores to enhance the left-right consistency in stereo images. Because of related datasets' unavailability, we collect a real-world dataset that contains stereo images with and without waterdrops. Extensive experiments on our dataset suggest that our model outperforms state-of-the-art methods both quantitatively and qualitatively. Our source code and the stereo waterdrop dataset are available at \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VivianSZF/Stereo-Waterdrop-Removal" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VivianSZF/Stereo-Waterdrop-Removal" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 104.Deformable Image Registration using Neural ODEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03443.pdf)
>  Deformable image registration, aiming to find spatial correspondence between a given image pair, is one of the most critical problems in the domain of medical image analysis. In this paper, we present a generic, fast, and accurate diffeomorphic image registration framework that leverages neural ordinary differential equations (NODEs). We model each voxel as a moving particle and consider the set of all voxels in a 3D image as a high-dimensional dynamical system whose trajectory determines the targeted deformation field. Compared with traditional optimization-based methods, our framework reduces the running time from tens of minutes to tens of seconds. Compared with recent data-driven deep learning methods, our framework is more accessible since it does not require large amounts of training data. Our experiments show that the registration results of our method outperform state-of-the-arts under various metrics, indicating that our modeling approach is well fitted for the task of deformable image registration.      
### 105.Towards Discriminative Representation Learning for Unsupervised Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03439.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the problem of unsupervised domain adaptation for person re-ID where annotations are available for the source domain but not for target. Previous methods typically follow a two-stage optimization pipeline, where the network is first pre-trained on source and then fine-tuned on target with pseudo labels created by feature clustering. Such methods sustain two main limitations. (1) The label noise may hinder the learning of discriminative features for recognizing target classes. (2) The domain gap may hinder knowledge transferring from source to target. We propose three types of technical schemes to alleviate these issues. First, we propose a cluster-wise contrastive learning algorithm (CCL) by iterative optimization of feature learning and cluster refinery to learn noise-tolerant representations in the unsupervised manner. Second, we adopt a progressive domain adaptation (PDA) strategy to gradually mitigate the domain gap between source and target data. Third, we propose Fourier augmentation (FA) for further maximizing the class separability of re-ID models by imposing extra constraints in the Fourier space. We observe that these proposed schemes are capable of facilitating the learning of discriminative feature representations. Experiments demonstrate that our method consistently achieves notable improvements over the state-of-the-art unsupervised re-ID methods on multiple benchmarks, e.g., surpassing MMT largely by 8.1\%, 9.9\%, 11.4\% and 11.1\% mAP on the Market-to-Duke, Duke-to-Market, Market-to-MSMT and Duke-to-MSMT tasks, respectively.      
### 106.NASOA: Towards Faster Task-oriented Online Fine-tuning with a Zoo of Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03434.pdf)
>  Fine-tuning from pre-trained ImageNet models has been a simple, effective, and popular approach for various computer vision tasks. The common practice of fine-tuning is to adopt a default hyperparameter setting with a fixed pre-trained model, while both of them are not optimized for specific tasks and time constraints. Moreover, in cloud computing or GPU clusters where the tasks arrive sequentially in a stream, faster online fine-tuning is a more desired and realistic strategy for saving money, energy consumption, and CO2 emission. In this paper, we propose a joint Neural Architecture Search and Online Adaption framework named NASOA towards a faster task-oriented fine-tuning upon the request of users. Specifically, NASOA first adopts an offline NAS to identify a group of training-efficient networks to form a pretrained model zoo. We propose a novel joint block and macro-level search space to enable a flexible and efficient search. Then, by estimating fine-tuning performance via an adaptive model by accumulating experience from the past tasks, an online schedule generator is proposed to pick up the most suitable model and generate a personalized training regime with respect to each desired task in a one-shot fashion. The resulting model zoo is more training efficient than SOTA models, e.g. 6x faster than RegNetY-16GF, and 1.7x faster than EfficientNetB3. Experiments on multiple datasets also show that NASOA achieves much better fine-tuning results, i.e. improving around 2.1% accuracy than the best performance in RegNet series under various constraints and tasks; 40x faster compared to the BOHB.      
### 107.Enhancing MR Image Segmentation with Realistic Adversarial Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03429.pdf)
>  The success of neural networks on medical image segmentation tasks typically relies on large labeled datasets for model training. However, acquiring and manually labeling a large medical image set is resource-intensive, expensive, and sometimes impractical due to data sharing and privacy issues. To address this challenge, we propose an adversarial data augmentation approach to improve the efficiency in utilizing training data and to enlarge the dataset via simulated but realistic transformations. Specifically, we present a generic task-driven learning framework, which jointly optimizes a data augmentation model and a segmentation network during training, generating informative examples to enhance network generalizability for the downstream task. The data augmentation model utilizes a set of photometric and geometric image transformations and chains them to simulate realistic complex imaging variations that could exist in magnetic resonance (MR) imaging. The proposed adversarial data augmentation does not rely on generative networks and can be used as a plug-in module in general segmentation networks. It is computationally efficient and applicable for both supervised and semi-supervised learning. We analyze and evaluate the method on two MR image segmentation tasks: cardiac segmentation and prostate segmentation. Results show that the proposed approach can alleviate the need for labeled data while improving model generalization ability, indicating its practical value in medical imaging applications.      
### 108.PSViT: Better Vision Transformer via Token Pooling and Attention Sharing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03428.pdf)
>  In this paper, we observe two levels of redundancies when applying vision transformers (ViT) for image recognition. First, fixing the number of tokens through the whole network produces redundant features at the spatial level. Second, the attention maps among different transformer layers are redundant. Based on the observations above, we propose a PSViT: a ViT with token Pooling and attention Sharing to reduce the redundancy, effectively enhancing the feature representation ability, and achieving a better speed-accuracy trade-off. Specifically, in our PSViT, token pooling can be defined as the operation that decreases the number of tokens at the spatial level. Besides, attention sharing will be built between the neighboring transformer layers for reusing the attention maps having a strong correlation among adjacent layers. Then, a compact set of the possible combinations for different token pooling and attention sharing mechanisms are constructed. Based on the proposed compact set, the number of tokens in each layer and the choices of layers sharing attention can be treated as hyper-parameters that are learned from data automatically. Experimental results show that the proposed scheme can achieve up to 6.6% accuracy improvement in ImageNet classification compared with the DeiT.      
### 109.Learning Facial Representations from the Cycle-consistency of Face  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03427.pdf)
>  Faces manifest large variations in many aspects, such as identity, expression, pose, and face styling. Therefore, it is a great challenge to disentangle and extract these characteristics from facial images, especially in an unsupervised manner. In this work, we introduce cycle-consistency in facial characteristics as free supervisory signal to learn facial representations from unlabeled facial images. The learning is realized by superimposing the facial motion cycle-consistency and identity cycle-consistency constraints. The main idea of the facial motion cycle-consistency is that, given a face with expression, we can perform de-expression to a neutral face via the removal of facial motion and further perform re-expression to reconstruct back to the original face. The main idea of the identity cycle-consistency is to exploit both de-identity into mean face by depriving the given neutral face of its identity via feature re-normalization and re-identity into neutral face by adding the personal attributes to the mean face. At training time, our model learns to disentangle two distinct facial representations to be useful for performing cycle-consistent face reconstruction. At test time, we use the linear protocol scheme for evaluating facial representations on various tasks, including facial expression recognition and head pose regression. We also can directly apply the learnt facial representations to person recognition, frontalization and image-to-image translation. Our experiments show that the results of our approach is competitive with those of existing methods, demonstrating the rich and unique information embedded in the disentangled representations. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JiaRenChang/FaceCycle" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 110.Information Bottleneck Approach to Spatial Attention Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03418.pdf)
>  The selective visual attention mechanism in the human visual system (HVS) restricts the amount of information to reach visual awareness for perceiving natural scenes, allowing near real-time information processing with limited computational capacity [Koch and Ullman, 1987]. This kind of selectivity acts as an 'Information Bottleneck (IB)', which seeks a trade-off between information compression and predictive accuracy. However, such information constraints are rarely explored in the attention mechanism for deep neural networks (DNNs). In this paper, we propose an IB-inspired spatial attention module for DNN structures built for visual recognition. The module takes as input an intermediate representation of the input image, and outputs a variational 2D attention map that minimizes the mutual information (MI) between the attention-modulated representation and the input, while maximizing the MI between the attention-modulated representation and the task label. To further restrict the information bypassed by the attention map, we quantize the continuous attention scores to a set of learnable anchor values during training. Extensive experiments show that the proposed IB-inspired spatial attention mechanism can yield attention maps that neatly highlight the regions of interest while suppressing backgrounds, and bootstrap standard DNN structures for visual recognition tasks (e.g., image classification, fine-grained recognition, cross-domain classification). The attention maps are interpretable for the decision making of the DNNs as verified in the experiments. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ashleylqx/AIB.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 111.A Categorized Reflection Removal Dataset with Diverse Real-world Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03380.pdf)
>  Due to the lack of a large-scale reflection removal dataset with diverse real-world scenes, many existing reflection removal methods are trained on synthetic data plus a small amount of real-world data, which makes it difficult to evaluate the strengths or weaknesses of different reflection removal methods thoroughly. Furthermore, existing real-world benchmarks and datasets do not categorize image data based on the types and appearances of reflection (e.g., smoothness, intensity), making it hard to analyze reflection removal methods. Hence, we construct a new reflection removal dataset that is categorized, diverse, and real-world (CDR). A pipeline based on RAW data is used to capture perfectly aligned input images and transmission images. The dataset is constructed using diverse glass types under various environments to ensure diversity. By analyzing several reflection removal methods and conducting extensive experiments on our dataset, we show that state-of-the-art reflection removal methods generally perform well on blurry reflection but fail in obtaining satisfying performance on other types of real-world reflection. We believe our dataset can help develop novel methods to remove real-world reflection better. Our dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://alexzhao-hugga.github.io/Real-World-Reflection-Removal/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 112.Learning Indoor Layouts from Simple Point-Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03378.pdf)
>  Reconstructing a layout of indoor spaces has been a crucial part of growing indoor location based services. One of the key challenges in the proliferation of indoor location based services is the unavailability of indoor spatial maps due to the complex nature of capturing an indoor space model (e.g., floor plan) of an existing building. In this paper, we propose a system to automatically generate floor plans that can recognize rooms from the point-clouds obtained through smartphones like Google's Tango. In particular, we propose two approaches - a Recurrent Neural Network based approach using Pointer Network and a Convolutional Neural Network based approach using Mask-RCNN to identify rooms (and thereby floor plans) from point-clouds. Experimental results on different datasets demonstrate approximately 0.80-0.90 Intersection-over-Union scores, which show that our models can effectively identify the rooms and regenerate the shapes of the rooms in heterogeneous environment.      
### 113.Temporal Action Localization Using Gated Recurrent Units  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03375.pdf)
>  Temporal Action Localization (TAL) task in which the aim is to predict the start and end of each action and its class label has many applications in the real world. But due to its complexity, researchers have not reached great results compared to the action recognition task. The complexity is related to predicting precise start and end times for different actions in any video. In this paper, we propose a new network based on Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) and two novel post-processing ideas for TAL task. Specifically, we propose a new design for the output layer of the GRU resulting in the so-called GRU-Splitted model. Moreover, linear interpolation is used to generate the action proposals with precise start and end times. Finally, to rank the generated proposals appropriately, we use a Learn to Rank (LTR) approach. We evaluated the performance of the proposed method on Thumos14 dataset. Results show the superiority of the performance of the proposed method compared to state-of-the-art. Especially in the mean Average Precision (mAP) metric at Intersection over Union (IoU) 0.7, we get 27.52% which is 5.12% better than that of state-of-the-art methods.      
### 114.Neighborhood Consensus Contrastive Learning for Backward-Compatible Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03372.pdf)
>  In object re-identification (ReID), the development of deep learning techniques often involves model update and deployment. It is unbearable to re-extract image features of the large-scale gallery when deploying new models. Therefore, backward-compatible representation is proposed to enable the "new" features compatible with "old"' features, free from the re-extracting process. The existing backward-compatible methods simply conduct constraints in the embedding space or discriminative space and ignore the intra-class variance of the old embeddings, resulting in a risk of damaging the discriminability of new embeddings. <br>In this work, we propose a Neighborhood Consensus Contrastive Learning (NCCL) method, which learns backward-compatible representation from a neighborhood consensus perspective with both embedding structures and discriminative knowledge. With NCCL, the new embeddings are aligned and improved with old embeddings in a multi-cluster view. Besides, we also propose a scheme to filter the old embeddings with low credibility, which can further improve the compatibility robustness. Our method ensures backward compatibility without impairing the accuracy of the new model. And it can even improve the new model's accuracy in most scenarios.      
### 115.Feature-Supervised Action Modality Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03329.pdf)
>  This paper strives for action recognition and detection in video modalities like RGB, depth maps or 3D-skeleton sequences when only limited modality-specific labeled examples are available. For the RGB, and derived optical-flow, modality many large-scale labeled datasets have been made available. They have become the de facto pre-training choice when recognizing or detecting new actions from RGB datasets that have limited amounts of labeled examples available. Unfortunately, large-scale labeled action datasets for other modalities are unavailable for pre-training. In this paper, our goal is to recognize actions from limited examples in non-RGB video modalities, by learning from large-scale labeled RGB data. To this end, we propose a two-step training process: (i) we extract action representation knowledge from an RGB-trained teacher network and adapt it to a non-RGB student network. (ii) we then fine-tune the transfer model with available labeled examples of the target modality. For the knowledge transfer we introduce feature-supervision strategies, which rely on unlabeled pairs of two modalities (the RGB and the target modality) to transfer feature level representations from the teacher to the student network. Ablations and generalizations with two RGB source datasets and two non-RGB target datasets demonstrate that an optical-flow teacher provides better action transfer features than RGB for both depth maps and 3D-skeletons, even when evaluated on a different target domain, or for a different task. Compared to alternative cross-modal action transfer methods we show a good improvement in performance especially when labeled non-RGB examples to learn from are scarce      
### 116.Medical image segmentation with imperfect 3D bounding boxes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03300.pdf)
>  The development of high quality medical image segmentation algorithms depends on the availability of large datasets with pixel-level labels. The challenges of collecting such datasets, especially in case of 3D volumes, motivate to develop approaches that can learn from other types of labels that are cheap to obtain, e.g. bounding boxes. We focus on 3D medical images with their corresponding 3D bounding boxes which are considered as series of per-slice non-tight 2D bounding boxes. While current weakly-supervised approaches that use 2D bounding boxes as weak labels can be applied to medical image segmentation, we show that their success is limited in cases when the assumption about the tightness of the bounding boxes breaks. We propose a new bounding box correction framework which is trained on a small set of pixel-level annotations to improve the tightness of a larger set of non-tight bounding box annotations. The effectiveness of our solution is demonstrated by evaluating a known weakly-supervised segmentation approach with and without the proposed bounding box correction algorithm. When the tightness is improved by our solution, the results of the weakly-supervised segmentation become much closer to those of the fully-supervised one.      
### 117.BiMaL: Bijective Maximum Likelihood Approach to Domain Adaptation in Semantic Scene Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03267.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation aims to predict pixel-level labels. It has become a popular task in various computer vision applications. While fully supervised segmentation methods have achieved high accuracy on large-scale vision datasets, they are unable to generalize on a new test environment or a new domain well. In this work, we first introduce a new Un-aligned Domain Score to measure the efficiency of a learned model on a new target domain in unsupervised manner. Then, we present the new Bijective Maximum Likelihood(BiMaL) loss that is a generalized form of the Adversarial Entropy Minimization without any assumption about pixel independence. We have evaluated the proposed BiMaL on two domains. The proposed BiMaL approach consistently outperforms the SOTA methods on empirical experiments on "SYNTHIA to Cityscapes", "GTA5 to Cityscapes", and "SYNTHIA to Vistas".      
### 118.(Just) A Spoonful of Refinements Helps the Registration Error Go Down  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03257.pdf)
>  We tackle data-driven 3D point cloud registration. Given point correspondences, the standard Kabsch algorithm provides an optimal rotation estimate. This allows to train registration models in an end-to-end manner by differentiating the SVD operation. However, given the initial rotation estimate supplied by Kabsch, we show we can improve point correspondence learning during model training by extending the original optimization problem. In particular, we linearize the governing constraints of the rotation matrix and solve the resulting linear system of equations. We then iteratively produce new solutions by updating the initial estimate. Our experiments show that, by plugging our differentiable layer to existing learning-based registration methods, we improve the correspondence matching quality. This yields up to a 7% decrease in rotation error for correspondence-based data-driven registration methods.      
### 119.The Right to Talk: An Audio-Visual Transformer Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03256.pdf)
>  Turn-taking has played an essential role in structuring the regulation of a conversation. The task of identifying the main speaker (who is properly taking his/her turn of speaking) and the interrupters (who are interrupting or reacting to the main speaker's utterances) remains a challenging task. Although some prior methods have partially addressed this task, there still remain some limitations. Firstly, a direct association of Audio and Visual features may limit the correlations to be extracted due to different modalities. Secondly, the relationship across temporal segments helping to maintain the consistency of localization, separation, and conversation contexts is not effectively exploited. Finally, the interactions between speakers that usually contain the tracking and anticipatory decisions about the transition to a new speaker are usually ignored. Therefore, this work introduces a new Audio-Visual Transformer approach to the problem of localization and highlighting the main speaker in both audio and visual channels of a multi-speaker conversation video in the wild. The proposed method exploits different types of correlations presented in both visual and audio signals. The temporal audio-visual relationships across spatial-temporal space are anticipated and optimized via the self-attention mechanism in a Transformerstructure. Moreover, a newly collected dataset is introduced for the main speaker detection. To the best of our knowledge, it is one of the first studies that is able to automatically localize and highlight the main speaker in both visual and audio channels in multi-speaker conversation videos.      
### 120.Operational Learning-based Boundary Estimation in Electromagnetic Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03233.pdf)
>  Incorporating boundaries of the imaging object as a priori information to imaging algorithms can significantly improve the performance of electromagnetic medical imaging systems. To avoid overly complicating the system by using different sensors and the adverse effect of the subject's movement, a learning-based method is proposed to estimate the boundary (external contour) of the imaged object using the same electromagnetic imaging data. While imaging techniques may discard the reflection coefficients for being dominant and uninformative for imaging, these parameters are made use of for boundary detection. The learned model is verified through independent clinical human trials by using a head imaging system with a 16-element antenna array that works across the band 0.7-1.6 GHz. The evaluation demonstrated that the model achieves average dissimilarity of 0.012 in Hu-moment while detecting head boundary. The model enables fast scan and image creation while eliminating the need for additional devices for accurate boundary estimation.      
### 121.Deep Learning for Embodied Vision Navigation: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04097.pdf)
>  Navigation is one of the fundamental features of a autonomous robot. And the ability of long-term navigation with semantic instruction is a `holy grail` goals of intelligent robots. The development of 3D simulation technology provide a large scale of data to simulate the real-world environment. The deep learning proves its ability to robustly learn various embodied navigation tasks. However, deep learning on embodied navigation is still in its infancy due to the unique challenges faced by the navigation exploration and learning from partial observed visual input. Recently, deep learning in embodied navigation has become even thriving, with numerous methods have been proposed to tackle different challenges in this area. To give a promising direction for future research, in this paper, we present a comprehensive review of embodied navigation tasks and the recent progress in deep learning based methods. It includes two major tasks: target-oriented navigation and the instruction-oriented navigation.      
### 122.3D Human Reconstruction in the Wild with Collaborative Aerial Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03936.pdf)
>  Aerial vehicles are revolutionizing applications that require capturing the 3D structure of dynamic targets in the wild, such as sports, medicine, and entertainment. The core challenges in developing a motion-capture system that operates in outdoors environments are: (1) 3D inference requires multiple simultaneous viewpoints of the target, (2) occlusion caused by obstacles is frequent when tracking moving targets, and (3) the camera and vehicle state estimation is noisy. We present a real-time aerial system for multi-camera control that can reconstruct human motions in natural environments without the use of special-purpose markers. We develop a multi-robot coordination scheme that maintains the optimal flight formation for target reconstruction quality amongst obstacles. We provide studies evaluating system performance in simulation, and validate real-world performance using two drones while a target performs activities such as jogging and playing soccer. Supplementary video: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/jxt91vx0cns" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 123.Unified Regularity Measures for Sample-wise Learning and Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03913.pdf)
>  Fundamental machine learning theory shows that different samples contribute unequally both in learning and testing processes. Contemporary studies on DNN imply that such sample di?erence is rooted on the distribution of intrinsic pattern information, namely sample regularity. Motivated by the recent discovery on network memorization and generalization, we proposed a pair of sample regularity measures for both processes with a formulation-consistent representation. Specifically, cumulative binary training/generalizing loss (CBTL/CBGL), the cumulative number of correct classi?cations of the training/testing sample within training stage, is proposed to quantize the stability in memorization-generalization process; while forgetting/mal-generalizing events, i.e., the mis-classification of previously learned or generalized sample, are utilized to represent the uncertainty of sample regularity with respect to optimization dynamics. Experiments validated the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed approaches for mini-batch SGD optimization. Further applications on training/testing sample selection show the proposed measures sharing the uni?ed computing procedure could benefit for both tasks.      
### 124.Safe Vessel Navigation Visually Aided by Autonomous Unmanned Aerial Vehicles in Congested Harbors and Waterways  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03862.pdf)
>  In the maritime sector, safe vessel navigation is of great importance, particularly in congested harbors and waterways. The focus of this work is to estimate the distance between an object of interest and potential obstacles using a companion UAV. The proposed approach fuses GPS data with long-range aerial images. First, we employ semantic segmentation DNN for discriminating the vessel of interest, water, and potential solid objects using raw image data. The network is trained with both real and images generated and automatically labeled from a realistic AirSim simulation environment. Then, the distances between the extracted vessel and non-water obstacle blobs are computed using a novel GSD estimation algorithm. To the best of our knowledge, this work is the first attempt to detect and estimate distances to unknown objects from long-range visual data captured with conventional RGB cameras and auxiliary absolute positioning systems (e.g. GPS). The simulation results illustrate the accuracy and efficacy of the proposed method for visually aided navigation of vessels assisted by UAV.      
### 125.GAN Computers Generate Arts? A Survey on Visual Arts, Music, and Literary Text Generation using Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03857.pdf)
>  "Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth." - Pablo Picasso. For centuries, humans have dedicated themselves to producing arts to convey their imagination. The advancement in technology and deep learning in particular, has caught the attention of many researchers trying to investigate whether art generation is possible by computers and algorithms. Using generative adversarial networks (GANs), applications such as synthesizing photorealistic human faces and creating captions automatically from images were realized. This survey takes a comprehensive look at the recent works using GANs for generating visual arts, music, and literary text. A performance comparison and description of the various GAN architecture are also presented. Finally, some of the key challenges in art generation using GANs are highlighted along with recommendations for future work.      
### 126.Image reconstruction in light-sheet microscopy: spatially varying deconvolution and mixed noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03642.pdf)
>  We study the problem of deconvolution for light-sheet microscopy, where the data is corrupted by spatially varying blur and a combination of Poisson and Gaussian noise. The spatial variation of the point spread function (PSF) of a light-sheet microscope is determined by the interaction between the excitation sheet and the detection objective PSF. First, we introduce a model of the image formation process that incorporates this interaction, therefore capturing the main characteristics of this imaging modality. Then, we formulate a variational model that accounts for the combination of Poisson and Gaussian noise through a data fidelity term consisting of the infimal convolution of the single noise fidelities, first introduced in L. Calatroni et al. "Infimal convolution of data discrepancies for mixed noise removal", SIAM Journal on Imaging Sciences 10.3 (2017), 1196-1233. We establish convergence rates in a Bregman distance under a source condition for the infimal convolution fidelity and a discrepancy principle for choosing the value of the regularisation parameter. The inverse problem is solved by applying the primal-dual hybrid gradient (PDHG) algorithm in a novel way. Finally, numerical experiments performed on both simulated and real data show superior reconstruction results in comparison with other methods.      
### 127.Expressive Power and Loss Surfaces of Deep Learning Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03579.pdf)
>  The goals of this paper are two-fold. The first goal is to serve as an expository tutorial on the working of deep learning models which emphasizes geometrical intuition about the reasons for success of deep learning. The second goal is to complement the current results on the expressive power of deep learning models and their loss surfaces with novel insights and results. In particular, we describe how deep neural networks carve out manifolds especially when the multiplication neurons are introduced. Multiplication is used in dot products and the attention mechanism and it is employed in capsule networks and self-attention based transformers. We also describe how random polynomial, random matrix, spin glass and computational complexity perspectives on the loss surfaces are interconnected.      
### 128.Membership Inference Attacks on Lottery Ticket Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03506.pdf)
>  The vulnerability of the Lottery Ticket Hypothesis has not been studied from the purview of Membership Inference Attacks. Through this work, we are the first to empirically show that the lottery ticket networks are equally vulnerable to membership inference attacks. A Membership Inference Attack (MIA) is the process of determining whether a data sample belongs to a training set of a trained model or not. Membership Inference Attacks could leak critical information about the training data that can be used for targeted attacks. Recent deep learning models often have very large memory footprints and a high computational cost associated with training and drawing inferences. Lottery Ticket Hypothesis is used to prune the networks to find smaller sub-networks that at least match the performance of the original model in terms of test accuracy in a similar number of iterations. We used CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and ImageNet datasets to perform image classification tasks and observe that the attack accuracies are similar. We also see that the attack accuracy varies directly according to the number of classes in the dataset and the sparsity of the network. We demonstrate that these attacks are transferable across models with high accuracy.      
### 129.Learning Foveated Reconstruction to Preserve Perceived Image Statistics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03499.pdf)
>  Foveated image reconstruction recovers full image from a sparse set of samples distributed according to the human visual system's retinal sensitivity that rapidly drops with eccentricity. Recently, the use of Generative Adversarial Networks was shown to be a promising solution for such a task as they can successfully hallucinate missing image information. Like for other supervised learning approaches, also for this one, the definition of the loss function and training strategy heavily influences the output quality. In this work, we pose the question of how to efficiently guide the training of foveated reconstruction techniques such that they are fully aware of the human visual system's capabilities and limitations, and therefore, reconstruct visually important image features. Due to the nature of GAN-based solutions, we concentrate on the human's sensitivity to hallucination for different input sample densities. We present new psychophysical experiments, a dataset, and a procedure for training foveated image reconstruction. The strategy provides flexibility to the generator network by penalizing only perceptually important deviations in the output. As a result, the method aims to preserve perceived image statistics rather than natural image statistics. We evaluate our strategy and compare it to alternative solutions using a newly trained objective metric and user experiments.      
### 130.Real-time Geo-localization Using Satellite Imagery and Topography for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03344.pdf)
>  The capabilities of autonomous flight with unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have significantly increased in recent times. However, basic problems such as fast and robust geo-localization in GPS-denied environments still remain unsolved. Existing research has primarily concentrated on improving the accuracy of localization at the cost of long and varying computation time in various situations, which often necessitates the use of powerful ground station machines. In order to make image-based geo-localization online and pragmatic for lightweight embedded systems on UAVs, we propose a framework that is reliable in changing scenes, flexible about computing resource allocation and adaptable to common camera placements. The framework is comprised of two stages: offline database preparation and online inference. At the first stage, color images and depth maps are rendered as seen from potential vehicle poses quantized over the satellite and topography maps of anticipated flying areas. A database is then populated with the global and local descriptors of the rendered images. At the second stage, for each captured real-world query image, top global matches are retrieved from the database and the vehicle pose is further refined via local descriptor matching. We present field experiments of image-based localization on two different UAV platforms to validate our results.      
### 131.BEHAVIOR: Benchmark for Everyday Household Activities in Virtual, Interactive, and Ecological Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03332.pdf)
>  We introduce BEHAVIOR, a benchmark for embodied AI with 100 activities in simulation, spanning a range of everyday household chores such as cleaning, maintenance, and food preparation. These activities are designed to be realistic, diverse, and complex, aiming to reproduce the challenges that agents must face in the real world. Building such a benchmark poses three fundamental difficulties for each activity: definition (it can differ by time, place, or person), instantiation in a simulator, and evaluation. BEHAVIOR addresses these with three innovations. First, we propose an object-centric, predicate logic-based description language for expressing an activity's initial and goal conditions, enabling generation of diverse instances for any activity. Second, we identify the simulator-agnostic features required by an underlying environment to support BEHAVIOR, and demonstrate its realization in one such simulator. Third, we introduce a set of metrics to measure task progress and efficiency, absolute and relative to human demonstrators. We include 500 human demonstrations in virtual reality (VR) to serve as the human ground truth. Our experiments demonstrate that even state of the art embodied AI solutions struggle with the level of realism, diversity, and complexity imposed by the activities in our benchmark. We make BEHAVIOR publicly available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://behavior.stanford.edu" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> to facilitate and calibrate the development of new embodied AI solutions.      
### 132.Semantic Segmentation and Object Detection Towards Instance Segmentation: Breast Tumor Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03287.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is one of the factors that cause the increase of mortality of women. The most widely used method for diagnosing this geological disease i.e. breast cancer is the ultrasound scan. Several key features such as the smoothness and the texture of the tumor captured through ultrasound scans encode the abnormality of the breast tumors (malignant from benign). However, ultrasound scans are often noisy and include irrelevant parts of the breast that may bias the segmentation of eventual tumors. In this paper, we are going to extract the region of interest ( i.e, bounding boxes of the tumors) and feed-forward them to one semantic segmentation encoder-decoder structure based on its classification (i.e, malignant or benign). the whole process aims to build an instance-based segmenter from a semantic segmenter and an object detector.      
### 133.IGibson 2.0: Object-Centric Simulation for Robot Learning of Everyday Household Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03272.pdf)
>  Recent research in embodied AI has been boosted by the use of simulation environments to develop and train robot learning approaches. However, the use of simulation has skewed the attention to tasks that only require what robotics simulators can simulate: motion and physical contact. We present iGibson 2.0, an open-source simulation environment that supports the simulation of a more diverse set of household tasks through three key innovations. First, iGibson 2.0 supports object states, including temperature, wetness level, cleanliness level, and toggled and sliced states, necessary to cover a wider range of tasks. Second, iGibson 2.0 implements a set of predicate logic functions that map the simulator states to logic states like Cooked or Soaked. Additionally, given a logic state, iGibson 2.0 can sample valid physical states that satisfy it. This functionality can generate potentially infinite instances of tasks with minimal effort from the users. The sampling mechanism allows our scenes to be more densely populated with small objects in semantically meaningful locations. Third, iGibson 2.0 includes a virtual reality (VR) interface to immerse humans in its scenes to collect demonstrations. As a result, we can collect demonstrations from humans on these new types of tasks, and use them for imitation learning. We evaluate the new capabilities of iGibson 2.0 to enable robot learning of novel tasks, in the hope of demonstrating the potential of this new simulator to support new research in embodied AI. iGibson 2.0 and its new dataset will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://svl.stanford.edu/igibson/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
