# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 13 Aug 2021
### 1.Mobile-Former: Bridging MobileNet and Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05895.pdf)
>  We present Mobile-Former, a parallel design of MobileNet and Transformer with a two-way bridge in between. This structure leverages the advantage of MobileNet at local processing and transformer at global interaction. And the bridge enables bidirectional fusion of local and global features. Different with recent works on vision transformer, the transformer in Mobile-Former contains very few tokens (e.g. less than 6 tokens) that are randomly initialized, resulting in low computational cost. Combining with the proposed light-weight cross attention to model the bridge, Mobile-Former is not only computationally efficient, but also has more representation power, outperforming MobileNetV3 at low FLOP regime from 25M to 500M FLOPs on ImageNet classification. For instance, it achieves 77.9\% top-1 accuracy at 294M FLOPs, gaining 1.3\% over MobileNetV3 but saving 17\% of computations. When transferring to object detection, Mobile-Former outperforms MobileNetV3 by 8.6 AP.      
### 2.MicroNet: Improving Image Recognition with Extremely Low FLOPs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05894.pdf)
>  This paper aims at addressing the problem of substantial performance degradation at extremely low computational cost (e.g. 5M FLOPs on ImageNet classification). We found that two factors, sparse connectivity and dynamic activation function, are effective to improve the accuracy. The former avoids the significant reduction of network width, while the latter mitigates the detriment of reduction in network depth. Technically, we propose micro-factorized convolution, which factorizes a convolution matrix into low rank matrices, to integrate sparse connectivity into convolution. We also present a new dynamic activation function, named Dynamic Shift Max, to improve the non-linearity via maxing out multiple dynamic fusions between an input feature map and its circular channel shift. Building upon these two new operators, we arrive at a family of networks, named MicroNet, that achieves significant performance gains over the state of the art in the low FLOP regime. For instance, under the constraint of 12M FLOPs, MicroNet achieves 59.4\% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet classification, outperforming MobileNetV3 by 9.6\%. Source code is at \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/liyunsheng13/micronet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/liyunsheng13/micronet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 3.PixelSynth: Generating a 3D-Consistent Experience from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05892.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in differentiable rendering and 3D reasoning have driven exciting results in novel view synthesis from a single image. Despite realistic results, methods are limited to relatively small view change. In order to synthesize immersive scenes, models must also be able to extrapolate. We present an approach that fuses 3D reasoning with autoregressive modeling to outpaint large view changes in a 3D-consistent manner, enabling scene synthesis. We demonstrate considerable improvement in single image large-angle view synthesis results compared to a variety of methods and possible variants across simulated and real datasets. In addition, we show increased 3D consistency compared to alternative accumulation methods. Project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://crockwell.github.io/pixelsynth/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 4.Towards Interpretable Deep Metric Learning with Structural Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05889.pdf)
>  How do the neural networks distinguish two images? It is of critical importance to understand the matching mechanism of deep models for developing reliable intelligent systems for many risky visual applications such as surveillance and access control. However, most existing deep metric learning methods match the images by comparing feature vectors, which ignores the spatial structure of images and thus lacks interpretability. In this paper, we present a deep interpretable metric learning (DIML) method for more transparent embedding learning. Unlike conventional metric learning methods based on feature vector comparison, we propose a structural matching strategy that explicitly aligns the spatial embeddings by computing an optimal matching flow between feature maps of the two images. Our method enables deep models to learn metrics in a more human-friendly way, where the similarity of two images can be decomposed to several part-wise similarities and their contributions to the overall similarity. Our method is model-agnostic, which can be applied to off-the-shelf backbone networks and metric learning methods. We evaluate our method on three major benchmarks of deep metric learning including CUB200-2011, Cars196, and Stanford Online Products, and achieve substantial improvements over popular metric learning methods with better interpretability. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wl-zhao/DIML" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 5.Multiview Detection with Shadow Transformer (and View-Coherent Data Augmentation)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05888.pdf)
>  Multiview detection incorporates multiple camera views to deal with occlusions, and its central problem is multiview aggregation. Given feature map projections from multiple views onto a common ground plane, the state-of-the-art method addresses this problem via convolution, which applies the same calculation regardless of object locations. However, such translation-invariant behaviors might not be the best choice, as object features undergo various projection distortions according to their positions and cameras. In this paper, we propose a novel multiview detector, MVDeTr, that adopts a newly introduced shadow transformer to aggregate multiview information. Unlike convolutions, shadow transformer attends differently at different positions and cameras to deal with various shadow-like distortions. We propose an effective training scheme that includes a new view-coherent data augmentation method, which applies random augmentations while maintaining multiview consistency. On two multiview detection benchmarks, we report new state-of-the-art accuracy with the proposed system. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hou-yz/MVDeTr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Billion-Scale Pretraining with Vision Transformers for Multi-Task Visual Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05887.pdf)
>  Large-scale pretraining of visual representations has led to state-of-the-art performance on a range of benchmark computer vision tasks, yet the benefits of these techniques at extreme scale in complex production systems has been relatively unexplored. We consider the case of a popular visual discovery product, where these representations are trained with multi-task learning, from use-case specific visual understanding (e.g. skin tone classification) to general representation learning for all visual content (e.g. embeddings for retrieval). In this work, we describe how we (1) generate a dataset with over a billion images via large weakly-supervised pretraining to improve the performance of these visual representations, and (2) leverage Transformers to replace the traditional convolutional backbone, with insights into both system and performance improvements, especially at 1B+ image scale. To support this backbone model, we detail a systematic approach to deriving weakly-supervised image annotations from heterogenous text signals, demonstrating the benefits of clustering techniques to handle the long-tail distribution of image labels. Through a comprehensive study of offline and online evaluation, we show that large-scale Transformer-based pretraining provides significant benefits to industry computer vision applications. The model is deployed in a production visual shopping system, with 36% improvement in top-1 relevance and 23% improvement in click-through volume. We conduct extensive experiments to better understand the empirical relationships between Transformer-based architectures, dataset scale, and the performance of production vision systems.      
### 7.Unconditional Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05884.pdf)
>  Despite recent advancements in single-domain or single-object image generation, it is still challenging to generate complex scenes containing diverse, multiple objects and their interactions. Scene graphs, composed of nodes as objects and directed-edges as relationships among objects, offer an alternative representation of a scene that is more semantically grounded than images. We hypothesize that a generative model for scene graphs might be able to learn the underlying semantic structure of real-world scenes more effectively than images, and hence, generate realistic novel scenes in the form of scene graphs. In this work, we explore a new task for the unconditional generation of semantic scene graphs. We develop a deep auto-regressive model called SceneGraphGen which can directly learn the probability distribution over labelled and directed graphs using a hierarchical recurrent architecture. The model takes a seed object as input and generates a scene graph in a sequence of steps, each step generating an object node, followed by a sequence of relationship edges connecting to the previous nodes. We show that the scene graphs generated by SceneGraphGen are diverse and follow the semantic patterns of real-world scenes. Additionally, we demonstrate the application of the generated graphs in image synthesis, anomaly detection and scene graph completion.      
### 8.Improving Ranking Correlation of Supernet with Candidates Enhancement and Progressive Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05866.pdf)
>  One-shot neural architecture search (NAS) applies weight-sharing supernet to reduce the unaffordable computation overhead of automated architecture designing. However, the weight-sharing technique worsens the ranking consistency of performance due to the interferences between different candidate networks. To address this issue, we propose a candidates enhancement method and progressive training pipeline to improve the ranking correlation of supernet. Specifically, we carefully redesign the sub-networks in the supernet and map the original supernet to a new one of high capacity. In addition, we gradually add narrow branches of supernet to reduce the degree of weight sharing which effectively alleviates the mutual interference between sub-networks. Finally, our method ranks the 1st place in the Supernet Track of CVPR2021 1st Lightweight NAS Challenge.      
### 9.Towers of Babel: Combining Images, Language, and 3D Geometry for Learning Multimodal Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05863.pdf)
>  The abundance and richness of Internet photos of landmarks and cities has led to significant progress in 3D vision over the past two decades, including automated 3D reconstructions of the world's landmarks from tourist photos. However, a major source of information available for these 3D-augmented collections---namely language, e.g., from image captions---has been virtually untapped. In this work, we present WikiScenes, a new, large-scale dataset of landmark photo collections that contains descriptive text in the form of captions and hierarchical category names. WikiScenes forms a new testbed for multimodal reasoning involving images, text, and 3D geometry. We demonstrate the utility of WikiScenes for learning semantic concepts over images and 3D models. Our weakly-supervised framework connects images, 3D structure, and semantics---utilizing the strong constraints provided by 3D geometry---to associate semantic concepts to image pixels and 3D points.      
### 10.m-RevNet: Deep Reversible Neural Networks with Momentum  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05862.pdf)
>  In recent years, the connections between deep residual networks and first-order Ordinary Differential Equations (ODEs) have been disclosed. In this work, we further bridge the deep neural architecture design with the second-order ODEs and propose a novel reversible neural network, termed as m-RevNet, that is characterized by inserting momentum update to residual blocks. The reversible property allows us to perform backward pass without access to activation values of the forward pass, greatly relieving the storage burden during training. Furthermore, the theoretical foundation based on second-order ODEs grants m-RevNet with stronger representational power than vanilla residual networks, which potentially explains its performance gains. For certain learning scenarios, we analytically and empirically reveal that our m-RevNet succeeds while standard ResNet fails. Comprehensive experiments on various image classification and semantic segmentation benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our m-RevNet over ResNet, concerning both memory efficiency and recognition performance.      
### 11.Continual Neural Mapping: Learning An Implicit Scene Representation from Sequential Observations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05851.pdf)
>  Recent advances have enabled a single neural network to serve as an implicit scene representation, establishing the mapping function between spatial coordinates and scene properties. In this paper, we make a further step towards continual learning of the implicit scene representation directly from sequential observations, namely Continual Neural Mapping. The proposed problem setting bridges the gap between batch-trained implicit neural representations and commonly used streaming data in robotics and vision communities. We introduce an experience replay approach to tackle an exemplary task of continual neural mapping: approximating a continuous signed distance function (SDF) from sequential depth images as a scene geometry representation. We show for the first time that a single network can represent scene geometry over time continually without catastrophic forgetting, while achieving promising trade-offs between accuracy and efficiency.      
### 12.AdaFit: Rethinking Learning-based Normal Estimation on Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05836.pdf)
>  This paper presents a neural network for robust normal estimation on point clouds, named AdaFit, that can deal with point clouds with noise and density variations. Existing works use a network to learn point-wise weights for weighted least squares surface fitting to estimate the normals, which has difficulty in finding accurate normals in complex regions or containing noisy points. By analyzing the step of weighted least squares surface fitting, we find that it is hard to determine the polynomial order of the fitting surface and the fitting surface is sensitive to outliers. To address these problems, we propose a simple yet effective solution that adds an additional offset prediction to improve the quality of normal estimation. Furthermore, in order to take advantage of points from different neighborhood sizes, a novel Cascaded Scale Aggregation layer is proposed to help the network predict more accurate point-wise offsets and weights. Extensive experiments demonstrate that AdaFit achieves state-of-the-art performance on both the synthetic PCPNet dataset and the real-word SceneNN dataset.      
### 13.TF-Blender: Temporal Feature Blender for Video Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05821.pdf)
>  Video objection detection is a challenging task because isolated video frames may encounter appearance deterioration, which introduces great confusion for detection. One of the popular solutions is to exploit the temporal information and enhance per-frame representation through aggregating features from neighboring frames. Despite achieving improvements in detection, existing methods focus on the selection of higher-level video frames for aggregation rather than modeling lower-level temporal relations to increase the feature representation. To address this limitation, we propose a novel solution named TF-Blender,which includes three modules: 1) Temporal relation mod-els the relations between the current frame and its neighboring frames to preserve spatial information. 2). Feature adjustment enriches the representation of every neigh-boring feature map; 3) Feature blender combines outputs from the first two modules and produces stronger features for the later detection tasks. For its simplicity, TF-Blender can be effortlessly plugged into any detection network to improve detection behavior. Extensive evaluations on ImageNet VID and YouTube-VIS benchmarks indicate the performance guarantees of using TF-Blender on recent state-of-the-art methods.      
### 14.Progressive Coordinate Transforms for Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05793.pdf)
>  Recognizing and localizing objects in the 3D space is a crucial ability for an AI agent to perceive its surrounding environment. While significant progress has been achieved with expensive LiDAR point clouds, it poses a great challenge for 3D object detection given only a monocular image. While there exist different alternatives for tackling this problem, it is found that they are either equipped with heavy networks to fuse RGB and depth information or empirically ineffective to process millions of pseudo-LiDAR points. With in-depth examination, we realize that these limitations are rooted in inaccurate object localization. In this paper, we propose a novel and lightweight approach, dubbed Progressive Coordinate Transforms (PCT) to facilitate learning coordinate representations. Specifically, a localization boosting mechanism with confidence-aware loss is introduced to progressively refine the localization prediction. In addition, semantic image repre- sentation is also exploited to compensate for the usage of patch proposals. Despite being lightweight and simple, our strategy leads to superior improvements on the KITTI and Waymo Open Dataset monocular 3D detection benchmarks. At the same time, our proposed PCT shows great generalization to most coordinate- based 3D detection frameworks. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> amazon-research/progressive-coordinate-transforms.      
### 15.Presenting an extensive lab- and field-image dataset of crops and weeds for computer vision tasks in agriculture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05789.pdf)
>  We present two large datasets of labelled plant-images that are suited towards the training of machine learning and computer vision models. The first dataset encompasses as the day of writing over 1.2 million images of indoor-grown crops and weeds common to the Canadian Prairies and many US states. The second dataset consists of over 540,000 images of plants imaged in farmland. All indoor plant images are labelled by species and we provide rich etadata on the level of individual images. This comprehensive database allows to filter the datasets under user-defined specifications such as for example the crop-type or the age of the plant. Furthermore, the indoor dataset contains images of plants taken from a wide variety of angles, including profile shots, top-down shots, and angled perspectives. The images taken from plants in fields are all from a top-down perspective and contain usually multiple plants per image. For these images metadata is also available. In this paper we describe both datasets' characteristics with respect to plant variety, plant age, and number of images. We further introduce an open-access sample of the indoor-dataset that contains 1,000 images of each species covered in our dataset. These, in total 14,000 images, had been selected, such that they form a representative sample with respect to plant age and ndividual plants per species. This sample serves as a quick entry point for new users to the dataset, allowing them to explore the data on a small scale and find the parameters of data most useful for their application without having to deal with hundreds of thousands of individual images.      
### 16.DiagViB-6: A Diagnostic Benchmark Suite for Vision Models in the Presence of Shortcut and Generalization Opportunities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05779.pdf)
>  Common deep neural networks (DNNs) for image classification have been shown to rely on shortcut opportunities (SO) in the form of predictive and easy-to-represent visual factors. This is known as shortcut learning and leads to impaired generalization. In this work, we show that common DNNs also suffer from shortcut learning when predicting only basic visual object factors of variation (FoV) such as shape, color, or texture. We argue that besides shortcut opportunities, generalization opportunities (GO) are also an inherent part of real-world vision data and arise from partial independence between predicted classes and FoVs. We also argue that it is necessary for DNNs to exploit GO to overcome shortcut learning. Our core contribution is to introduce the Diagnostic Vision Benchmark suite DiagViB-6, which includes datasets and metrics to study a network's shortcut vulnerability and generalization capability for six independent FoV. In particular, DiagViB-6 allows controlling the type and degree of SO and GO in a dataset. We benchmark a wide range of popular vision architectures and show that they can exploit GO only to a limited extent.      
### 17.Correlate-and-Excite: Real-Time Stereo Matching via Guided Cost Volume Excitation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05773.pdf)
>  Volumetric deep learning approach towards stereo matching aggregates a cost volume computed from input left and right images using 3D convolutions. Recent works showed that utilization of extracted image features and a spatially varying cost volume aggregation complements 3D convolutions. However, existing methods with spatially varying operations are complex, cost considerable computation time, and cause memory consumption to increase. In this work, we construct Guided Cost volume Excitation (GCE) and show that simple channel excitation of cost volume guided by image can improve performance considerably. Moreover, we propose a novel method of using top-k selection prior to soft-argmin disparity regression for computing the final disparity estimate. Combining our novel contributions, we present an end-to-end network that we call Correlate-and-Excite (CoEx). Extensive experiments of our model on the SceneFlow, KITTI 2012, and KITTI 2015 datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our model and show that our model outperforms other speed-based algorithms while also being competitive to other state-of-the-art algorithms. Codes will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/antabangun/coex" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.MT-ORL: Multi-Task Occlusion Relationship Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05722.pdf)
>  Retrieving occlusion relation among objects in a single image is challenging due to sparsity of boundaries in image. We observe two key issues in existing works: firstly, lack of an architecture which can exploit the limited amount of coupling in the decoder stage between the two subtasks, namely occlusion boundary extraction and occlusion orientation prediction, and secondly, improper representation of occlusion orientation. In this paper, we propose a novel architecture called Occlusion-shared and Path-separated Network (OPNet), which solves the first issue by exploiting rich occlusion cues in shared high-level features and structured spatial information in task-specific low-level features. We then design a simple but effective orthogonal occlusion representation (OOR) to tackle the second issue. Our method surpasses the state-of-the-art methods by 6.1%/8.3% Boundary-AP and 6.5%/10% Orientation-AP on standard PIOD/BSDS ownership datasets. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fengpanhe/MT-ORL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Semantic Concentration for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05720.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation (DA) paves the way for label annotation and dataset bias issues by the knowledge transfer from a label-rich source domain to a related but unlabeled target domain. A mainstream of DA methods is to align the feature distributions of the two domains. However, the majority of them focus on the entire image features where irrelevant semantic information, e.g., the messy background, is inevitably embedded. Enforcing feature alignments in such case will negatively influence the correct matching of objects and consequently lead to the semantically negative transfer due to the confusion of irrelevant semantics. To tackle this issue, we propose Semantic Concentration for Domain Adaptation (SCDA), which encourages the model to concentrate on the most principal features via the pair-wise adversarial alignment of prediction distributions. Specifically, we train the classifier to class-wisely maximize the prediction distribution divergence of each sample pair, which enables the model to find the region with large differences among the same class of samples. Meanwhile, the feature extractor attempts to minimize that discrepancy, which suppresses the features of dissimilar regions among the same class of samples and accentuates the features of principal parts. As a general method, SCDA can be easily integrated into various DA methods as a regularizer to further boost their performance. Extensive experiments on the cross-domain benchmarks show the efficacy of SCDA.      
### 20.Oriented R-CNN for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05699.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art two-stage detectors generate oriented proposals through time-consuming schemes. This diminishes the detectors' speed, thereby becoming the computational bottleneck in advanced oriented object detection systems. This work proposes an effective and simple oriented object detection framework, termed Oriented R-CNN, which is a general two-stage oriented detector with promising accuracy and efficiency. To be specific, in the first stage, we propose an oriented Region Proposal Network (oriented RPN) that directly generates high-quality oriented proposals in a nearly cost-free manner. The second stage is oriented R-CNN head for refining oriented Regions of Interest (oriented RoIs) and recognizing them. Without tricks, oriented R-CNN with ResNet50 achieves state-of-the-art detection accuracy on two commonly-used datasets for oriented object detection including DOTA (75.87% mAP) and HRSC2016 (96.50% mAP), while having a speed of 15.1 FPS with the image size of 1024$\times$1024 on a single RTX 2080Ti. We hope our work could inspire rethinking the design of oriented detectors and serve as a baseline for oriented object detection. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jbwang1997/OBBDetection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.MISS GAN: A Multi-IlluStrator Style Generative Adversarial Network for image to illustration translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05693.pdf)
>  Unsupervised style transfer that supports diverse input styles using only one trained generator is a challenging and interesting task in computer vision. This paper proposes a Multi-IlluStrator Style Generative Adversarial Network (MISS GAN) that is a multi-style framework for unsupervised image-to-illustration translation, which can generate styled yet content preserving images. The illustrations dataset is a challenging one since it is comprised of illustrations of seven different illustrators, hence contains diverse styles. Existing methods require to train several generators (as the number of illustrators) to handle the different illustrators' styles, which limits their practical usage, or require to train an image specific network, which ignores the style information provided in other images of the illustrator. MISS GAN is both input image specific and uses the information of other images using only one trained model.      
### 22.Learning Visual Affordance Grounding from Demonstration Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05675.pdf)
>  Visual affordance grounding aims to segment all possible interaction regions between people and objects from an image/video, which is beneficial for many applications, such as robot grasping and action recognition. However, existing methods mainly rely on the appearance feature of the objects to segment each region of the image, which face the following two problems: (i) there are multiple possible regions in an object that people interact with; and (ii) there are multiple possible human interactions in the same object region. To address these problems, we propose a Hand-aided Affordance Grounding Network (HAGNet) that leverages the aided clues provided by the position and action of the hand in demonstration videos to eliminate the multiple possibilities and better locate the interaction regions in the object. Specifically, HAG-Net has a dual-branch structure to process the demonstration video and object image. For the video branch, we introduce hand-aided attention to enhance the region around the hand in each video frame and then use the LSTM network to aggregate the action features. For the object branch, we introduce a semantic enhancement module (SEM) to make the network focus on different parts of the object according to the action classes and utilize a distillation loss to align the output features of the object branch with that of the video branch and transfer the knowledge in the video branch to the object branch. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations on two challenging datasets show that our method has achieved stateof-the-art results for affordance grounding. The source code will be made available to the public.      
### 23.Conditional Temporal Variational AutoEncoder for Action Video Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05658.pdf)
>  To synthesize a realistic action sequence based on a single human image, it is crucial to model both motion patterns and diversity in the action video. This paper proposes an Action Conditional Temporal Variational AutoEncoder (ACT-VAE) to improve motion prediction accuracy and capture movement diversity. ACT-VAE predicts pose sequences for an action clips from a single input image. It is implemented as a deep generative model that maintains temporal coherence according to the action category with a novel temporal modeling on latent space. Further, ACT-VAE is a general action sequence prediction framework. When connected with a plug-and-play Pose-to-Image (P2I) network, ACT-VAE can synthesize image sequences. Extensive experiments bear out our approach can predict accurate pose and synthesize realistic image sequences, surpassing state-of-the-art approaches. Compared to existing methods, ACT-VAE improves model accuracy and preserves diversity.      
### 24.UniFaceGAN: A Unified Framework for Temporally Consistent Facial Video Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05650.pdf)
>  Recent research has witnessed advances in facial image editing tasks including face swapping and face reenactment. However, these methods are confined to dealing with one specific task at a time. In addition, for video facial editing, previous methods either simply apply transformations frame by frame or utilize multiple frames in a concatenated or iterative fashion, which leads to noticeable visual flickers. In this paper, we propose a unified temporally consistent facial video editing framework termed UniFaceGAN. Based on a 3D reconstruction model and a simple yet efficient dynamic training sample selection mechanism, our framework is designed to handle face swapping and face reenactment simultaneously. To enforce the temporal consistency, a novel 3D temporal loss constraint is introduced based on the barycentric coordinate interpolation. Besides, we propose a region-aware conditional normalization layer to replace the traditional AdaIN or SPADE to synthesize more context-harmonious results. Compared with the state-of-the-art facial image editing methods, our framework generates video portraits that are more photo-realistic and temporally smooth.      
### 25.Resetting the baseline: CT-based COVID-19 diagnosis with Deep Transfer Learning is not as accurate as widely thought  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05649.pdf)
>  Deep learning is gaining instant popularity in computer aided diagnosis of COVID-19. Due to the high sensitivity of Computed Tomography (CT) to this disease, CT-based COVID-19 detection with visual models is currently at the forefront of medical imaging research. Outcomes published in this direction are frequently claiming highly accurate detection under deep transfer learning. This is leading medical technologists to believe that deep transfer learning is the mainstream solution for the problem. However, our critical analysis of the literature reveals an alarming performance disparity between different published results. Hence, we conduct a systematic thorough investigation to analyze the effectiveness of deep transfer learning for COVID-19 detection with CT images. Exploring 14 state-of-the-art visual models with over 200 model training sessions, we conclusively establish that the published literature is frequently overestimating transfer learning performance for the problem, even in the prestigious scientific sources. The roots of overestimation trace back to inappropriate data curation. We also provide case studies that consider more realistic scenarios, and establish transparent baselines for the problem. We hope that our reproducible investigation will help in curbing hype-driven claims for the critical problem of COVID-19 diagnosis, and pave the way for a more transparent performance evaluation of techniques for CT-based COVID-19 detection.      
### 26.Memory-based Semantic Segmentation for Off-road Unstructured Natural Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05635.pdf)
>  With the availability of many datasets tailored for autonomous driving in real-world urban scenes, semantic segmentation for urban driving scenes achieves significant progress. However, semantic segmentation for off-road, unstructured environments is not widely studied. Directly applying existing segmentation networks often results in performance degradation as they cannot overcome intrinsic problems in such environments, such as illumination changes. In this paper, a built-in memory module for semantic segmentation is proposed to overcome these problems. The memory module stores significant representations of training images as memory items. In addition to the encoder embedding like items together, the proposed memory module is specifically designed to cluster together instances of the same class even when there are significant variances in embedded features. Therefore, it makes segmentation networks better deal with unexpected illumination changes. A triplet loss is used in training to minimize redundancy in storing discriminative representations of the memory module. The proposed memory module is general so that it can be adopted in a variety of networks. We conduct experiments on the Robot Unstructured Ground Driving (RUGD) dataset and RELLIS dataset, which are collected from off-road, unstructured natural environments. Experimental results show that the proposed memory module improves the performance of existing segmentation networks and contributes to capturing unclear objects over various off-road, unstructured natural scenes with equivalent computational cost and network parameters. As the proposed method can be integrated into compact networks, it presents a viable approach for resource-limited small autonomous platforms.      
### 27.Spatio-Temporal Human Action Recognition Modelwith Flexible-interval Sampling and Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05633.pdf)
>  Human action recognition is a well-known computer vision and pattern recognition task of identifying which action a man is actually doing. Extracting the keypoint information of a single human with both spatial and temporal features of action sequences plays an essential role to accomplish the <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://task.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, we propose a human action system for Red-Green-Blue(RGB) input video with our own designed module. Based on the efficient Gated Recurrent Unit(GRU) for spatio-temporal feature extraction, we add another sampling module and normalization module to improve the performance of the model in order to recognize the human actions. Furthermore, we build a novel dataset with a similar background and discriminative actions for both human keypoint prediction and behavior recognition. To get a better result, we retrain the pose model with our new dataset to get better performance. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model on our own human behavior recognition dataset and some public datasets.      
### 28.3D-SiamRPN: An End-to-End Learning Method for Real-Time 3D Single Object Tracking Using Raw Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05630.pdf)
>  3D single object tracking is a key issue for autonomous following robot, where the robot should robustly track and accurately localize the target for efficient following. In this paper, we propose a 3D tracking method called 3D-SiamRPN Network to track a single target object by using raw 3D point cloud data. The proposed network consists of two subnetworks. The first subnetwork is feature embedding subnetwork which is used for point cloud feature extraction and fusion. In this subnetwork, we first use PointNet++ to extract features of point cloud from template and search branches. Then, to fuse the information of features in the two branches and obtain their similarity, we propose two cross correlation modules, named Pointcloud-wise and Point-wise respectively. The second subnetwork is region proposal network(RPN), which is used to get the final 3D bounding box of the target object based on the fusion feature from cross correlation modules. In this subnetwork, we utilize the regression and classification branches of a region proposal subnetwork to obtain proposals and scores, thus get the final 3D bounding box of the target object. Experimental results on KITTI dataset show that our method has a competitive performance in both Success and Precision compared to the state-of-the-art methods, and could run in real-time at 20.8 FPS. Additionally, experimental results on H3D dataset demonstrate that our method also has good generalization ability and could achieve good tracking performance in a new scene without re-training.      
### 29.DIODE: Dilatable Incremental Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05627.pdf)
>  To accommodate rapid changes in the real world, the cognition system of humans is capable of continually learning concepts. On the contrary, conventional deep learning models lack this capability of preserving previously learned knowledge. When a neural network is fine-tuned to learn new tasks, its performance on previously trained tasks will significantly deteriorate. Many recent works on incremental object detection tackle this problem by introducing advanced regularization. Although these methods have shown promising results, the benefits are often short-lived after the first incremental step. Under multi-step incremental learning, the trade-off between old knowledge preserving and new task learning becomes progressively more severe. Thus, the performance of regularization-based incremental object detectors gradually decays for subsequent learning steps. In this paper, we aim to alleviate this performance decay on multi-step incremental detection tasks by proposing a dilatable incremental object detector (DIODE). For the task-shared parameters, our method adaptively penalizes the changes of important weights for previous tasks. At the same time, the structure of the model is dilated or expanded by a limited number of task-specific parameters to promote new task learning. Extensive experiments on PASCAL VOC and COCO datasets demonstrate substantial improvements over the state-of-the-art methods. Notably, compared with the state-of-the-art methods, our method achieves up to 6.0% performance improvement by increasing the number of parameters by just 1.2% for each newly learned task.      
### 30.Trash to Treasure: Harvesting OOD Data with Cross-Modal Matching for Open-Set Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05617.pdf)
>  Open-set semi-supervised learning (open-set SSL) investigates a challenging but practical scenario where out-of-distribution (OOD) samples are contained in the unlabeled data. While the mainstream technique seeks to completely filter out the OOD samples for semi-supervised learning (SSL), we propose a novel training mechanism that could effectively exploit the presence of OOD data for enhanced feature learning while avoiding its adverse impact on the SSL. We achieve this goal by first introducing a warm-up training that leverages all the unlabeled data, including both the in-distribution (ID) and OOD samples. Specifically, we perform a pretext task that enforces our feature extractor to obtain a high-level semantic understanding of the training images, leading to more discriminative features that can benefit the downstream tasks. Since the OOD samples are inevitably detrimental to SSL, we propose a novel cross-modal matching strategy to detect OOD samples. Instead of directly applying binary classification, we train the network to predict whether the data sample is matched to an assigned one-hot class label. The appeal of the proposed cross-modal matching over binary classification is the ability to generate a compatible feature space that aligns with the core classification task. Extensive experiments show that our approach substantially lifts the performance on open-set SSL and outperforms the state-of-the-art by a large margin.      
### 31.DnD: Dense Depth Estimation in Crowded Dynamic Indoor Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05615.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach for estimating depth from a monocular camera as it moves through complex and crowded indoor environments, e.g., a department store or a metro station. Our approach predicts absolute scale depth maps over the entire scene consisting of a static background and multiple moving people, by training on dynamic scenes. Since it is difficult to collect dense depth maps from crowded indoor environments, we design our training framework without requiring depths produced from depth sensing devices. Our network leverages RGB images and sparse depth maps generated from traditional 3D reconstruction methods to estimate dense depth maps. We use two constraints to handle depth for non-rigidly moving people without tracking their motion explicitly. We demonstrate that our approach offers consistent improvements over recent depth estimation methods on the NAVERLABS dataset, which includes complex and crowded scenes.      
### 32.Cascade Bagging for Accuracy Prediction with Few Training Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05613.pdf)
>  Accuracy predictor is trained to predict the validation accuracy of an network from its architecture encoding. It can effectively assist in designing networks and improving Neural Architecture Search(NAS) efficiency. However, a high-performance predictor depends on adequate trainning samples, which requires unaffordable computation overhead. To alleviate this problem, we propose a novel framework to train an accuracy predictor under few training samples. The framework consists ofdata augmentation methods and an ensemble learning algorithm. The data augmentation methods calibrate weak labels and inject noise to feature space. The ensemble learning algorithm, termed cascade bagging, trains two-level models by sampling data and features. In the end, the advantages of above methods are proved in the Performance Prediciton Track of CVPR2021 1st Lightweight NAS Challenge. Our code is made public at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dlongry/Solutionto-CVPR2021-NAS-Track2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Deep Motion Prior for Weakly-Supervised Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05607.pdf)
>  Weakly-Supervised Temporal Action Localization (WSTAL) aims to localize actions in untrimmed videos with only video-level labels. Currently, most state-of-the-art WSTAL methods follow a Multi-Instance Learning (MIL) pipeline: producing snippet-level predictions first and then aggregating to the video-level prediction. However, we argue that existing methods have overlooked two important drawbacks: 1) inadequate use of motion information and 2) the incompatibility of prevailing cross-entropy training loss. In this paper, we analyze that the motion cues behind the optical flow features are complementary informative. Inspired by this, we propose to build a context-dependent motion prior, termed as motionness. Specifically, a motion graph is introduced to model motionness based on the local motion carrier (e.g., optical flow). In addition, to highlight more informative video snippets, a motion-guided loss is proposed to modulate the network training conditioned on motionness scores. Extensive ablation studies confirm that motionness efficaciously models action-of-interest, and the motion-guided loss leads to more accurate results. Besides, our motion-guided loss is a plug-and-play loss function and is applicable with existing WSTAL methods. Without loss of generality, based on the standard MIL pipeline, our method achieves new state-of-the-art performance on three challenging benchmarks, including THUMOS'14, ActivityNet v1.2 and v1.3.      
### 34.Multi-Modal MRI Reconstruction with Spatial Alignment Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05603.pdf)
>  In clinical practice, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) with multiple contrasts is usually acquired in a single study to assess different properties of the same region of interest in human body. The whole acquisition process can be accelerated by having one or more modalities under-sampled in the k-space. Recent researches demonstrate that, considering the redundancy between different contrasts or modalities, a target MRI modality under-sampled in the k-space can be better reconstructed with the helps from a fully-sampled sequence (i.e., the reference modality). It implies that, in the same study of the same subject, multiple sequences can be utilized together toward the purpose of highly efficient multi-modal reconstruction. However, we find that multi-modal reconstruction can be negatively affected by subtle spatial misalignment between different sequences, which is actually common in clinical practice. In this paper, we integrate the spatial alignment network with reconstruction, to improve the quality of the reconstructed target modality. Specifically, the spatial alignment network estimates the spatial misalignment between the fully-sampled reference and the under-sampled target images, and warps the reference image accordingly. Then, the aligned fully-sampled reference image joins the under-sampled target image in the reconstruction network, to produce the high-quality target image. Considering the contrast difference between the target and the reference, we particularly design the cross-modality-synthesis-based registration loss, in combination with the reconstruction loss, to jointly train the spatial alignment network and the reconstruction network. Our experiments on both clinical MRI and multi-coil k-space raw data demonstrate the superiority and robustness of our spatial alignment network. Code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/woxuankai/SpatialAlignmentNetwork" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.iButter: Neural Interactive Bullet Time Generator for Human Free-viewpoint Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05577.pdf)
>  Generating ``bullet-time'' effects of human free-viewpoint videos is critical for immersive visual effects and VR/AR experience. Recent neural advances still lack the controllable and interactive bullet-time design ability for human free-viewpoint rendering, especially under the real-time, dynamic and general setting for our trajectory-aware task. To fill this gap, in this paper we propose a neural interactive bullet-time generator (iButter) for photo-realistic human free-viewpoint rendering from dense RGB streams, which enables flexible and interactive design for human bullet-time visual effects. Our iButter approach consists of a real-time preview and design stage as well as a trajectory-aware refinement stage. During preview, we propose an interactive bullet-time design approach by extending the NeRF rendering to a real-time and dynamic setting and getting rid of the tedious per-scene training. To this end, our bullet-time design stage utilizes a hybrid training set, light-weight network design and an efficient silhouette-based sampling strategy. During refinement, we introduce an efficient trajectory-aware scheme within 20 minutes, which jointly encodes the spatial, temporal consistency and semantic cues along the designed trajectory, achieving photo-realistic bullet-time viewing experience of human activities. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach for convenient interactive bullet-time design and photo-realistic human free-viewpoint video generation.      
### 36.LabOR: Labeling Only if Required for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05570.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) for semantic segmentation has been actively studied to mitigate the domain gap between label-rich source data and unlabeled target data. Despite these efforts, UDA still has a long way to go to reach the fully supervised performance. To this end, we propose a Labeling Only if Required strategy, LabOR, where we introduce a human-in-the-loop approach to adaptively give scarce labels to points that a UDA model is uncertain about. In order to find the uncertain points, we generate an inconsistency mask using the proposed adaptive pixel selector and we label these segment-based regions to achieve near supervised performance with only a small fraction (about 2.2%) ground truth points, which we call "Segment based Pixel-Labeling (SPL)". To further reduce the efforts of the human annotator, we also propose "Point-based Pixel-Labeling (PPL)", which finds the most representative points for labeling within the generated inconsistency mask. This reduces efforts from 2.2% segment label to 40 points label while minimizing performance degradation. Through extensive experimentation, we show the advantages of this new framework for domain adaptive semantic segmentation while minimizing human labor costs.      
### 37.Vision-Language Transformer and Query Generation for Referring Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05565.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the challenging task of referring segmentation. The query expression in referring segmentation typically indicates the target object by describing its relationship with others. Therefore, to find the target one among all instances in the image, the model must have a holistic understanding of the whole image. To achieve this, we reformulate referring segmentation as a direct attention problem: finding the region in the image where the query language expression is most attended to. We introduce transformer and multi-head attention to build a network with an encoder-decoder attention mechanism architecture that "queries" the given image with the language expression. Furthermore, we propose a Query Generation Module, which produces multiple sets of queries with different attention weights that represent the diversified comprehensions of the language expression from different aspects. At the same time, to find the best way from these diversified comprehensions based on visual clues, we further propose a Query Balance Module to adaptively select the output features of these queries for a better mask generation. Without bells and whistles, our approach is light-weight and achieves new state-of-the-art performance consistently on three referring segmentation datasets, RefCOCO, RefCOCO+, and G-Ref. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/henghuiding/Vision-Language-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Deep Camera Obscura: An Image Restoration Pipeline for Lensless Pinhole Photography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05563.pdf)
>  The lensless pinhole camera is perhaps the earliest and simplest form of an imaging system using only a pinhole-sized aperture in place of a lens. They can capture an infinite depth-of-field and offer greater freedom from optical distortion over their lens-based counterparts. However, the inherent limitations of a pinhole system result in lower sharpness from blur caused by optical diffraction and higher noise levels due to low light throughput of the small aperture, requiring very long exposure times to capture well-exposed images. In this paper, we explore an image restoration pipeline using deep learning and domain-knowledge of the pinhole system to enhance the pinhole image quality through a joint denoise and deblur approach. Our approach allows for more practical exposure times for hand-held photography and provides higher image quality, making it more suitable for daily photography compared to other lensless cameras while keeping size and cost low. This opens up the potential of pinhole cameras to be used in smaller devices, such as smartphones.      
### 39.Deep Amended Gradient Descent for Efficient Spectral Reconstruction from Single RGB Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05547.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the problem of recovering hyperspectral (HS) images from single RGB images. To tackle such a severely ill-posed problem, we propose a physically-interpretable, compact, efficient, and end-to-end learning-based framework, namely AGD-Net. Precisely, by taking advantage of the imaging process, we first formulate the problem explicitly based on the classic gradient descent algorithm. Then, we design a lightweight neural network with a multi-stage architecture to mimic the formed amended gradient descent process, in which efficient convolution and novel spectral zero-mean normalization are proposed to effectively extract spatial-spectral features for regressing an initialization, a basic gradient, and an incremental gradient. Besides, based on the approximate low-rank property of HS images, we propose a novel rank loss to promote the similarity between the global structures of reconstructed and ground-truth HS images, which is optimized with our singular value weighting strategy during training. Moreover, AGD-Net, a single network after one-time training, is flexible to handle the reconstruction with various spectral response functions. Extensive experiments over three commonly-used benchmark datasets demonstrate that AGD-Net can improve the reconstruction quality by more than 1.0 dB on average while saving 67$\times$ parameters and 32$\times$ FLOPs, compared with state-of-the-art methods. The code will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zbzhzhy/GD-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.HandFoldingNet: A 3D Hand Pose Estimation Network Using Multiscale-Feature Guided Folding of a 2D Hand Skeleton  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05545.pdf)
>  With increasing applications of 3D hand pose estimation in various human-computer interaction applications, convolution neural networks (CNNs) based estimation models have been actively explored. However, the existing models require complex architectures or redundant computational resources to trade with the acceptable accuracy. To tackle this limitation, this paper proposes HandFoldingNet, an accurate and efficient hand pose estimator that regresses the hand joint locations from the normalized 3D hand point cloud input. The proposed model utilizes a folding-based decoder that folds a given 2D hand skeleton into the corresponding joint coordinates. For higher estimation accuracy, folding is guided by multi-scale features, which include both global and joint-wise local features. Experimental results show that the proposed model outperforms the existing methods on three hand pose benchmark datasets with the lowest model parameter requirement. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cwc1260/HandFold" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Silhouette based View embeddings for Gait Recognition under Multiple Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05524.pdf)
>  Gait recognition under multiple views is an important computer vision and pattern recognition task. In the emerging convolutional neural network based approaches, the information of view angle is ignored to some extent. Instead of direct view estimation and training view-specific recognition models, we propose a compatible framework that can embed view information into existing architectures of gait recognition. The embedding is simply achieved by a selective projection layer. Experimental results on two large public datasets show that the proposed framework is very effective.      
### 42.Distilling Holistic Knowledge with Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05507.pdf)
>  Knowledge Distillation (KD) aims at transferring knowledge from a larger well-optimized teacher network to a smaller learnable student network.Existing KD methods have mainly considered two types of knowledge, namely the individual knowledge and the relational knowledge. However, these two types of knowledge are usually modeled independently while the inherent correlations between them are largely ignored. It is critical for sufficient student network learning to integrate both individual knowledge and relational knowledge while reserving their inherent correlation. In this paper, we propose to distill the novel holistic knowledge based on an attributed graph constructed among instances. The holistic knowledge is represented as a unified graph-based embedding by aggregating individual knowledge from relational neighborhood samples with graph neural networks, the student network is learned by distilling the holistic knowledge in a contrastive manner. Extensive experiments and ablation studies are conducted on benchmark datasets, the results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. The code has been published in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wyc-ruiker/HKD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 43.Attention-driven Graph Clustering Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05499.pdf)
>  The combination of the traditional convolutional network (i.e., an auto-encoder) and the graph convolutional network has attracted much attention in clustering, in which the auto-encoder extracts the node attribute feature and the graph convolutional network captures the topological graph feature. However, the existing works (i) lack a flexible combination mechanism to adaptively fuse those two kinds of features for learning the discriminative representation and (ii) overlook the multi-scale information embedded at different layers for subsequent cluster assignment, leading to inferior clustering results. To this end, we propose a novel deep clustering method named Attention-driven Graph Clustering Network (AGCN). Specifically, AGCN exploits a heterogeneity-wise fusion module to dynamically fuse the node attribute feature and the topological graph feature. Moreover, AGCN develops a scale-wise fusion module to adaptively aggregate the multi-scale features embedded at different layers. Based on a unified optimization framework, AGCN can jointly perform feature learning and cluster assignment in an unsupervised fashion. Compared with the existing deep clustering methods, our method is more flexible and effective since it comprehensively considers the numerous and discriminative information embedded in the network and directly produces the clustering results. Extensive quantitative and qualitative results on commonly used benchmark datasets validate that our AGCN consistently outperforms state-of-the-art methods.      
### 44.Self-supervised Contrastive Learning for Irrigation Detection in Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05484.pdf)
>  Climate change has caused reductions in river runoffs and aquifer recharge resulting in an increasingly unsustainable crop water demand from reduced freshwater availability. Achieving food security while deploying water in a sustainable manner will continue to be a major challenge necessitating careful monitoring and tracking of agricultural water usage. Historically, monitoring water usage has been a slow and expensive manual process with many imperfections and abuses. Ma-chine learning and remote sensing developments have increased the ability to automatically monitor irrigation patterns, but existing techniques often require curated and labelled irrigation data, which are expensive and time consuming to obtain and may not exist for impactful areas such as developing countries. In this paper, we explore an end-to-end real world application of irrigation detection with uncurated and unlabeled satellite imagery. We apply state-of-the-art self-supervised deep learning techniques to optical remote sensing data, and find that we are able to detect irrigation with up to nine times better precision, 90% better recall and 40% more generalization ability than the traditional supervised learning methods.      
### 45.Automatic Gaze Analysis: A Survey of DeepLearning based Approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05479.pdf)
>  Eye gaze analysis is an important research problem in the field of computer vision and Human-Computer Interaction (HCI). Even with significant progress in the last few years, automatic gaze analysis still remains challenging due to the individuality of eyes, eye-head interplay, occlusion, image quality, and illumination conditions. There are several open questions including what are the important cues to interpret gaze direction in an unconstrained environment without prior knowledge and how to encode them in real-time. We review the progress across a range of gaze analysis tasks and applications to shed light on these fundamental questions; identify effective methods in gaze analysis and provide possible future directions. We analyze recent gaze estimation and segmentation methods, especially in the unsupervised and weakly supervised domain, based on their advantages and reported evaluation metrics. Our analysis shows that the development of a robust and generic gaze analysis method still needs to address real-world challenges such as unconstrained setup and learning with less supervision. We conclude by discussing future research directions for designing a real-world gaze analysis system that can propagate to other domains including computer vision, AR (Augmented Reality), VR (Virtual Reality), and HCI (Human Computer Interaction).      
### 46.Weakly Supervised Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05476.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel approach for few-shot semantic segmentation with sparse labeled images. We investigate the effectiveness of our method, which is based on the Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning (MAML) algorithm, in the medical scenario, where the use of sparse labeling and few-shot can alleviate the cost of producing new annotated datasets. Our method uses sparse labels in the meta-training and dense labels in the meta-test, thus making the model learn to predict dense labels from sparse ones. We conducted experiments with four Chest X-Ray datasets to evaluate two types of annotations (grid and points). The results show that our method is the most suitable when the target domain highly differs from source domains, achieving Jaccard scores comparable to dense labels, using less than 2% of the pixels of an image with labels in few-shot scenarios.      
### 47.SIDER: Single-Image Neural Optimization for Facial Geometric Detail Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05465.pdf)
>  We present SIDER(Single-Image neural optimization for facial geometric DEtail Recovery), a novel photometric optimization method that recovers detailed facial geometry from a single image in an unsupervised manner. Inspired by classical techniques of coarse-to-fine optimization and recent advances in implicit neural representations of 3D shape, SIDER combines a geometry prior based on statistical models and Signed Distance Functions (SDFs) to recover facial details from single images. First, it estimates a coarse geometry using a morphable model represented as an SDF. Next, it reconstructs facial geometry details by optimizing a photometric loss with respect to the ground truth image. In contrast to prior work, SIDER does not rely on any dataset priors and does not require additional supervision from multiple views, lighting changes or ground truth 3D shape. Extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluation demonstrates that our method achieves state-of-the-art on facial geometric detail recovery, using only a single in-the-wild image.      
### 48.Deep PET/CT fusion with Dempster-Shafer theory for lymphoma segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05422.pdf)
>  Lymphoma detection and segmentation from whole-body Positron Emission Tomography/Computed Tomography (PET/CT) volumes are crucial for surgical indication and radiotherapy. Designing automatic segmentation methods capable of effectively exploiting the information from PET and CT as well as resolving their uncertainty remain a challenge. In this paper, we propose an lymphoma segmentation model using an UNet with an evidential PET/CT fusion layer. Single-modality volumes are trained separately to get initial segmentation maps and an evidential fusion layer is proposed to fuse the two pieces of evidence using Dempster-Shafer theory (DST). Moreover, a multi-task loss function is proposed: in addition to the use of the Dice loss for PET and CT segmentation, a loss function based on the concordance between the two segmentation is added to constrain the final segmentation. We evaluate our proposal on a database of polycentric PET/CT volumes of patients treated for lymphoma, delineated by the experts. Our method get accurate segmentation results with Dice score of 0.726, without any user interaction. Quantitative results show that our method is superior to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 49.Voxel-level Importance Maps for Interpretable Brain Age Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05388.pdf)
>  Brain aging, and more specifically the difference between the chronological and the biological age of a person, may be a promising biomarker for identifying neurodegenerative diseases. For this purpose accurate prediction is important but the localisation of the areas that play a significant role in the prediction is also crucial, in order to gain clinicians' trust and reassurance about the performance of a prediction model. Most interpretability methods are focused on classification tasks and cannot be directly transferred to regression tasks. In this study, we focus on the task of brain age regression from 3D brain Magnetic Resonance (MR) images using a Convolutional Neural Network, termed prediction model. We interpret its predictions by extracting importance maps, which discover the parts of the brain that are the most important for brain age. In order to do so, we assume that voxels that are not useful for the regression are resilient to noise addition. We implement a noise model which aims to add as much noise as possible to the input without harming the performance of the prediction model. We average the importance maps of the subjects and end up with a population-based importance map, which displays the regions of the brain that are influential for the task. We test our method on 13,750 3D brain MR images from the UK Biobank, and our findings are consistent with the existing neuropathology literature, highlighting that the hippocampus and the ventricles are the most relevant regions for brain aging.      
### 50.The Pitfalls of Sample Selection: A Case Study on Lung Nodule Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05386.pdf)
>  Using publicly available data to determine the performance of methodological contributions is important as it facilitates reproducibility and allows scrutiny of the published results. In lung nodule classification, for example, many works report results on the publicly available LIDC dataset. In theory, this should allow a direct comparison of the performance of proposed methods and assess the impact of individual contributions. When analyzing seven recent works, however, we find that each employs a different data selection process, leading to largely varying total number of samples and ratios between benign and malignant cases. As each subset will have different characteristics with varying difficulty for classification, a direct comparison between the proposed methods is thus not always possible, nor fair. We study the particular effect of truthing when aggregating labels from multiple experts. We show that specific choices can have severe impact on the data distribution where it may be possible to achieve superior performance on one sample distribution but not on another. While we show that we can further improve on the state-of-the-art on one sample selection, we also find that on a more challenging sample selection, on the same database, the more advanced models underperform with respect to very simple baseline methods, highlighting that the selected data distribution may play an even more important role than the model architecture. This raises concerns about the validity of claimed methodological contributions. We believe the community should be aware of these pitfalls and make recommendations on how these can be avoided in future work.      
### 51.DexMV: Imitation Learning for Dexterous Manipulation from Human Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05877.pdf)
>  While we have made significant progress on understanding hand-object interactions in computer vision, it is still very challenging for robots to perform complex dexterous manipulation. In this paper, we propose a new platform and pipeline, DexMV (Dex Manipulation from Videos), for imitation learning to bridge the gap between computer vision and robot learning. We design a platform with: (i) a simulation system for complex dexterous manipulation tasks with a multi-finger robot hand and (ii) a computer vision system to record large-scale demonstrations of a human hand conducting the same tasks. In our new pipeline, we extract 3D hand and object poses from the videos, and convert them to robot demonstrations via motion retargeting. We then apply and compare multiple imitation learning algorithms with the demonstrations. We show that the demonstrations can indeed improve robot learning by a large margin and solve the complex tasks which reinforcement learning alone cannot solve. Project page with video: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://yzqin.github.io/dexmv/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 52.Distributional Depth-Based Estimation of Object Articulation Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05875.pdf)
>  We propose a method that efficiently learns distributions over articulation model parameters directly from depth images without the need to know articulation model categories a priori. By contrast, existing methods that learn articulation models from raw observations typically only predict point estimates of the model parameters, which are insufficient to guarantee the safe manipulation of articulated objects. Our core contributions include a novel representation for distributions over rigid body transformations and articulation model parameters based on screw theory, von Mises-Fisher distributions, and Stiefel manifolds. Combining these concepts allows for an efficient, mathematically sound representation that implicitly satisfies the constraints that rigid body transformations and articulations must adhere to. Leveraging this representation, we introduce a novel deep learning based approach, DUST-net, that performs category-independent articulation model estimation while also providing model uncertainties. We evaluate our approach on several benchmarking datasets and real-world objects and compare its performance with two current state-of-the-art methods. Our results demonstrate that DUST-net can successfully learn distributions over articulation models for novel objects across articulation model categories, which generate point estimates with better accuracy than state-of-the-art methods and effectively capture the uncertainty over predicted model parameters due to noisy inputs.      
### 53.Logit Attenuating Weight Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05839.pdf)
>  Over-parameterized deep networks trained using gradient-based optimizers are a popular choice for solving classification and ranking problems. Without appropriately tuned $\ell_2$ regularization or weight decay, such networks have the tendency to make output scores (logits) and network weights large, causing training loss to become too small and the network to lose its adaptivity (ability to move around) in the parameter space. Although regularization is typically understood from an overfitting perspective, we highlight its role in making the network more adaptive and enabling it to escape more easily from weights that generalize poorly. To provide such a capability, we propose a method called Logit Attenuating Weight Normalization (LAWN), that can be stacked onto any gradient-based optimizer. LAWN controls the logits by constraining the weight norms of layers in the final homogeneous sub-network. Empirically, we show that the resulting LAWN variant of the optimizer makes a deep network more adaptive to finding minimas with superior generalization performance on large-scale image classification and recommender systems. While LAWN is particularly impressive in improving Adam, it greatly improves all optimizers when used with large batch sizes      
### 54.COVINS: Visual-Inertial SLAM for Centralized Collaboration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05756.pdf)
>  Collaborative SLAM enables a group of agents to simultaneously co-localize and jointly map an environment, thus paving the way to wide-ranging applications of multi-robot perception and multi-user AR experiences by eliminating the need for external infrastructure or pre-built maps. This article presents COVINS, a novel collaborative SLAM system, that enables multi-agent, scalable SLAM in large environments and for large teams of more than 10 agents. The paradigm here is that each agent runs visual-inertial odomety independently onboard in order to ensure its autonomy, while sharing map information with the COVINS server back-end running on a powerful local PC or a remote cloud server. The server back-end establishes an accurate collaborative global estimate from the contributed data, refining the joint estimate by means of place recognition, global optimization and removal of redundant data, in order to ensure an accurate, but also efficient SLAM process. A thorough evaluation of COVINS reveals increased accuracy of the collaborative SLAM estimates, as well as efficiency in both removing redundant information and reducing the coordination overhead, and demonstrates successful operation in a large-scale mission with 12 agents jointly performing SLAM.      
### 55.Deep Microlocal Reconstruction for Limited-Angle Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05732.pdf)
>  We present a deep learning-based algorithm to jointly solve a reconstruction problem and a wavefront set extraction problem in tomographic imaging. The algorithm is based on a recently developed digital wavefront set extractor as well as the well-known microlocal canonical relation for the Radon transform. We use the wavefront set information about x-ray data to improve the reconstruction by requiring that the underlying neural networks simultaneously extract the correct ground truth wavefront set and ground truth image. As a necessary theoretical step, we identify the digital microlocal canonical relations for deep convolutional residual neural networks. We find strong numerical evidence for the effectiveness of this approach.      
### 56.Towards real-world navigation with deep differentiable planners  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05713.pdf)
>  We train embodied neural networks to plan and navigate unseen complex 3D environments, emphasising real-world deployment. Rather than requiring prior knowledge of the agent or environment, the planner learns to model the state transitions and rewards. To avoid the potentially hazardous trial-and-error of reinforcement learning, we focus on differentiable planners such as Value Iteration Networks (VIN), which are trained offline from safe expert demonstrations. Although they work well in small simulations, we address two major limitations that hinder their deployment. First, we observed that current differentiable planners struggle to plan long-term in environments with a high branching complexity. While they should ideally learn to assign low rewards to obstacles to avoid collisions, we posit that the constraints imposed on the network are not strong enough to guarantee the network to learn sufficiently large penalties for every possible collision. We thus impose a structural constraint on the value iteration, which explicitly learns to model any impossible actions. Secondly, we extend the model to work with a limited perspective camera under translation and rotation, which is crucial for real robot deployment. Many VIN-like planners assume a 360 degrees or overhead view without rotation. In contrast, our method uses a memory-efficient lattice map to aggregate CNN embeddings of partial observations, and models the rotational dynamics explicitly using a 3D state-space grid (translation and rotation). Our proposals significantly improve semantic navigation and exploration on several 2D and 3D environments, succeeding in settings that are otherwise challenging for this class of methods. As far as we know, we are the first to successfully perform differentiable planning on the difficult Active Vision Dataset, consisting of real images captured from a robot.      
### 57.An Approach to Partial Observability in Games: Learning to Both Act and Observe  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05701.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning (RL) is successful at learning to play games where the entire environment is visible. However, RL approaches are challenged in complex games like Starcraft II and in real-world environments where the entire environment is not visible. In these more complex games with more limited visual information, agents must choose where to look and how to optimally use their limited visual information in order to succeed at the game. We verify that with a relatively simple model the agent can learn where to look in scenarios with a limited visual bandwidth. We develop a method for masking part of the environment in Atari games to force the RL agent to learn both where to look and how to play the game in order to study where the RL agent learns to look. In addition, we develop a neural network architecture and method for allowing the agent to choose where to look and what action to take in the Pong game. Further, we analyze the strategies the agent learns to better understand how the RL agent learns to play the game.      
### 58.Preventing Catastrophic Forgetting and Distribution Mismatch in Knowledge Distillation via Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05698.pdf)
>  With the increasing popularity of deep learning on edge devices, compressing large neural networks to meet the hardware requirements of resource-constrained devices became a significant research direction. Numerous compression methodologies are currently being used to reduce the memory sizes and energy consumption of neural networks. Knowledge distillation (KD) is among such methodologies and it functions by using data samples to transfer the knowledge captured by a large model (teacher) to a smaller one(student). However, due to various reasons, the original training data might not be accessible at the compression stage. Therefore, data-free model compression is an ongoing research problem that has been addressed by various works. In this paper, we point out that catastrophic forgetting is a problem that can potentially be observed in existing data-free distillation methods. Moreover, the sample generation strategies in some of these methods could result in a mismatch between the synthetic and real data distributions. To prevent such problems, we propose a data-free KD framework that maintains a dynamic collection of generated samples over time. Additionally, we add the constraint of matching the real data distribution in sample generation strategies that target maximum information gain. Our experiments demonstrate that we can improve the accuracy of the student models obtained via KD when compared with state-of-the-art approaches on the SVHN, Fashion MNIST and CIFAR100 datasets.      
### 59.DARTS for Inverse Problems: a Study on Hyperparameter Sensitivity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05647.pdf)
>  Differentiable architecture search (DARTS) is a widely researched tool for neural architecture search, due to its promising results for image classification. The main benefit of DARTS is the effectiveness achieved through the weight-sharing one-shot paradigm, which allows efficient architecture search. In this work, we investigate DARTS in a systematic case study of inverse problems, which allows us to analyze these potential benefits in a controlled manner. Although we demonstrate that the success of DARTS can be extended from image classification to reconstruction, our experiments yield three fundamental difficulties in the evaluation of DARTS-based methods: First, the results show a large variance in all test cases. Second, the final performance is highly dependent on the hyperparameters of the optimizer. And third, the performance of the weight-sharing architecture used during training does not reflect the final performance of the found architecture well. Thus, we conclude the necessity to 1) report the results of any DARTS-based methods from several runs along with its underlying performance statistics, 2) show the correlation of the training and final architecture performance, and 3) carefully consider if the computational efficiency of DARTS outweighs the costs of hyperparameter optimization and multiple runs.      
### 60.perf4sight: A toolflow to model CNN training performance on Edge GPUs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05580.pdf)
>  The increased memory and processing capabilities of today's edge devices create opportunities for greater edge intelligence. In the domain of vision, the ability to adapt a Convolutional Neural Network's (CNN) structure and parameters to the input data distribution leads to systems with lower memory footprint, latency and power consumption. However, due to the limited compute resources and memory budget on edge devices, it is necessary for the system to be able to predict the latency and memory footprint of the training process in order to identify favourable training configurations of the network topology and device combination for efficient network adaptation. This work proposes perf4sight, an automated methodology for developing accurate models that predict CNN training memory footprint and latency given a target device and network. This enables rapid identification of network topologies that can be retrained on the edge device with low resource consumption. With PyTorch as the framework and NVIDIA Jetson TX2 as the target device, the developed models predict training memory footprint and latency with 95% and 91% accuracy respectively for a wide range of networks, opening the path towards efficient network adaptation on edge GPUs.      
### 61.Patchwork: Concentric Zone-based Region-wise Ground Segmentation with Ground Likelihood Estimation Using a 3D LiDAR Sensor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05560.pdf)
>  Ground segmentation is crucial for terrestrial mobile platforms to perform navigation or neighboring object recognition. Unfortunately, the ground is not flat, as it features steep slopes; bumpy roads; or objects, such as curbs, flower beds, and so forth. To tackle the problem, this paper presents a novel ground segmentation method called \textit{Patchwork}, which is robust for addressing the under-segmentation problem and operates at more than 40 Hz. In this paper, a point cloud is encoded into a Concentric Zone Model-based representation to assign an appropriate density of cloud points among bins in a way that is not computationally complex. This is followed by Region-wise Ground Plane Fitting, which is performed to estimate the partial ground for each bin. Finally, Ground Likelihood Estimation is introduced to dramatically reduce false positives. As experimentally verified on SemanticKITTI and rough terrain datasets, our proposed method yields promising performance compared with the state-of-the-art methods, showing faster speed compared with existing plane fitting--based methods. Code is available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LimHyungTae/patchwork" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 62.Robotic Testbed for Rendezvous and Optical Navigation: Multi-Source Calibration and Machine Learning Use Cases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05529.pdf)
>  This work presents the most recent advances of the Robotic Testbed for Rendezvous and Optical Navigation (TRON) at Stanford University - the first robotic testbed capable of validating machine learning algorithms for spaceborne optical navigation. The TRON facility consists of two 6 degrees-of-freedom KUKA robot arms and a set of Vicon motion track cameras to reconfigure an arbitrary relative pose between a camera and a target mockup model. The facility includes multiple Earth albedo light boxes and a sun lamp to recreate the high-fidelity spaceborne illumination conditions. After the overview of the facility, this work details the multi-source calibration procedure which enables the estimation of the relative pose between the object and the camera with millimeter-level position and millidegree-level orientation accuracies. Finally, a comparative analysis of the synthetic and TRON simulated imageries is performed using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) pre-trained on the synthetic images. The result shows a considerable gap in the CNN's performance, suggesting the TRON simulated images can be used to validate the robustness of any machine learning algorithms trained on more easily accessible synthetic imagery from computer graphics.      
### 63.Learning Bias-Invariant Representation by Cross-Sample Mutual Information Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05449.pdf)
>  Deep learning algorithms mine knowledge from the training data and thus would likely inherit the dataset's bias information. As a result, the obtained model would generalize poorly and even mislead the decision process in real-life applications. We propose to remove the bias information misused by the target task with a cross-sample adversarial debiasing (CSAD) method. CSAD explicitly extracts target and bias features disentangled from the latent representation generated by a feature extractor and then learns to discover and remove the correlation between the target and bias features. The correlation measurement plays a critical role in adversarial debiasing and is conducted by a cross-sample neural mutual information estimator. Moreover, we propose joint content and local structural representation learning to boost mutual information estimation for better performance. We conduct thorough experiments on publicly available datasets to validate the advantages of the proposed method over state-of-the-art approaches.      
