# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 18 Aug 2021
### 1.Group-aware Contrastive Regression for Action Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07797.pdf)
>  Assessing action quality is challenging due to the subtle differences between videos and large variations in scores. Most existing approaches tackle this problem by regressing a quality score from a single video, suffering a lot from the large inter-video score variations. In this paper, we show that the relations among videos can provide important clues for more accurate action quality assessment during both training and inference. Specifically, we reformulate the problem of action quality assessment as regressing the relative scores with reference to another video that has shared attributes (e.g., category and difficulty), instead of learning unreferenced scores. Following this formulation, we propose a new Contrastive Regression (CoRe) framework to learn the relative scores by pair-wise comparison, which highlights the differences between videos and guides the models to learn the key hints for assessment. In order to further exploit the relative information between two videos, we devise a group-aware regression tree to convert the conventional score regression into two easier sub-problems: coarse-to-fine classification and regression in small intervals. To demonstrate the effectiveness of CoRe, we conduct extensive experiments on three mainstream AQA datasets including AQA-7, MTL-AQA and JIGSAWS. Our approach outperforms previous methods by a large margin and establishes new state-of-the-art on all three benchmarks.      
### 2.RandomRooms: Unsupervised Pre-training from Synthetic Shapes and Randomized Layouts for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07794.pdf)
>  3D point cloud understanding has made great progress in recent years. However, one major bottleneck is the scarcity of annotated real datasets, especially compared to 2D object detection tasks, since a large amount of labor is involved in annotating the real scans of a scene. A promising solution to this problem is to make better use of the synthetic dataset, which consists of CAD object models, to boost the learning on real datasets. This can be achieved by the pre-training and fine-tuning procedure. However, recent work on 3D pre-training exhibits failure when transfer features learned on synthetic objects to other real-world applications. In this work, we put forward a new method called RandomRooms to accomplish this objective. In particular, we propose to generate random layouts of a scene by making use of the objects in the synthetic CAD dataset and learn the 3D scene representation by applying object-level contrastive learning on two random scenes generated from the same set of synthetic objects. The model pre-trained in this way can serve as a better initialization when later fine-tuning on the 3D object detection task. Empirically, we show consistent improvement in downstream 3D detection tasks on several base models, especially when less training data are used, which strongly demonstrates the effectiveness and generalization of our method. Benefiting from the rich semantic knowledge and diverse objects from synthetic data, our method establishes the new state-of-the-art on widely-used 3D detection benchmarks ScanNetV2 and SUN RGB-D. We expect our attempt to provide a new perspective for bridging object and scene-level 3D understanding.      
### 3.Federated Multi-Target Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07792.pdf)
>  Federated learning methods enable us to train machine learning models on distributed user data while preserving its privacy. However, it is not always feasible to obtain high-quality supervisory signals from users, especially for vision tasks. Unlike typical federated settings with labeled client data, we consider a more practical scenario where the distributed client data is unlabeled, and a centralized labeled dataset is available on the server. We further take the server-client and inter-client domain shifts into account and pose a domain adaptation problem with one source (centralized server data) and multiple targets (distributed client data). Within this new Federated Multi-Target Domain Adaptation (FMTDA) task, we analyze the model performance of exiting domain adaptation methods and propose an effective DualAdapt method to address the new challenges. Extensive experimental results on image classification and semantic segmentation tasks demonstrate that our method achieves high accuracy, incurs minimal communication cost, and requires low computational resources on client devices.      
### 4.End-to-End Dense Video Captioning with Parallel Decoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07781.pdf)
>  Dense video captioning aims to generate multiple associated captions with their temporal locations from the video. Previous methods follow a sophisticated "localize-then-describe" scheme, which heavily relies on numerous hand-crafted components. In this paper, we proposed a simple yet effective framework for end-to-end dense video captioning with parallel decoding (PDVC), by formulating the dense caption generation as a set prediction task. In practice, through stacking a newly proposed event counter on the top of a transformer decoder, the PDVC precisely segments the video into a number of event pieces under the holistic understanding of the video content, which effectively increases the coherence and readability of predicted captions. Compared with prior arts, the PDVC has several appealing advantages: (1) Without relying on heuristic non-maximum suppression or a recurrent event sequence selection network to remove redundancy, PDVC directly produces an event set with an appropriate size; (2) In contrast to adopting the two-stage scheme, we feed the enhanced representations of event queries into the localization head and caption head in parallel, making these two sub-tasks deeply interrelated and mutually promoted through the optimization; (3) Without bells and whistles, extensive experiments on ActivityNet Captions and YouCook2 show that PDVC is capable of producing high-quality captioning results, surpassing the state-of-the-art two-stage methods when its localization accuracy is on par with them. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ttengwang/PDVC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Appearance Based Deep Domain Adaptation for the Classification of Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07779.pdf)
>  This paper addresses domain adaptation for the pixel-wise classification of remotely sensed data using deep neural networks (DNN) as a strategy to reduce the requirements of DNN with respect to the availability of training data. We focus on the setting in which labelled data are only available in a source domain DS, but not in a target domain DT. Our method is based on adversarial training of an appearance adaptation network (AAN) that transforms images from DS such that they look like images from DT. Together with the original label maps from DS, the transformed images are used to adapt a DNN to DT. We propose a joint training strategy of the AAN and the classifier, which constrains the AAN to transform the images such that they are correctly classified. In this way, objects of a certain class are changed such that they resemble objects of the same class in DT. To further improve the adaptation performance, we propose a new regularization loss for the discriminator network used in domain adversarial training. We also address the problem of finding the optimal values of the trained network parameters, proposing an unsupervised entropy based parameter selection criterion which compensates for the fact that there is no validation set in DT that could be monitored. As a minor contribution, we present a new weighting strategy for the cross-entropy loss, addressing the problem of imbalanced class distributions. Our method is evaluated in 42 adaptation scenarios using datasets from 7 cities, all consisting of high-resolution digital orthophotos and height data. It achieves a positive transfer in all cases, and on average it improves the performance in the target domain by 4.3% in overall accuracy. In adaptation scenarios between datasets from the ISPRS semantic labelling benchmark our method outperforms those from recent publications by 10-20% with respect to the mean intersection over union.      
### 6.Self-Supervised 3D Human Pose Estimation with Multiple-View Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07777.pdf)
>  We present a self-supervised learning algorithm for 3D human pose estimation of a single person based on a multiple-view camera system and 2D body pose estimates for each view. To train our model, represented by a deep neural network, we propose a four-loss function learning algorithm, which does not require any 2D or 3D body pose ground-truth. The proposed loss functions make use of the multiple-view geometry to reconstruct 3D body pose estimates and impose body pose constraints across the camera views. Our approach utilizes all available camera views during training, while the inference is single-view. In our evaluations, we show promising performance on Human3.6M and HumanEva benchmarks, while we also present a generalization study on MPI-INF-3DHP dataset, as well as several ablation results. Overall, we outperform all self-supervised learning methods and reach comparable results to supervised and weakly-supervised learning approaches. Our code and models are publicly available      
### 7.VisBuddy -- A Smart Wearable Assistant for the Visually Challenged  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07761.pdf)
>  Vision plays a crucial role to comprehend the world around us as more than 85% of the external information is obtained through the vision system. It largely influences our mobility, cognition, information access, and interaction with the environment as well as with other people. Blindness prevents a person from gaining knowledge of the surrounding environment and makes unassisted navigation, object recognition, obstacle avoidance, and reading tasks major challenges. Many existing systems are often limited by cost and complexity. To help the visually challenged overcome these difficulties faced in everyday life, we propose the idea of VisBuddy, a smart assistant which will help the visually challenged with their day-to-day activities. VisBuddy is a voice-based assistant, where the user can give voice commands to perform specific tasks. VisBuddy uses the techniques of image captioning for describing the user's surroundings, optical character recognition (OCR) for reading the text in the user's view, object detection to search and find the objects in a room and web scraping to give the user the latest news. VisBuddy has been built by combining the concepts from Deep Learning and the Internet of Things. Thus, VisBuddy serves as a cost-efficient, powerful and all-in-one assistant for the visually challenged by helping them with their day-to-day activities.      
### 8.TOOD: Task-aligned One-stage Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07755.pdf)
>  One-stage object detection is commonly implemented by optimizing two sub-tasks: object classification and localization, using heads with two parallel branches, which might lead to a certain level of spatial misalignment in predictions between the two tasks. In this work, we propose a Task-aligned One-stage Object Detection (TOOD) that explicitly aligns the two tasks in a learning-based manner. First, we design a novel Task-aligned Head (T-Head) which offers a better balance between learning task-interactive and task-specific features, as well as a greater flexibility to learn the alignment via a task-aligned predictor. Second, we propose Task Alignment Learning (TAL) to explicitly pull closer (or even unify) the optimal anchors for the two tasks during training via a designed sample assignment scheme and a task-aligned loss. Extensive experiments are conducted on MS-COCO, where TOOD achieves a 51.1 AP at single-model single-scale testing. This surpasses the recent one-stage detectors by a large margin, such as ATSS (47.7 AP), GFL (48.2 AP), and PAA (49.0 AP), with fewer parameters and FLOPs. Qualitative results also demonstrate the effectiveness of TOOD for better aligning the tasks of object classification and localization. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fcjian/TOOD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.A Hybrid Sparse-Dense Monocular SLAM System for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07736.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a system for incrementally reconstructing a dense 3D model of the geometry of an outdoor environment using a single monocular camera attached to a moving vehicle. Dense models provide a rich representation of the environment facilitating higher-level scene understanding, perception, and planning. Our system employs dense depth prediction with a hybrid mapping architecture combining state-of-the-art sparse features and dense fusion-based visual SLAM algorithms within an integrated framework. Our novel contributions include design of hybrid sparse-dense camera tracking and loop closure, and scale estimation improvements in dense depth prediction. We use the motion estimates from the sparse method to overcome the large and variable inter-frame displacement typical of outdoor vehicle scenarios. Our system then registers the live image with the dense model using whole-image alignment. This enables the fusion of the live frame and dense depth prediction into the model. Global consistency and alignment between the sparse and dense models are achieved by applying pose constraints from the sparse method directly within the deformation of the dense model. We provide qualitative and quantitative results for both trajectory estimation and surface reconstruction accuracy, demonstrating competitive performance on the KITTI dataset. Qualitative results of the proposed approach are illustrated in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/Pn2uaVqjskY" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. Source code for the project is publicly available at the following repository <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/robotvisionmu/DenseMonoSLAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Visual Enhanced 3D Point Cloud Reconstruction from A Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07685.pdf)
>  Solving the challenging problem of 3D object reconstruction from a single image appropriately gives existing technologies the ability to perform with a single monocular camera rather than requiring depth sensors. In recent years, thanks to the development of deep learning, 3D reconstruction of a single image has demonstrated impressive progress. Existing researches use Chamfer distance as a loss function to guide the training of the neural network. However, the Chamfer loss will give equal weights to all points inside the 3D point clouds. It tends to sacrifice fine-grained and thin structures to avoid incurring a high loss, which will lead to visually unsatisfactory results. This paper proposes a framework that can recover a detailed three-dimensional point cloud from a single image by focusing more on boundaries (edge and corner points). Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms existing techniques significantly, both qualitatively and quantitatively, and has fewer training parameters.      
### 11.Fully Convolutional Networks for Panoptic Segmentation with Point-based Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07682.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a conceptually simple, strong, and efficient framework for fully- and weakly-supervised panoptic segmentation, called Panoptic FCN. Our approach aims to represent and predict foreground things and background stuff in a unified fully convolutional pipeline, which can be optimized with point-based fully or weak supervision. In particular, Panoptic FCN encodes each object instance or stuff category with the proposed kernel generator and produces the prediction by convolving the high-resolution feature directly. With this approach, instance-aware and semantically consistent properties for things and stuff can be respectively satisfied in a simple generate-kernel-then-segment workflow. Without extra boxes for localization or instance separation, the proposed approach outperforms the previous box-based and -free models with high efficiency. Furthermore, we propose a new form of point-based annotation for weakly-supervised panoptic segmentation. It only needs several random points for both things and stuff, which dramatically reduces the annotation cost of human. The proposed Panoptic FCN is also proved to have much superior performance in this weakly-supervised setting, which achieves 82% of the fully-supervised performance with only 20 randomly annotated points per instance. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of Panoptic FCN on COCO, VOC 2012, Cityscapes, and Mapillary Vistas datasets. And it sets up a new leading benchmark for both fully- and weakly-supervised panoptic segmentation. Our code and models are made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dvlab-research/PanopticFCN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 12.Orthogonal Jacobian Regularization for Unsupervised Disentanglement in Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07668.pdf)
>  Unsupervised disentanglement learning is a crucial issue for understanding and exploiting deep generative models. Recently, SeFa tries to find latent disentangled directions by performing SVD on the first projection of a pre-trained GAN. However, it is only applied to the first layer and works in a post-processing way. Hessian Penalty minimizes the off-diagonal entries of the output's Hessian matrix to facilitate disentanglement, and can be applied to multi-layers.However, it constrains each entry of output independently, making it not sufficient in disentangling the latent directions (e.g., shape, size, rotation, etc.) of spatially correlated variations. In this paper, we propose a simple Orthogonal Jacobian Regularization (OroJaR) to encourage deep generative model to learn disentangled representations. It simply encourages the variation of output caused by perturbations on different latent dimensions to be orthogonal, and the Jacobian with respect to the input is calculated to represent this variation. We show that our OroJaR also encourages the output's Hessian matrix to be diagonal in an indirect manner. In contrast to the Hessian Penalty, our OroJaR constrains the output in a holistic way, making it very effective in disentangling latent dimensions corresponding to spatially correlated variations. Quantitative and qualitative experimental results show that our method is effective in disentangled and controllable image generation, and performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/csyxwei/OroJaR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 13.MVCNet: Multiview Contrastive Network for Unsupervised Representation Learning for 3D CT Lesions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07662.pdf)
>  With the renaissance of deep learning, automatic diagnostic systems for computed tomography (CT) have achieved many successful applications. However, they are mostly attributed to careful expert annotations, which are often scarce in practice. This drives our interest to the unsupervised representation learning. Recent studies have shown that self-supervised learning is an effective approach for learning representations, but most of them rely on the empirical design of transformations and pretext tasks. To avoid the subjectivity associated with these methods, we propose the MVCNet, a novel unsupervised three dimensional (3D) representation learning method working in a transformation-free manner. We view each 3D lesion from different orientations to collect multiple two dimensional (2D) views. Then, an embedding function is learned by minimizing a contrastive loss so that the 2D views of the same 3D lesion are aggregated, and the 2D views of different lesions are separated. We evaluate the representations by training a simple classification head upon the embedding layer. Experimental results show that MVCNet achieves state-of-the-art accuracies on the LIDC-IDRI (89.55%), LNDb (77.69%) and TianChi (79.96%) datasets for unsupervised representation learning. When fine-tuned on 10% of the labeled data, the accuracies are comparable to the supervised learning model (89.46% vs. 85.03%, 73.85% vs. 73.44%, 83.56% vs. 83.34% on the three datasets, respectively), indicating the superiority of MVCNet in learning representations with limited annotations. Code is released at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/penghuazhai/MVCNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.An Evaluation of RGB and LiDAR Fusion for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07661.pdf)
>  LiDARs and cameras are the two main sensors that are planned to be included in many announced autonomous vehicles prototypes. Each of the two provides a unique form of data from a different perspective to the surrounding environment. In this paper, we explore and attempt to answer the question: is there an added benefit by fusing those two forms of data for the purpose of semantic segmentation within the context of autonomous driving? We also attempt to show at which level does said fusion prove to be the most useful. We evaluated our algorithms on the publicly available SemanticKITTI dataset. All fusion models show improvements over the base model, with the mid-level fusion showing the highest improvement of 2.7% in terms of mean Intersection over Union (mIoU) metric.      
### 15.Look Who's Talking: Active Speaker Detection in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07640.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a novel audio-visual dataset for active speaker detection in the wild. A speaker is considered active when his or her face is visible and the voice is audible simultaneously. Although active speaker detection is a crucial pre-processing step for many audio-visual tasks, there is no existing dataset of natural human speech to evaluate the performance of active speaker detection. We therefore curate the Active Speakers in the Wild (ASW) dataset which contains videos and co-occurring speech segments with dense speech activity labels. Videos and timestamps of audible segments are parsed and adopted from VoxConverse, an existing speaker diarisation dataset that consists of videos in the wild. Face tracks are extracted from the videos and active segments are annotated based on the timestamps of VoxConverse in a semi-automatic way. Two reference systems, a self-supervised system and a fully supervised one, are evaluated on the dataset to provide the baseline performances of ASW. Cross-domain evaluation is conducted in order to show the negative effect of dubbed videos in the training data.      
### 16.Self-supervised Monocular Depth Estimation for All Day Images using Domain Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07628.pdf)
>  Remarkable results have been achieved by DCNN based self-supervised depth estimation approaches. However, most of these approaches can only handle either day-time or night-time images, while their performance degrades for all-day images due to large domain shift and the variation of illumination between day and night images. To relieve these limitations, we propose a domain-separated network for self-supervised depth estimation of all-day images. Specifically, to relieve the negative influence of disturbing terms (illumination, etc.), we partition the information of day and night image pairs into two complementary sub-spaces: private and invariant domains, where the former contains the unique information (illumination, etc.) of day and night images and the latter contains essential shared information (texture, etc.). Meanwhile, to guarantee that the day and night images contain the same information, the domain-separated network takes the day-time images and corresponding night-time images (generated by GAN) as input, and the private and invariant feature extractors are learned by orthogonality and similarity loss, where the domain gap can be alleviated, thus better depth maps can be expected. Meanwhile, the reconstruction and photometric losses are utilized to estimate complementary information and depth maps effectively. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach achieves state-of-the-art depth estimation results for all-day images on the challenging Oxford RobotCar dataset, proving the superiority of our proposed approach.      
### 17.Indoor Semantic Scene Understanding using Multi-modality Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07616.pdf)
>  Seamless Human-Robot Interaction is the ultimate goal of developing service robotic systems. For this, the robotic agents have to understand their surroundings to better complete a given task. Semantic scene understanding allows a robotic agent to extract semantic knowledge about the objects in the environment. In this work, we present a semantic scene understanding pipeline that fuses 2D and 3D detection branches to generate a semantic map of the environment. The 2D mask proposals from state-of-the-art 2D detectors are inverse-projected to the 3D space and combined with 3D detections from point segmentation networks. Unlike previous works that were evaluated on collected datasets, we test our pipeline on an active photo-realistic robotic environment - BenchBot. Our novelty includes rectification of 3D proposals using projected 2D detections and modality fusion based on object size. This work is done as part of the Robotic Vision Scene Understanding Challenge (RVSU). The performance evaluation demonstrates that our pipeline has improved on baseline methods without significant computational bottleneck.      
### 18.DRÆM -- A discriminatively trained reconstruction embedding for surface anomaly detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07610.pdf)
>  Visual surface anomaly detection aims to detect local image regions that significantly deviate from normal appearance. Recent surface anomaly detection methods rely on generative models to accurately reconstruct the normal areas and to fail on anomalies. These methods are trained only on anomaly-free images, and often require hand-crafted post-processing steps to localize the anomalies, which prohibits optimizing the feature extraction for maximal detection capability. In addition to reconstructive approach, we cast surface anomaly detection primarily as a discriminative problem and propose a discriminatively trained reconstruction anomaly embedding model (DRAEM). The proposed method learns a joint representation of an anomalous image and its anomaly-free reconstruction, while simultaneously learning a decision boundary between normal and anomalous examples. The method enables direct anomaly localization without the need for additional complicated post-processing of the network output and can be trained using simple and general anomaly simulations. On the challenging MVTec anomaly detection dataset, DRAEM outperforms the current state-of-the-art unsupervised methods by a large margin and even delivers detection performance close to the fully-supervised methods on the widely used DAGM surface-defect detection dataset, while substantially outperforming them in localization accuracy.      
### 19.Light Field Image Super-Resolution with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07597.pdf)
>  Light field (LF) image super-resolution (SR) aims at reconstructing high-resolution LF images from their low-resolution counterparts. Although CNN-based methods have achieved remarkable performance in LF image SR, these methods cannot fully model the non-local properties of the 4D LF data. In this paper, we propose a simple but effective Transformer-based method for LF image SR. In our method, an angular Transformer is designed to incorporate complementary information among different views, and a spatial Transformer is developed to capture both local and long-range dependencies within each sub-aperture image. With the proposed angular and spatial Transformers, the beneficial information in an LF can be fully exploited and the SR performance is boosted. We validate the effectiveness of our angular and spatial Transformers through extensive ablation studies, and compare our method to recent state-of-the-art methods on five public LF datasets. Our method achieves superior SR performance with a small model size and low computational cost.      
### 20.Self-Supervised Pretraining and Controlled Augmentation Improve Rare Wildlife Recognition in UAV Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07582.pdf)
>  Automated animal censuses with aerial imagery are a vital ingredient towards wildlife conservation. Recent models are generally based on deep learning and thus require vast amounts of training data. Due to their scarcity and minuscule size, annotating animals in aerial imagery is a highly tedious process. In this project, we present a methodology to reduce the amount of required training data by resorting to self-supervised pretraining. In detail, we examine a combination of recent contrastive learning methodologies like Momentum Contrast (MoCo) and Cross-Level Instance-Group Discrimination (CLD) to condition our model on the aerial images without the requirement for labels. We show that a combination of MoCo, CLD, and geometric augmentations outperforms conventional models pre-trained on ImageNet by a large margin. Crucially, our method still yields favorable results even if we reduce the number of training animals to just 10%, at which point our best model scores double the recall of the baseline at similar precision. This effectively allows reducing the number of required annotations to a fraction while still being able to train high-accuracy models in such highly challenging settings.      
### 21.Investigating transformers in the decomposition of polygonal shapes as point collections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07533.pdf)
>  Transformers can generate predictions in two approaches: 1. auto-regressively by conditioning each sequence element on the previous ones, or 2. directly produce an output sequences in parallel. While research has mostly explored upon this difference on sequential tasks in NLP, we study the difference between auto-regressive and parallel prediction on visual set prediction tasks, and in particular on polygonal shapes in images because polygons are representative of numerous types of objects, such as buildings or obstacles for aerial vehicles. This is challenging for deep learning architectures as a polygon can consist of a varying carnality of points. We provide evidence on the importance of natural orders for Transformers, and show the benefit of decomposing complex polygons into collections of points in an auto-regressive manner.      
### 22.Neural Photofit: Gaze-based Mental Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07524.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method that leverages human fixations to visually decode the image a person has in mind into a photofit (facial composite). Our method combines three neural networks: An encoder, a scoring network, and a decoder. The encoder extracts image features and predicts a neural activation map for each face looked at by a human observer. A neural scoring network compares the human and neural attention and predicts a relevance score for each extracted image feature. Finally, image features are aggregated into a single feature vector as a linear combination of all features weighted by relevance which a decoder decodes into the final photofit. We train the neural scoring network on a novel dataset containing gaze data of 19 participants looking at collages of synthetic faces. We show that our method significantly outperforms a mean baseline predictor and report on a human study that shows that we can decode photofits that are visually plausible and close to the observer's mental image.      
### 23.Unsupervised Geodesic-preserved Generative Adversarial Networks for Unconstrained 3D Pose Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07520.pdf)
>  With the strength of deep generative models, 3D pose transfer regains intensive research interests in recent years. Existing methods mainly rely on a variety of constraints to achieve the pose transfer over 3D meshes, e.g., the need for the manually encoding for shape and pose disentanglement. In this paper, we present an unsupervised approach to conduct the pose transfer between any arbitrate given 3D meshes. Specifically, a novel Intrinsic-Extrinsic Preserved Generative Adversarial Network (IEP-GAN) is presented for both intrinsic (i.e., shape) and extrinsic (i.e., pose) information preservation. Extrinsically, we propose a co-occurrence discriminator to capture the structural/pose invariance from distinct Laplacians of the mesh. Meanwhile, intrinsically, a local intrinsic-preserved loss is introduced to preserve the geodesic priors while avoiding the heavy computations. At last, we show the possibility of using IEP-GAN to manipulate 3D human meshes in various ways, including pose transfer, identity swapping and pose interpolation with latent code vector arithmetic. The extensive experiments on various 3D datasets of humans, animals and hands qualitatively and quantitatively demonstrate the generality of our approach. Our proposed model produces better results and is substantially more efficient compared to recent state-of-the-art methods. Code is available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mikecheninoulu/Unsupervised_IEPGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.LIF-Seg: LiDAR and Camera Image Fusion for 3D LiDAR Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07511.pdf)
>  Camera and 3D LiDAR sensors have become indispensable devices in modern autonomous driving vehicles, where the camera provides the fine-grained texture, color information in 2D space and LiDAR captures more precise and farther-away distance measurements of the surrounding environments. The complementary information from these two sensors makes the two-modality fusion be a desired option. However, two major issues of the fusion between camera and LiDAR hinder its performance, \ie, how to effectively fuse these two modalities and how to precisely align them (suffering from the weak spatiotemporal synchronization problem). In this paper, we propose a coarse-to-fine LiDAR and camera fusion-based network (termed as LIF-Seg) for LiDAR segmentation. For the first issue, unlike these previous works fusing the point cloud and image information in a one-to-one manner, the proposed method fully utilizes the contextual information of images and introduces a simple but effective early-fusion strategy. Second, due to the weak spatiotemporal synchronization problem, an offset rectification approach is designed to align these two-modality features. The cooperation of these two components leads to the success of the effective camera-LiDAR fusion. Experimental results on the nuScenes dataset show the superiority of the proposed LIF-Seg over existing methods with a large margin. Ablation studies and analyses demonstrate that our proposed LIF-Seg can effectively tackle the weak spatiotemporal synchronization problem.      
### 25.Exploring Classification Equilibrium in Long-Tailed Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07507.pdf)
>  The conventional detectors tend to make imbalanced classification and suffer performance drop, when the distribution of the training data is severely skewed. In this paper, we propose to use the mean classification score to indicate the classification accuracy for each category during training. Based on this indicator, we balance the classification via an Equilibrium Loss (EBL) and a Memory-augmented Feature Sampling (MFS) method. Specifically, EBL increases the intensity of the adjustment of the decision boundary for the weak classes by a designed score-guided loss margin between any two classes. On the other hand, MFS improves the frequency and accuracy of the adjustment of the decision boundary for the weak classes through over-sampling the instance features of those classes. Therefore, EBL and MFS work collaboratively for finding the classification equilibrium in long-tailed detection, and dramatically improve the performance of tail classes while maintaining or even improving the performance of head classes. We conduct experiments on LVIS using Mask R-CNN with various backbones including ResNet-50-FPN and ResNet-101-FPN to show the superiority of the proposed method. It improves the detection performance of tail classes by 15.6 AP, and outperforms the most recent long-tailed object detectors by more than 1 AP. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fcjian/LOCE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.PR-RRN: Pairwise-Regularized Residual-Recursive Networks for Non-rigid Structure-from-Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07506.pdf)
>  We propose PR-RRN, a novel neural-network based method for Non-rigid Structure-from-Motion (NRSfM). PR-RRN consists of Residual-Recursive Networks (RRN) and two extra regularization losses. RRN is designed to effectively recover 3D shape and camera from 2D keypoints with novel residual-recursive structure. As NRSfM is a highly under-constrained problem, we propose two new pairwise regularization to further regularize the reconstruction. The Rigidity-based Pairwise Contrastive Loss regularizes the shape representation by encouraging higher similarity between the representations of high-rigidity pairs of frames than low-rigidity pairs. We propose minimum singular-value ratio to measure the pairwise rigidity. The Pairwise Consistency Loss enforces the reconstruction to be consistent when the estimated shapes and cameras are exchanged between pairs. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on CMU MOCAP and PASCAL3D+ dataset.      
### 27.MV-TON: Memory-based Video Virtual Try-on network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07502.pdf)
>  With the development of Generative Adversarial Network, image-based virtual try-on methods have made great progress. However, limited work has explored the task of video-based virtual try-on while it is important in real-world applications. Most existing video-based virtual try-on methods usually require clothing templates and they can only generate blurred and low-resolution results. To address these challenges, we propose a Memory-based Video virtual Try-On Network (MV-TON), which seamlessly transfers desired clothes to a target person without using any clothing templates and generates high-resolution realistic videos. Specifically, MV-TON consists of two modules: 1) a try-on module that transfers the desired clothes from model images to frame images by pose alignment and region-wise replacing of pixels; 2) a memory refinement module that learns to embed the existing generated frames into the latent space as external memory for the following frame generation. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our method in the video virtual try-on task and its superiority over other existing methods.      
### 28.A Flexible Three-Dimensional Hetero-phase Computed Tomography Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC) Detection Algorithm for Generalizable and Practical HCC Screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07492.pdf)
>  Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) can be potentially discovered from abdominal computed tomography (CT) studies under varied clinical scenarios, e.g., fully dynamic contrast enhanced (DCE) studies, non-contrast (NC) plus venous phase (VP) abdominal studies, or NC-only studies. We develop a flexible three-dimensional deep algorithm, called hetero-phase volumetric detection (HPVD), that can accept any combination of contrast-phase inputs and with adjustable sensitivity depending on the clinical purpose. We trained HPVD on 771 DCE CT scans to detect HCCs and tested on external 164 positives and 206 controls, respectively. We compare performance against six clinical readers, including two radiologists, two hepato-pancreatico-biliary (HPB) surgeons, and two hepatologists. The area under curve (AUC) of the localization receiver operating characteristic (LROC) for NC-only, NC plus VP, and full DCE CT yielded 0.71, 0.81, 0.89 respectively. At a high sensitivity operating point of 80% on DCE CT, HPVD achieved 97% specificity, which is comparable to measured physician performance. We also demonstrate performance improvements over more typical and less flexible non hetero-phase detectors. Thus, we demonstrate that a single deep learning algorithm can be effectively applied to diverse HCC detection clinical scenarios.      
### 29.A Dense Siamese U-Net trained with Edge Enhanced 3D IOU Loss for Image Co-segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07491.pdf)
>  Image co-segmentation has attracted a lot of attentions in computer vision community. In this paper, we propose a new approach to image co-segmentation through introducing the dense connections into the decoder path of Siamese U-net and presenting a new edge enhanced 3D IOU loss measured over distance maps. Considering the rigorous mapping between the signed normalized distance map (SNDM) and the binary segmentation mask, we estimate the SNDMs directly from original images and use them to determine the segmentation results. We apply the Siamese U-net for solving this problem and improve its effectiveness by densely connecting each layer with subsequent layers in the decoder path. Furthermore, a new learning loss is designed to measure the 3D intersection over union (IOU) between the generated SNDMs and the labeled SNDMs. The experimental results on commonly used datasets for image co-segmentation demonstrate the effectiveness of our presented dense structure and edge enhanced 3D IOU loss of SNDM. To our best knowledge, they lead to the state-of-the-art performance on the Internet and iCoseg datasets.      
### 30.CaT: Weakly Supervised Object Detection with Category Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07487.pdf)
>  A large gap exists between fully-supervised object detection and weakly-supervised object detection. To narrow this gap, some methods consider knowledge transfer from additional fully-supervised dataset. But these methods do not fully exploit discriminative category information in the fully-supervised dataset, thus causing low mAP. To solve this issue, we propose a novel category transfer framework for weakly supervised object detection. The intuition is to fully leverage both visually-discriminative and semantically-correlated category information in the fully-supervised dataset to enhance the object-classification ability of a weakly-supervised detector. To handle overlapping category transfer, we propose a double-supervision mean teacher to gather common category information and bridge the domain gap between two datasets. To handle non-overlapping category transfer, we propose a semantic graph convolutional network to promote the aggregation of semantic features between correlated categories. Experiments are conducted with Pascal VOC 2007 as the target weakly-supervised dataset and COCO as the source fully-supervised dataset. Our category transfer framework achieves 63.5% mAP and 80.3% CorLoc with 5 overlapping categories between two datasets, which outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. Codes are avaliable at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MediaBrain-SJTU/CaT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.G-DetKD: Towards General Distillation Framework for Object Detectors via Contrastive and Semantic-guided Feature Imitation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07482.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the knowledge distillation (KD) strategy for object detection and propose an effective framework applicable to both homogeneous and heterogeneous student-teacher pairs. The conventional feature imitation paradigm introduces imitation masks to focus on informative foreground areas while excluding the background noises. However, we find that those methods fail to fully utilize the semantic information in all feature pyramid levels, which leads to inefficiency for knowledge distillation between FPN-based detectors. To this end, we propose a novel semantic-guided feature imitation technique, which automatically performs soft matching between feature pairs across all pyramid levels to provide the optimal guidance to the student. To push the envelop even further, we introduce contrastive distillation to effectively capture the information encoded in the relationship between different feature regions. Finally, we propose a generalized detection KD pipeline, which is capable of distilling both homogeneous and heterogeneous detector pairs. Our method consistently outperforms the existing detection KD techniques, and works when (1) components in the framework are used separately and in conjunction; (2) for both homogeneous and heterogenous student-teacher pairs and (3) on multiple detection benchmarks. With a powerful X101-FasterRCNN-Instaboost detector as the teacher, R50-FasterRCNN reaches 44.0% AP, R50-RetinaNet reaches 43.3% AP and R50-FCOS reaches 43.1% AP on COCO dataset.      
### 32.Instance Segmentation in 3D Scenes using Semantic Superpoint Tree Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07478.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation in 3D scenes is fundamental in many applications of scene understanding. It is yet challenging due to the compound factors of data irregularity and uncertainty in the numbers of instances. State-of-the-art methods largely rely on a general pipeline that first learns point-wise features discriminative at semantic and instance levels, followed by a separate step of point grouping for proposing object instances. While promising, they have the shortcomings that (1) the second step is not supervised by the main objective of instance segmentation, and (2) their point-wise feature learning and grouping are less effective to deal with data irregularities, possibly resulting in fragmented segmentations. To address these issues, we propose in this work an end-to-end solution of Semantic Superpoint Tree Network (SSTNet) for proposing object instances from scene points. Key in SSTNet is an intermediate, semantic superpoint tree (SST), which is constructed based on the learned semantic features of superpoints, and which will be traversed and split at intermediate tree nodes for proposals of object instances. We also design in SSTNet a refinement module, termed CliqueNet, to prune superpoints that may be wrongly grouped into instance proposals. Experiments on the benchmarks of ScanNet and S3DIS show the efficacy of our proposed method. At the time of submission, SSTNet ranks top on the ScanNet (V2) leaderboard, with 2% higher of mAP than the second best method. The source code in PyTorch is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Gorilla-Lab-SCUT/SSTNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Guided Colorization Using Mono-Color Image Pairs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07471.pdf)
>  Compared to color images captured by conventional RGB cameras, monochrome images usually have better signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and richer textures due to its higher quantum efficiency. It is thus natural to apply a mono-color dual-camera system to restore color images with higher visual quality. In this paper, we propose a mono-color image enhancement algorithm that colorizes the monochrome image with the color one. Based on the assumption that adjacent structures with similar luminance values are likely to have similar colors, we first perform dense scribbling to assign colors to the monochrome pixels through block matching. Two types of outliers, including occlusion and color ambiguity, are detected and removed from the initial scribbles. We also introduce a sampling strategy to accelerate the scribbling process. Then, the dense scribbles are propagated to the entire image. To alleviate incorrect color propagation in the regions that have no color hints at all, we generate extra color seeds based on the existed scribbles to guide the propagation process. Experimental results show that, our algorithm can efficiently restore color images with higher SNR and richer details from the mono-color image pairs, and achieves good performance in solving the color bleeding problem.      
### 34.Transferring Knowledge with Attention Distillation for Multi-Domain Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07466.pdf)
>  Gradient-based attention modeling has been used widely as a way to visualize and understand convolutional neural networks. However, exploiting these visual explanations during the training of generative adversarial networks (GANs) is an unexplored area in computer vision research. Indeed, we argue that this kind of information can be used to influence GANs training in a positive way. For this reason, in this paper, it is shown how gradient based attentions can be used as knowledge to be conveyed in a teacher-student paradigm for multi-domain image-to-image translation tasks in order to improve the results of the student architecture. Further, it is demonstrated how "pseudo"-attentions can also be employed during training when teacher and student networks are trained on different domains which share some similarities. The approach is validated on multi-domain facial attributes transfer and human expression synthesis showing both qualitative and quantitative results.      
### 35.Diffeomorphic Particle Image Velocimetry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07438.pdf)
>  The existing particle image velocimetry (PIV) do not consider the curvature effect of the non-straight particle trajectory, because it seems to be impossible to obtain the curvature information from a pair of particle images. As a result, the computed vector underestimates the real velocity due to the straight-line approximation, that further causes a systematic error for the PIV instrument. In this work, the particle curved trajectory between two recordings is firstly explained with the streamline segment of a steady flow (diffeomorphic transformation) instead of a single vector, and this idea is termed as diffeomorphic PIV. Specifically, a deformation field is introduced to describe the particle displacement, i.e., we try to find the optimal velocity field, of which the corresponding deformation vector field agrees with the particle displacement. Because the variation of the deformation function can be approximated with the variation of the velocity function, the diffeomorphic PIV can be implemented as iterative PIV. That says, the diffeomorphic PIV warps the images with deformation vector field instead of the velocity, and keeps the rest as same as iterative PIVs. Two diffeomorphic deformation schemes -- forward diffeomorphic deformation interrogation (FDDI) and central diffeomorphic deformation interrogation (CDDI) -- are proposed. Tested on synthetic images, the FDDI achieves significant accuracy improvement across different one-pass displacement estimators (cross-correlation, optical flow, deep learning flow). Besides, the results on three real PIV image pairs demonstrate the non-negligible curvature effect for CDI-based PIV, and our FDDI provides larger velocity estimation (more accurate) in the fast curvy streamline areas. The accuracy improvement of the combination of FDDI and accurate dense estimator means that our diffeomorphic PIV paves a new way for complex flow measurement.      
### 36.Learning by Aligning: Visible-Infrared Person Re-identification using Cross-Modal Correspondences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07422.pdf)
>  We address the problem of visible-infrared person re-identification (VI-reID), that is, retrieving a set of person images, captured by visible or infrared cameras, in a cross-modal setting. Two main challenges in VI-reID are intra-class variations across person images, and cross-modal discrepancies between visible and infrared images. Assuming that the person images are roughly aligned, previous approaches attempt to learn coarse image- or rigid part-level person representations that are discriminative and generalizable across different modalities. However, the person images, typically cropped by off-the-shelf object detectors, are not necessarily well-aligned, which distract discriminative person representation learning. In this paper, we introduce a novel feature learning framework that addresses these problems in a unified way. To this end, we propose to exploit dense correspondences between cross-modal person images. This allows to address the cross-modal discrepancies in a pixel-level, suppressing modality-related features from person representations more effectively. This also encourages pixel-wise associations between cross-modal local features, further facilitating discriminative feature learning for VI-reID. Extensive experiments and analyses on standard VI-reID benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach, which significantly outperforms the state of the art.      
### 37.Cross-Image Region Mining with Region Prototypical Network for Weakly Supervised Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07413.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised image segmentation trained with image-level labels usually suffers from inaccurate coverage of object areas during the generation of the pseudo groundtruth. This is because the object activation maps are trained with the classification objective and lack the ability to generalize. To improve the generality of the objective activation maps, we propose a region prototypical network RPNet to explore the cross-image object diversity of the training set. Similar object parts across images are identified via region feature comparison. Object confidence is propagated between regions to discover new object areas while background regions are suppressed. Experiments show that the proposed method generates more complete and accurate pseudo object masks, while achieving state-of-the-art performance on PASCAL VOC 2012 and MS COCO. In addition, we investigate the robustness of the proposed method on reduced training sets.      
### 38.Learning Dynamic Interpolation for Extremely Sparse Light Fields with Wide Baselines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07408.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle the problem of dense light field (LF) reconstruction from sparsely-sampled ones with wide baselines and propose a learnable model, namely dynamic interpolation, to replace the commonly-used geometry warping operation. Specifically, with the estimated geometric relation between input views, we first construct a lightweight neural network to dynamically learn weights for interpolating neighbouring pixels from input views to synthesize each pixel of novel views independently. In contrast to the fixed and content-independent weights employed in the geometry warping operation, the learned interpolation weights implicitly incorporate the correspondences between the source and novel views and adapt to different image content information. Then, we recover the spatial correlation between the independently synthesized pixels of each novel view by referring to that of input views using a geometry-based spatial refinement module. We also constrain the angular correlation between the novel views through a disparity-oriented LF structure loss. Experimental results on LF datasets with wide baselines show that the reconstructed LFs achieve much higher PSNR/SSIM and preserve the LF parallax structure better than state-of-the-art methods. The source code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MantangGuo/DI4SLF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Network Generalization Prediction for Safety Critical Tasks in Novel Operating Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07399.pdf)
>  It is well known that Neural Network (network) performance often degrades when a network is used in novel operating domains that differ from its training and testing domains. This is a major limitation, as networks are being integrated into safety critical, cyber-physical systems that must work in unconstrained environments, e.g., perception for autonomous vehicles. Training networks that generalize to novel operating domains and that extract robust features is an active area of research, but previous work fails to predict what the network performance will be in novel operating domains. We propose the task Network Generalization Prediction: predicting the expected network performance in novel operating domains. We describe the network performance in terms of an interpretable Context Subspace, and we propose a methodology for selecting the features of the Context Subspace that provide the most information about the network performance. We identify the Context Subspace for a pretrained Faster RCNN network performing pedestrian detection on the Berkeley Deep Drive (BDD) Dataset, and demonstrate Network Generalization Prediction accuracy within 5% or less of observed performance. We also demonstrate that the Context Subspace from the BDD Dataset is informative for completely unseen datasets, JAAD and Cityscapes, where predictions have a bias of 10% or less.      
### 40.Contextual Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07387.pdf)
>  We propose contextual convolution (CoConv) for visual recognition. CoConv is a direct replacement of the standard convolution, which is the core component of convolutional neural networks. CoConv is implicitly equipped with the capability of incorporating contextual information while maintaining a similar number of parameters and computational cost compared to the standard convolution. CoConv is inspired by neuroscience studies indicating that (i) neurons, even from the primary visual cortex (V1 area), are involved in detection of contextual cues and that (ii) the activity of a visual neuron can be influenced by the stimuli placed entirely outside of its theoretical receptive field. On the one hand, we integrate CoConv in the widely-used residual networks and show improved recognition performance over baselines on the core tasks and benchmarks for visual recognition, namely image classification on the ImageNet data set and object detection on the MS COCO data set. On the other hand, we introduce CoConv in the generator of a state-of-the-art Generative Adversarial Network, showing improved generative results on CIFAR-10 and CelebA. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/iduta/coconv" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.DRB-GAN: A Dynamic ResBlock Generative Adversarial Network for Artistic Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07379.pdf)
>  The paper proposes a Dynamic ResBlock Generative Adversarial Network (DRB-GAN) for artistic style transfer. The style code is modeled as the shared parameters for Dynamic ResBlocks connecting both the style encoding network and the style transfer network. In the style encoding network, a style class-aware attention mechanism is used to attend the style feature representation for generating the style codes. In the style transfer network, multiple Dynamic ResBlocks are designed to integrate the style code and the extracted CNN semantic feature and then feed into the spatial window Layer-Instance Normalization (SW-LIN) decoder, which enables high-quality synthetic images with artistic style transfer. Moreover, the style collection conditional discriminator is designed to equip our DRB-GAN model with abilities for both arbitrary style transfer and collection style transfer during the training stage. No matter for arbitrary style transfer or collection style transfer, extensive experiments strongly demonstrate that our proposed DRB-GAN outperforms state-of-the-art methods and exhibits its superior performance in terms of visual quality and efficiency. Our source code is available at \color{magenta}{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xuwenju123/DRB-GAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 42.PnP-3D: A Plug-and-Play for 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07378.pdf)
>  With the help of the deep learning paradigm, many point cloud networks have been invented for visual analysis. However, there is great potential for development of these networks since the given information of point cloud data has not been fully exploited. To improve the effectiveness of existing networks in analyzing point cloud data, we propose a plug-and-play module, PnP-3D, aiming to refine the fundamental point cloud feature representations by involving more local context and global bilinear response from explicit 3D space and implicit feature space. To thoroughly evaluate our approach, we conduct experiments on three standard point cloud analysis tasks, including classification, semantic segmentation, and object detection, where we select three state-of-the-art networks from each task for evaluation. Serving as a plug-and-play module, PnP-3D can significantly boost the performances of established networks. In addition to achieving state-of-the-art results on four widely used point cloud benchmarks, we present comprehensive ablation studies and visualizations to demonstrate our approach's advantages. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShiQiu0419/pnp-3d" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.BN-NAS: Neural Architecture Search with Batch Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07375.pdf)
>  We present BN-NAS, neural architecture search with Batch Normalization (BN-NAS), to accelerate neural architecture search (NAS). BN-NAS can significantly reduce the time required by model training and evaluation in NAS. Specifically, for fast evaluation, we propose a BN-based indicator for predicting subnet performance at a very early training stage. The BN-based indicator further facilitates us to improve the training efficiency by only training the BN parameters during the supernet training. This is based on our observation that training the whole supernet is not necessary while training only BN parameters accelerates network convergence for network architecture search. Extensive experiments show that our method can significantly shorten the time of training supernet by more than 10 times and shorten the time of evaluating subnets by more than 600,000 times without losing accuracy.      
### 44.CaraNet: Context Axial Reverse Attention Network for Segmentation of Small Medical Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07368.pdf)
>  Segmenting medical images accurately and reliably is important for disease diagnosis and treatment. It is a challenging task because of the wide variety of objects' sizes, shapes, and scanning modalities. Recently, many convolutional neural networks (CNN) have been designed for segmentation tasks and achieved great success. Few studies, however, have fully considered the sizes of objects and thus most demonstrate poor performance on segmentation of small objects segmentation. This can have significant impact on early detection of disease. This paper proposes a Context Axial Reserve Attention Network (CaraNet) to improve the segmentation performance on small objects compared with recent state-of-the-art models. We test our CaraNet on brain tumor (BraTS 2018) and polyp (Kvasir-SEG, CVC-ColonDB, CVC-ClinicDB, CVC-300 and ETIS-LaribPolypDB) segmentation. Our CaraNet not only achieves the top-rank mean Dice segmentation accuracy, but also shows a distinct advantage in segmentation of small medical objects.      
### 45.Scene Designer: a Unified Model for Scene Search and Synthesis from Sketch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07353.pdf)
>  Scene Designer is a novel method for searching and generating images using free-hand sketches of scene compositions; i.e. drawings that describe both the appearance and relative positions of objects. Our core contribution is a single unified model to learn both a cross-modal search embedding for matching sketched compositions to images, and an object embedding for layout synthesis. We show that a graph neural network (GNN) followed by Transformer under our novel contrastive learning setting is required to allow learning correlations between object type, appearance and arrangement, driving a mask generation module that synthesises coherent scene layouts, whilst also delivering state of the art sketch based visual search of scenes.      
### 46.TUM-VIE: The TUM Stereo Visual-Inertial Event Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07329.pdf)
>  Event cameras are bio-inspired vision sensors which measure per pixel brightness changes. They offer numerous benefits over traditional, frame-based cameras, including low latency, high dynamic range, high temporal resolution and low power consumption. Thus, these sensors are suited for robotics and virtual reality applications. To foster the development of 3D perception and navigation algorithms with event cameras, we present the TUM-VIE dataset. It consists of a large variety of handheld and head-mounted sequences in indoor and outdoor environments, including rapid motion during sports and high dynamic range scenarios. The dataset contains stereo event data, stereo grayscale frames at 20Hz as well as IMU data at 200Hz. Timestamps between all sensors are synchronized in hardware. The event cameras contain a large sensor of 1280x720 pixels, which is significantly larger than the sensors used in existing stereo event datasets (at least by a factor of ten). We provide ground truth poses from a motion capture system at 120Hz during the beginning and end of each sequence, which can be used for trajectory evaluation. TUM-VIE includes challenging sequences where state-of-the art visual SLAM algorithms either fail or result in large drift. Hence, our dataset can help to push the boundary of future research on event-based visual-inertial perception algorithms.      
### 47.Clustering augmented Self-Supervised Learning: Anapplication to Land Cover Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07323.pdf)
>  Collecting large annotated datasets in Remote Sensing is often expensive and thus can become a major obstacle for training advanced machine learning models. Common techniques of addressing this issue, based on the underlying idea of pre-training the Deep Neural Networks (DNN) on freely available large datasets, cannot be used for Remote Sensing due to the unavailability of such large-scale labeled datasets and the heterogeneity of data sources caused by the varying spatial and spectral resolution of different sensors. Self-supervised learning is an alternative approach that learns feature representation from unlabeled images without using any human annotations. In this paper, we introduce a new method for land cover mapping by using a clustering based pretext task for self-supervised learning. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the method on two societally relevant applications from the aspect of segmentation performance, discriminative feature representation learning and the underlying cluster structure. We also show the effectiveness of the active sampling using the clusters obtained from our method in improving the mapping accuracy given a limited budget of annotating.      
### 48.A New Backbone for Hyperspectral Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07739.pdf)
>  The study of 3D hyperspectral image (HSI) reconstruction refers to the inverse process of snapshot compressive imaging, during which the optical system, e.g., the coded aperture snapshot spectral imaging (CASSI) system, captures the 3D spatial-spectral signal and encodes it to a 2D measurement. While numerous sophisticated neural networks have been elaborated for end-to-end reconstruction, trade-offs still need to be made among performance, efficiency (training and inference time), and feasibility (the ability of restoring high resolution HSI on limited GPU memory). This raises a challenge to design a new baseline to conjointly meet the above requirements. In this paper, we fill in this blank by proposing a Spatial/Spectral Invariant Residual U-Net, namely SSI-ResU-Net. It differentiates with U-Net in three folds--1) scale/spectral-invariant learning, 2) nested residual learning, and 3) computational efficiency. Benefiting from these three modules, the proposed SSI-ResU-Net outperforms the current state-of-the-art method TSA-Net by over 3 dB in PSNR and 0.036 in SSIM while only using 2.82% trainable parameters. To the greatest extent, SSI-ResU-Net achieves competing performance with over 77.3% reduction in terms of floating-point operations (FLOPs), which for the first time, makes high-resolution HSI reconstruction feasible under practical application scenarios. Code and pre-trained models are made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jiamian-Wang/HSI_baseline" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 49.An Experimental Urban Case Study with Various Data Sources and a Model for Traffic Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07698.pdf)
>  Accurate estimation of the traffic state over a network is essential since it is the starting point for designing and implementing any traffic management strategy. Hence, traffic operators and users of a transportation network can make reliable decisions such as influence/change route or mode choice. However, the problem of traffic state estimation from various sensors within an urban environment is very complex for several different reasons, such as availability of sensors, different noise levels, different output quantities, sensor accuracy, heterogeneous data fusion, and many more. To provide a better understanding of this problem, we organized an experimental campaign with video measurement in an area within the urban network of Zurich, Switzerland. We focus on capturing the traffic state in terms of traffic flow and travel times by ensuring measurements from established thermal cameras by the city's authorities, processed video data, and the Google Distance Matrix. We assess the different data sources, and we propose a simple yet efficient Multiple Linear Regression (MLR) model to estimate travel times with fusion of various data sources. Comparative results with ground-truth data (derived from video measurements) show the efficiency and robustness of the proposed methodology.      
### 50.Deep MRI Reconstruction with Radial Subsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07619.pdf)
>  In spite of its extensive adaptation in almost every medical diagnostic and examinatorial application, Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is still a slow imaging modality which limits its use for dynamic imaging. In recent years, Parallel Imaging (PI) and Compressed Sensing (CS) have been utilised to accelerate the MRI acquisition. In clinical settings, subsampling the k-space measurements during scanning time using Cartesian trajectories, such as rectilinear sampling, is currently the most conventional CS approach applied which, however, is prone to producing aliased reconstructions. With the advent of the involvement of Deep Learning (DL) in accelerating the MRI, reconstructing faithful images from subsampled data became increasingly promising. Retrospectively applying a subsampling mask onto the k-space data is a way of simulating the accelerated acquisition of k-space data in real clinical setting. In this paper we compare and provide a review for the effect of applying either rectilinear or radial retrospective subsampling on the quality of the reconstructions outputted by trained deep neural networks. With the same choice of hyper-parameters, we train and evaluate two distinct Recurrent Inference Machines (RIMs), one for each type of subsampling. The qualitative and quantitative results of our experiments indicate that the model trained on data with radial subsampling attains higher performance and learns to estimate reconstructions with higher fidelity paving the way for other DL approaches to involve radial subsampling.      
### 51.Direct domain adaptation through reciprocal linear transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07600.pdf)
>  We propose a direct domain adaptation (DDA) approach to enrich the training of supervised neural networks on synthetic data by features from real-world data. The process involves a series of linear operations on the input features to the NN model, whether they are from the source or target domains, as follows: 1) A cross-correlation of the input data (i.e. images) with a randomly picked sample pixel (or pixels) of all images from that domain or the mean of all randomly picked sample pixel (or pixels) of all images. 2) The convolution of the resulting data with the mean of the autocorrelated input images from the other domain. In the training stage, as expected, the input images are from the source domain, and the mean of auto-correlated images are evaluated from the target domain. In the inference/application stage, the input images are from the target domain, and the mean of auto-correlated images are evaluated from the source domain. The proposed method only manipulates the data from the source and target domains and does not explicitly interfere with the training workflow and network architecture. An application that includes training a convolutional neural network on the MNIST dataset and testing the network on the MNIST-M dataset achieves a 70% accuracy on the test data. A principal component analysis (PCA), as well as t-SNE, show that the input features from the source and target domains, after the proposed direct transformations, share similar properties along with the principal components as compared to the original MNIST and MNIST-M input features.      
### 52.spectrai: A deep learning framework for spectral data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07595.pdf)
>  Deep learning computer vision techniques have achieved many successes in recent years across numerous imaging domains. However, the application of deep learning to spectral data remains a complex task due to the need for augmentation routines, specific architectures for spectral data, and significant memory requirements. Here we present spectrai, an open-source deep learning framework designed to facilitate the training of neural networks on spectral data and enable comparison between different methods. Spectrai provides numerous built-in spectral data pre-processing and augmentation methods, neural networks for spectral data including spectral (image) denoising, spectral (image) classification, spectral image segmentation, and spectral image super-resolution. Spectrai includes both command line and graphical user interfaces (GUI) designed to guide users through model and hyperparameter decisions for a wide range of applications.      
### 53.KCNet: An Insect-Inspired Single-Hidden-Layer Neural Network with Randomized Binary Weights for Prediction and Classification Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07554.pdf)
>  Fruit flies are established model systems for studying olfactory learning as they will readily learn to associate odors with both electric shock or sugar rewards. The mechanisms of the insect brain apparently responsible for odor learning form a relatively shallow neuronal architecture. Olfactory inputs are received by the antennal lobe (AL) of the brain, which produces an encoding of each odor mixture across ~50 sub-units known as glomeruli. Each of these glomeruli then project its component of this feature vector to several of ~2000 so-called Kenyon Cells (KCs) in a region of the brain known as the mushroom body (MB). Fly responses to odors are generated by small downstream neuropils that decode the higher-order representation from the MB. Research has shown that there is no recognizable pattern in the glomeruli--KC connections (and thus the particular higher-order representations); they are akin to fingerprints~-- even isogenic flies have different projections. Leveraging insights from this architecture, we propose KCNet, a single-hidden-layer neural network that contains sparse, randomized, binary weights between the input layer and the hidden layer and analytically learned weights between the hidden layer and the output layer. Furthermore, we also propose a dynamic optimization algorithm that enables the KCNet to increase performance beyond its structural limits by searching a more efficient set of inputs. For odorant-perception tasks that predict perceptual properties of an odorant, we show that KCNet outperforms existing data-driven approaches, such as XGBoost. For image-classification tasks, KCNet achieves reasonable performance on benchmark datasets (MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, and EMNIST) without any data-augmentation methods or convolutional layers and shows particularly fast running time. Thus, neural networks inspired by the insect brain can be both economical and perform well.      
### 54.Investigating a Baseline Of Self Supervised Learning Towards Reducing Labeling Costs For Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07464.pdf)
>  Data labeling in supervised learning is considered an expensive and infeasible tool in some conditions. The self-supervised learning method is proposed to tackle the learning effectiveness with fewer labeled data, however, there is a lack of confidence in the size of labeled data needed to achieve adequate results. This study aims to draw a baseline on the proportion of the labeled data that models can appreciate to yield competent accuracy when compared to training with additional labels. The study implements the <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://kaggle.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>' cats-vs-dogs dataset, Mnist and Fashion-Mnist to investigate the self-supervised learning task by implementing random rotations augmentation on the original datasets. To reveal the true effectiveness of the pretext process in self-supervised learning, the original dataset is divided into smaller batches, and learning is repeated on each batch with and without the pretext pre-training. Results show that the pretext process in the self-supervised learning improves the accuracy around 15% in the downstream classification task when compared to the plain supervised learning.      
