# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 30 Aug 2021
### 1.DC-GNet: Deep Mesh Relation Capturing Graph Convolution Network for 3D Human Shape Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12384.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim to reconstruct a full 3D human shape from a single image. Previous vertex-level and parameter regression approaches reconstruct 3D human shape based on a pre-defined adjacency matrix to encode positive relations between nodes. The deep topological relations for the surface of the 3D human body are not carefully exploited. Moreover, the performance of most existing approaches often suffer from domain gap when handling more occlusion cases in real-world scenes. <br>In this work, we propose a Deep Mesh Relation Capturing Graph Convolution Network, DC-GNet, with a shape completion task for 3D human shape reconstruction. Firstly, we propose to capture deep relations within mesh vertices, where an adaptive matrix encoding both positive and negative relations is introduced. Secondly, we propose a shape completion task to learn prior about various kinds of occlusion cases. Our approach encodes mesh structure from more subtle relations between nodes in a more distant region. Furthermore, our shape completion module alleviates the performance degradation issue in the outdoor scene. Extensive experiments on several benchmarks show that our approach outperforms the previous 3D human pose and shape estimation approaches.      
### 2.ISNet: Integrate Image-Level and Semantic-Level Context for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12382.pdf)
>  Co-occurrent visual pattern makes aggregating contextual information a common paradigm to enhance the pixel representation for semantic image segmentation. The existing approaches focus on modeling the context from the perspective of the whole image, i.e., aggregating the image-level contextual information. Despite impressive, these methods weaken the significance of the pixel representations of the same category, i.e., the semantic-level contextual information. To address this, this paper proposes to augment the pixel representations by aggregating the image-level and semantic-level contextual information, respectively. First, an image-level context module is designed to capture the contextual information for each pixel in the whole image. Second, we aggregate the representations of the same category for each pixel where the category regions are learned under the supervision of the ground-truth segmentation. Third, we compute the similarities between each pixel representation and the image-level contextual information, the semantic-level contextual information, respectively. At last, a pixel representation is augmented by weighted aggregating both the image-level contextual information and the semantic-level contextual information with the similarities as the weights. Integrating the image-level and semantic-level context allows this paper to report state-of-the-art accuracy on four benchmarks, i.e., ADE20K, LIP, COCOStuff and Cityscapes.      
### 3.A Pedestrian Detection and Tracking Framework for Autonomous Cars: Efficient Fusion of Camera and LiDAR Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12375.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel method for pedestrian detection and tracking by fusing camera and LiDAR sensor data. To deal with the challenges associated with the autonomous driving scenarios, an integrated tracking and detection framework is proposed. The detection phase is performed by converting LiDAR streams to computationally tractable depth images, and then, a deep neural network is developed to identify pedestrian candidates both in RGB and depth images. To provide accurate information, the detection phase is further enhanced by fusing multi-modal sensor information using the Kalman filter. The tracking phase is a combination of the Kalman filter prediction and an optical flow algorithm to track multiple pedestrians in a scene. We evaluate our framework on a real public driving dataset. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves significant performance improvement over a baseline method that solely uses image-based pedestrian detection.      
### 4.TE-YOLOF: Tiny and efficient YOLOF for blood cell detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12313.pdf)
>  Blood cell detection in microscopic images is an essential branch of medical image processing research. Since disease detection based on manual checking of blood cells is time-consuming and full of errors, testing of blood cells using object detectors with Deep Convolutional Neural Network can be regarded as a feasible solution. In this work, an object detector based on YOLOF has been proposed to detect blood cell objects such as red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets. This object detector is called TE-YOLOF, Tiny and Efficient YOLOF, and it is a One-Stage detector using dilated encoder to extract information from single-level feature maps. For increasing efficiency and flexibility, the EfficientNet Convolutional Neural Network is utilized as the backbone for the proposed object detector. Furthermore, the Depthwise Separable Convolution is applied to enhance the performance and minimize the parameters of the network. In addition, the Mish activation function is employed to increase the precision. Extensive experiments on the BCCD dataset prove the effectiveness of the proposed model, which is more efficient than other existing studies for blood cell detection.      
### 5.Stop Throwing Away Discriminators! Re-using Adversaries for Test-Time Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12280.pdf)
>  Thanks to their ability to learn data distributions without requiring paired data, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have become an integral part of many computer vision methods, including those developed for medical image segmentation. These methods jointly train a segmentor and an adversarial mask discriminator, which provides a data-driven shape prior. At inference, the discriminator is discarded, and only the segmentor is used to predict label maps on test images. But should we discard the discriminator? Here, we argue that the life cycle of adversarial discriminators should not end after training. On the contrary, training stable GANs produces powerful shape priors that we can use to correct segmentor mistakes at inference. To achieve this, we develop stable mask discriminators that do not overfit or catastrophically forget. At test time, we fine-tune the segmentor on each individual test instance until it satisfies the learned shape prior. Our method is simple to implement and increases model performance. Moreover, it opens new directions for re-using mask discriminators at inference. We release the code used for the experiments at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vios-s.github.io/adversarial-test-time-training" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Fast Rule-Based Clutter Detection in Automotive Radar Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12224.pdf)
>  Automotive radar sensors output a lot of unwanted clutter or ghost detections, whose position and velocity do not correspond to any real object in the sensor's field of view. This poses a substantial challenge for environment perception methods like object detection or tracking. Especially problematic are clutter detections that occur in groups or at similar locations in multiple consecutive measurements. In this paper, a new algorithm for identifying such erroneous detections is presented. It is mainly based on the modeling of specific commonly occurring wave propagation paths that lead to clutter. In particular, the three effects explicitly covered are reflections at the underbody of a car or truck, signals traveling back and forth between the vehicle on which the sensor is mounted and another object, and multipath propagation via specular reflection. The latter often occurs near guardrails, concrete walls or similar reflective surfaces. Each of these effects is described both theoretically and regarding a method for identifying the corresponding clutter detections. Identification is done by analyzing detections generated from a single sensor measurement only. The final algorithm is evaluated on recordings of real extra-urban traffic. For labeling, a semi-automatic process is employed. The results are promising, both in terms of performance and regarding the very low execution time. Typically, a large part of clutter is found, while only a small ratio of detections corresponding to real objects are falsely classified by the algorithm.      
### 7.TIMo -- A Dataset for Indoor Building Monitoring with a Time-of-Flight Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12196.pdf)
>  We present TIMo (Time-of-flight Indoor Monitoring), a dataset for video-based monitoring of indoor spaces captured using a time-of-flight (ToF) camera. The resulting depth videos feature people performing a set of different predefined actions, for which we provide detailed annotations. Person detection for people counting and anomaly detection are the two targeted applications. Most existing surveillance video datasets provide either grayscale or RGB videos. Depth information, on the other hand, is still a rarity in this class of datasets in spite of being popular and much more common in other research fields within computer vision. Our dataset addresses this gap in the landscape of surveillance video datasets. The recordings took place at two different locations with the ToF camera set up either in a top-down or a tilted perspective on the scene. The dataset is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vizta-tof.kl.dfki.de/timo-dataset-overview/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.MultiSiam: Self-supervised Multi-instance Siamese Representation Learning for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12178.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving has attracted much attention over the years but turns out to be harder than expected, probably due to the difficulty of labeled data collection for model training. Self-supervised learning (SSL), which leverages unlabeled data only for representation learning, might be a promising way to improve model performance. Existing SSL methods, however, usually rely on the single-centric-object guarantee, which may not be applicable for multi-instance datasets such as street scenes. To alleviate this limitation, we raise two issues to solve: (1) how to define positive samples for cross-view consistency and (2) how to measure similarity in multi-instance circumstances. We first adopt an IoU threshold during random cropping to transfer global-inconsistency to local-consistency. Then, we propose two feature alignment methods to enable 2D feature maps for multi-instance similarity measurement. Additionally, we adopt intra-image clustering with self-attention for further mining intra-image similarity and translation-invariance. Experiments show that, when pre-trained on Waymo dataset, our method called Multi-instance Siamese Network (MultiSiam) remarkably improves generalization ability and achieves state-of-the-art transfer performance on autonomous driving benchmarks, including Cityscapes and BDD100K, while existing SSL counterparts like MoCo, MoCo-v2, and BYOL show significant performance drop. By pre-training on SODA10M, a large-scale autonomous driving dataset, MultiSiam exceeds the ImageNet pre-trained MoCo-v2, demonstrating the potential of domain-specific pre-training. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/KaiChen1998/MultiSiam" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.Rethinking the Aligned and Misaligned Features in One-stage Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12176.pdf)
>  One-stage object detectors rely on the point feature to predict the detection results. However, the point feature may lack the information of the whole object and lead to a misalignment between the object and the point feature. Meanwhile, the classification and regression tasks are sensitive to different object regions, but their features are spatially aligned. In this paper, we propose a simple and plug-in operator that could generate aligned and disentangled features for each task, respectively, without breaking the fully convolutional manner. By predicting two task-aware point sets that are located in each sensitive region, this operator could disentangle the two tasks from the spatial dimension, as well as align the point feature with the object. We also reveal an interesting finding of the opposite effect of the long-range skip-connection for classification and regression, respectively. Based on the object-aligned and task-disentangled operator (OAT), we propose OAT-Net, which explicitly exploits point-set features for more accurate detection results. Extensive experiments on the MS-COCO dataset show that OAT can consistently boost different one-stage detectors by $\sim$2 AP. Notably, OAT-Net achieves 53.7 AP with Res2Net-101-DCN backbone and shows promising performance gain for small objects.      
### 10.Anomaly Detection of Defect using Energy of Point Pattern Features within Random Finite Set Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12159.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an efficient approach for industrial defect detection that is modeled based on anomaly detection using point pattern data. Most recent works use \textit{global features} for feature extraction to summarize image content. However, global features are not robust against lighting and viewpoint changes and do not describe the image's geometrical information to be fully utilized in the manufacturing industry. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to propose using transfer learning of local/point pattern features to overcome these limitations and capture geometrical information of the image regions. We model these local/point pattern features as a random finite set (RFS). In addition we propose RFS energy, in contrast to RFS likelihood as anomaly score. The similarity distribution of point pattern features of the normal sample has been modeled as a multivariate Gaussian. Parameters learning of the proposed RFS energy does not require any heavy computation. We evaluate the proposed approach on the MVTec AD dataset, a multi-object defect detection dataset. Experimental results show the outstanding performance of our proposed approach compared to the state-of-the-art methods, and the proposed RFS energy outperforms the state-of-the-art in the few shot learning settings.      
### 11.A Matching Algorithm based on Image Attribute Transfer and Local Features for Underwater Acoustic and Optical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12151.pdf)
>  In the field of underwater vision research, image matching between the sonar sensors and optical cameras has always been a challenging problem. Due to the difference in the imaging mechanism between them, which are the gray value, texture, contrast, etc. of the acoustic images and the optical images are also variant in local locations, which makes the traditional matching method based on the optical image invalid. Coupled with the difficulties and high costs of underwater data acquisition, it further affects the research process of acousto-optic data fusion technology. In order to maximize the use of underwater sensor data and promote the development of multi-sensor information fusion (MSIF), this study applies the image attribute transfer method based on deep learning approach to solve the problem of acousto-optic image matching, the core of which is to eliminate the imaging differences between them as much as possible. At the same time, the advanced local feature descriptor is introduced to solve the challenging acousto-optic matching problem. Experimental results show that our proposed method could preprocess acousto-optic images effectively and obtain accurate matching results. Additionally, the method is based on the combination of image depth semantic layer, and it could indirectly display the local feature matching relationship between original image pair, which provides a new solution to the underwater multi-sensor image matching problem.      
### 12.DAE-GAN: Dynamic Aspect-aware GAN for Text-to-Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12141.pdf)
>  Text-to-image synthesis refers to generating an image from a given text description, the key goal of which lies in photo realism and semantic consistency. Previous methods usually generate an initial image with sentence embedding and then refine it with fine-grained word embedding. Despite the significant progress, the 'aspect' information (e.g., red eyes) contained in the text, referring to several words rather than a word that depicts 'a particular part or feature of something', is often ignored, which is highly helpful for synthesizing image details. How to make better utilization of aspect information in text-to-image synthesis still remains an unresolved challenge. To address this problem, in this paper, we propose a Dynamic Aspect-awarE GAN (DAE-GAN) that represents text information comprehensively from multiple granularities, including sentence-level, word-level, and aspect-level. Moreover, inspired by human learning behaviors, we develop a novel Aspect-aware Dynamic Re-drawer (ADR) for image refinement, in which an Attended Global Refinement (AGR) module and an Aspect-aware Local Refinement (ALR) module are alternately employed. AGR utilizes word-level embedding to globally enhance the previously generated image, while ALR dynamically employs aspect-level embedding to refine image details from a local perspective. Finally, a corresponding matching loss function is designed to ensure the text-image semantic consistency at different levels. Extensive experiments on two well-studied and publicly available datasets (i.e., CUB-200 and COCO) demonstrate the superiority and rationality of our method.      
### 13.Densely-Populated Traffic Detection using YOLOv5 and Non-Maximum Suppression Ensembling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12118.pdf)
>  Vehicular object detection is the heart of any intelligent traffic system. It is essential for urban traffic management. R-CNN, Fast R-CNN, Faster R-CNN and YOLO were some of the earlier state-of-the-art models. Region based CNN methods have the problem of higher inference time which makes it unrealistic to use the model in real-time. YOLO on the other hand struggles to detect small objects that appear in groups. In this paper, we propose a method that can locate and classify vehicular objects from a given densely crowded image using YOLOv5. The shortcoming of YOLO was solved my ensembling 4 different models. Our proposed model performs well on images taken from both top view and side view of the street in both day and night. The performance of our proposed model was measured on Dhaka AI dataset which contains densely crowded vehicular images. Our experiment shows that our model achieved mAP@0.5 of 0.458 with inference time of 0.75 sec which outperforms other state-of-the-art models on performance. Hence, the model can be implemented in the street for real-time traffic detection which can be used for traffic control and data collection.      
### 14.Recognition Awareness: An Application of Latent Cognizance to Open-Set Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12115.pdf)
>  This study investigates an application of a new probabilistic interpretation of a softmax output to Open-Set Recognition (OSR). Softmax is a mechanism wildly used in classification and object recognition. <br>However, a softmax mechanism forces a model to operate under a closed-set paradigm, i.e., to predict an object class out of a set of pre-defined labels. <br>This characteristic contributes to efficacy in classification, but poses a risk of non-sense prediction in object recognition. <br>Object recognition is often operated under a dynamic and diverse condition. <br>A foreign object -- an object of any unprepared class -- can be encountered at any time. <br>OSR is intended to address an issue of identifying a foreign object in object recognition. <br>Based on Bayes theorem and the emphasis of conditioning on the context, softmax inference has been re-interpreted. <br>This re-interpretation has led to a new approach to OSR, called Latent Cognizance (LC). Our investigation employs various scenarios, using Imagenet 2012 dataset as well as fooling and open-set images. The findings support LC hypothesis and show its effectiveness on OSR.      
### 15.Binocular Mutual Learning for Improving Few-shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12104.pdf)
>  Most of the few-shot learning methods learn to transfer knowledge from datasets with abundant labeled data (i.e., the base set). From the perspective of class space on base set, existing methods either focus on utilizing all classes under a global view by normal pretraining, or pay more attention to adopt an episodic manner to train meta-tasks within few classes in a local view. However, the interaction of the two views is rarely explored. As the two views capture complementary information, we naturally think of the compatibility of them for achieving further performance gains. Inspired by the mutual learning paradigm and binocular parallax, we propose a unified framework, namely Binocular Mutual Learning (BML), which achieves the compatibility of the global view and the local view through both intra-view and cross-view modeling. Concretely, the global view learns in the whole class space to capture rich inter-class relationships. Meanwhile, the local view learns in the local class space within each episode, focusing on matching positive pairs correctly. In addition, cross-view mutual interaction further promotes the collaborative learning and the implicit exploration of useful knowledge from each other. During meta-test, binocular embeddings are aggregated together to support decision-making, which greatly improve the accuracy of classification. Extensive experiments conducted on multiple benchmarks including cross-domain validation confirm the effectiveness of our method.      
### 16.FOVEA: Foveated Image Magnification for Autonomous Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12102.pdf)
>  Efficient processing of high-resolution video streams is safety-critical for many robotics applications such as autonomous driving. Image downsampling is a commonly adopted technique to ensure the latency constraint is met. However, this naive approach greatly restricts an object detector's capability to identify small objects. In this paper, we propose an attentional approach that elastically magnifies certain regions while maintaining a small input canvas. The magnified regions are those that are believed to have a high probability of containing an object, whose signal can come from a dataset-wide prior or frame-level prior computed from recent object predictions. The magnification is implemented by a KDE-based mapping to transform the bounding boxes into warping parameters, which are then fed into an image sampler with anti-cropping regularization. The detector is then fed with the warped image and we apply a differentiable backward mapping to get bounding box outputs in the original space. Our regional magnification allows algorithms to make better use of high-resolution input without incurring the cost of high-resolution processing. On the autonomous driving datasets Argoverse-HD and BDD100K, we show our proposed method boosts the detection AP over standard Faster R-CNN, with and without finetuning. Additionally, building on top of the previous state-of-the-art in streaming detection, our method sets a new record for streaming AP on Argoverse-HD (from 17.8 to 23.0 on a GTX 1080 Ti GPU), suggesting that it has achieved a superior accuracy-latency tradeoff.      
### 17.Detection and Continual Learning of Novel Face Presentation Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12081.pdf)
>  Advances in deep learning, combined with availability of large datasets, have led to impressive improvements in face presentation attack detection research. However, state-of-the-art face antispoofing systems are still vulnerable to novel types of attacks that are never seen during training. Moreover, even if such attacks are correctly detected, these systems lack the ability to adapt to newly encountered attacks. The post-training ability of continually detecting new types of attacks and self-adaptation to identify these attack types, after the initial detection phase, is highly appealing. In this paper, we enable a deep neural network to detect anomalies in the observed input data points as potential new types of attacks by suppressing the confidence-level of the network outside the training samples' distribution. We then use experience replay to update the model to incorporate knowledge about new types of attacks without forgetting the past learned attack types. Experimental results are provided to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method on two benchmark datasets as well as a newly introduced dataset which exhibits a large variety of attack types.      
### 18.Matching Underwater Sonar Images by the Learned Descriptor Based on Style Transfer Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12072.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a method that combines the style transfer technique and the learned descriptor to enhance the matching performances of underwater sonar images. In the field of underwater vision, sonar is currently the most effective long-distance detection sensor, it has excellent performances in map building and target search tasks. However, the traditional image matching algorithms are all developed based on optical images. In order to solve this contradiction, the style transfer method is used to convert the sonar images into optical styles, and at the same time, the learned descriptor with excellent expressiveness for sonar images matching is introduced. Experiments show that this method significantly enhances the matching quality of sonar images. In addition, it also provides new ideas for the preprocessing of underwater sonar images by using the style transfer approach.      
### 19.An Automatic Image Content Retrieval Method for better Mobile Device Display User Experiences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12068.pdf)
>  A growing number of commercially available mobile phones come with integrated high-resolution digital cameras. That enables a new class of dedicated applications to image analysis such as mobile visual search, image cropping, object detection, content-based image retrieval, image classification. In this paper, a new mobile application for image content retrieval and classification for mobile device display is proposed to enrich the visual experience of users. The mobile application can extract a certain number of images based on the content of an image with visual saliency methods aiming at detecting the most critical regions in a given image from a perceptual viewpoint. First, the most critical areas from a perceptual perspective are extracted using the local maxima of a 2D saliency function. Next, a salient region is cropped using the bounding box centred on the local maxima of the thresholded Saliency Map of the image. Then, each image crop feds into an Image Classification system based on SVM and SIFT descriptors to detect the class of object present in the image. ImageNet repository was used as the reference for semantic category classification. Android platform was used to implement the mobile application on a client-server architecture. A mobile client sends the photo taken by the camera to the server, which processes the image and returns the results (image contents such as image crops and related target classes) to the mobile client. The application was run on thousands of pictures and showed encouraging results towards a better user visual experience with mobile displays.      
### 20.A Tutorial on Learning Disentangled Representations in the Imaging Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12043.pdf)
>  Disentangled representation learning has been proposed as an approach to learning general representations. This can be done in the absence of, or with limited, annotations. A good general representation can be readily fine-tuned for new target tasks using modest amounts of data, or even be used directly in unseen domains achieving remarkable performance in the corresponding task. This alleviation of the data and annotation requirements offers tantalising prospects for tractable and affordable applications in computer vision and healthcare. Finally, disentangled representations can offer model explainability and can help us understand the underlying causal relations of the factors of variation, increasing their suitability for real-world deployment. In this tutorial paper, we will offer an overview of the disentangled representation learning, its building blocks and criteria, and discuss applications in computer vision and medical imaging. We conclude our tutorial by presenting the identified opportunities for the integration of recent machine learning advances into disentanglement, as well as the remaining challenges.      
### 21.Drop-DTW: Aligning Common Signal Between Sequences While Dropping Outliers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11996.pdf)
>  In this work, we consider the problem of sequence-to-sequence alignment for signals containing outliers. Assuming the absence of outliers, the standard Dynamic Time Warping (DTW) algorithm efficiently computes the optimal alignment between two (generally) variable-length sequences. While DTW is robust to temporal shifts and dilations of the signal, it fails to align sequences in a meaningful way in the presence of outliers that can be arbitrarily interspersed in the sequences. To address this problem, we introduce Drop-DTW, a novel algorithm that aligns the common signal between the sequences while automatically dropping the outlier elements from the matching. The entire procedure is implemented as a single dynamic program that is efficient and fully differentiable. In our experiments, we show that Drop-DTW is a robust similarity measure for sequence retrieval and demonstrate its effectiveness as a training loss on diverse applications. With Drop-DTW, we address temporal step localization on instructional videos, representation learning from noisy videos, and cross-modal representation learning for audio-visual retrieval and localization. In all applications, we take a weakly- or unsupervised approach and demonstrate state-of-the-art results under these settings.      
### 22.Learning Cross-modal Contrastive Features for Video Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11974.pdf)
>  Learning transferable and domain adaptive feature representations from videos is important for video-relevant tasks such as action recognition. Existing video domain adaptation methods mainly rely on adversarial feature alignment, which has been derived from the RGB image space. However, video data is usually associated with multi-modal information, e.g., RGB and optical flow, and thus it remains a challenge to design a better method that considers the cross-modal inputs under the cross-domain adaptation setting. To this end, we propose a unified framework for video domain adaptation, which simultaneously regularizes cross-modal and cross-domain feature representations. Specifically, we treat each modality in a domain as a view and leverage the contrastive learning technique with properly designed sampling strategies. As a result, our objectives regularize feature spaces, which originally lack the connection across modalities or have less alignment across domains. We conduct experiments on domain adaptive action recognition benchmark datasets, i.e., UCF, HMDB, and EPIC-Kitchens, and demonstrate the effectiveness of our components against state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 23.SynthIA: A Synthetic Inversion Approximation for the Stokes Vector Fusing SDO and Hinode into a Virtual Observatory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12421.pdf)
>  Both NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) and the JAXA/NASA Hinode mission include spectropolarimetric instruments designed to measure the photospheric magnetic field. SDO's Helioseismic and Magnetic Imager (HMI) emphasizes full-disk high-cadence and good spatial resolution data acquisition while Hinode's Solar Optical Telescope Spectro-Polarimeter (SOT-SP) focuses on high spatial resolution and spectral sampling at the cost of a limited field of view and slower temporal cadence. This work introduces a deep-learning system named SynthIA (Synthetic Inversion Approximation), that can enhance both missions by capturing the best of each instrument's characteristics. We use SynthIA to produce a new magnetogram data product, SynodeP (Synthetic Hinode Pipeline), that mimics magnetograms from the higher spectral resolution Hinode/SOT-SP pipeline, but is derived from full-disk, high-cadence, and lower spectral-resolution SDO/HMI Stokes observations. Results on held-out data show that SynodeP has good agreement with the Hinode/SOT-SP pipeline inversions, including magnetic fill fraction, which is not provided by the current SDO/HMI pipeline. SynodeP further shows a reduction in the magnitude of the 24-hour oscillations present in the SDO/HMI data. To demonstrate SynthIA's generality, we show the use of SDO/AIA data and subsets of the HMI data as inputs, which enables trade-offs between fidelity to the Hinode/SOT-SP inversions, number of observations used, and temporal artifacts. We discuss possible generalizations of SynthIA and its implications for space weather modeling. This work is part of the NASA Heliophysics DRIVE Science Center (SOLSTICE) at the University of Michigan under grant NASA 80NSSC20K0600E, and will be open-sourced.      
### 24.A Novel Hierarchical Light Field Coding Scheme Based on Hybrid Stacked Multiplicative Layers and Fourier Disparity Layers for Glasses-Free 3D Displays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12399.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel hierarchical coding scheme for light fields based on transmittance patterns of low-rank multiplicative layers and Fourier disparity layers. The proposed scheme identifies multiplicative layers of light field view subsets optimized using a convolutional neural network for different scanning orders. Our approach exploits the hidden low-rank structure in the multiplicative layers obtained from the subsets of different scanning patterns. The spatial redundancies in the multiplicative layers can be efficiently removed by performing low-rank approximation at different ranks on the Krylov subspace. The intra-view and inter-view redundancies between approximated layers are further removed by HEVC encoding. Next, a Fourier disparity layer representation is constructed from the first subset of the approximated light field based on the chosen hierarchical order. Subsequent view subsets are synthesized by modeling the Fourier disparity layers that iteratively refine the representation with improved accuracy. The critical advantage of the proposed hybrid layered representation and coding scheme is that it utilizes not just spatial and temporal redundancies in light fields but efficiently exploits intrinsic similarities among neighboring sub-aperture images in both horizontal and vertical directions as specified by different predication orders. In addition, the scheme is flexible to realize a range of multiple bitrates at the decoder within a single integrated system. The compression performance of the proposed scheme is analyzed on real light fields. We achieved substantial bitrate savings and maintained good light field reconstruction quality.      
### 25.Lifelong Infinite Mixture Model Based on Knowledge-Driven Dirichlet Process  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12278.pdf)
>  Recent research efforts in lifelong learning propose to grow a mixture of models to adapt to an increasing number of tasks. The proposed methodology shows promising results in overcoming catastrophic forgetting. However, the theory behind these successful models is still not well understood. In this paper, we perform the theoretical analysis for lifelong learning models by deriving the risk bounds based on the discrepancy distance between the probabilistic representation of data generated by the model and that corresponding to the target dataset. Inspired by the theoretical analysis, we introduce a new lifelong learning approach, namely the Lifelong Infinite Mixture (LIMix) model, which can automatically expand its network architectures or choose an appropriate component to adapt its parameters for learning a new task, while preserving its previously learnt information. We propose to incorporate the knowledge by means of Dirichlet processes by using a gating mechanism which computes the dependence between the knowledge learnt previously and stored in each component, and a new set of data. Besides, we train a compact Student model which can accumulate cross-domain representations over time and make quick inferences. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dtuzi123/Lifelong-infinite-mixture-model" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.CoCo DistillNet: a Cross-layer Correlation Distillation Network for Pathological Gastric Cancer Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12173.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep convolutional neural networks have made significant advances in pathology image segmentation. However, pathology image segmentation encounters with a dilemma in which the higher-performance networks generally require more computational resources and storage. This phenomenon limits the employment of high-accuracy networks in real scenes due to the inherent high-resolution of pathological images. To tackle this problem, we propose CoCo DistillNet, a novel Cross-layer Correlation (CoCo) knowledge distillation network for pathological gastric cancer segmentation. Knowledge distillation, a general technique which aims at improving the performance of a compact network through knowledge transfer from a cumbersome network. Concretely, our CoCo DistillNet models the correlations of channel-mixed spatial similarity between different layers and then transfers this knowledge from a pre-trained cumbersome teacher network to a non-trained compact student network. In addition, we also utilize the adversarial learning strategy to further prompt the distilling procedure which is called Adversarial Distillation (AD). Furthermore, to stabilize our training procedure, we make the use of the unsupervised Paraphraser Module (PM) to boost the knowledge paraphrase in the teacher network. As a result, extensive experiments conducted on the Gastric Cancer Segmentation Dataset demonstrate the prominent ability of CoCo DistillNet which achieves state-of-the-art performance.      
### 27.LassoLayer: Nonlinear Feature Selection by Switching One-to-one Links  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12165.pdf)
>  Along with the desire to address more complex problems, feature selection methods have gained in importance. Feature selection methods can be classified into wrapper method, filter method, and embedded method. Being a powerful embedded feature selection method, Lasso has attracted the attention of many researchers. However, as a linear approach, the applicability of Lasso has been limited. In this work, we propose LassoLayer that is one-to-one connected and trained by L1 optimization, which work to drop out unnecessary units for prediction. For nonlinear feature selections, we build LassoMLP: the network equipped with LassoLayer as its first layer. Because we can insert LassoLayer in any network structure, it can harness the strength of neural network suitable for tasks where feature selection is needed. We evaluate LassoMLP in feature selection with regression and classification tasks. LassoMLP receives features including considerable numbers of noisy factors that is harmful for overfitting. In the experiments using MNIST dataset, we confirm that LassoMLP outperforms the state-of-the-art method.      
### 28.Deep Denoising Method for Side Scan Sonar Images without High-quality Reference Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12083.pdf)
>  Subsea images measured by the side scan sonars (SSSs) are necessary visual data in the process of deep-sea exploration by using the autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs). They could vividly reflect the topography of the seabed, but usually accompanied by complex and severe noise. This paper proposes a deep denoising method for SSS images without high-quality reference data, which uses one single noise SSS image to perform self-supervised denoising. Compared with the classical artificially designed filters, the deep denoising method shows obvious advantages. The denoising experiments are performed on the real seabed SSS images, and the results demonstrate that our proposed method could effectively reduce the noise on the SSS image while minimizing the image quality and detail loss.      
### 29.Predicting Stable Configurations for Semantic Placement of Novel Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12062.pdf)
>  Human environments contain numerous objects configured in a variety of arrangements. Our goal is to enable robots to repose previously unseen objects according to learned semantic relationships in novel environments. We break this problem down into two parts: (1) finding physically valid locations for the objects and (2) determining if those poses satisfy learned, high-level semantic relationships. We build our models and training from the ground up to be tightly integrated with our proposed planning algorithm for semantic placement of unknown objects. We train our models purely in simulation, with no fine-tuning needed for use in the real world. Our approach enables motion planning for semantic rearrangement of unknown objects in scenes with varying geometry from only RGB-D sensing. Our experiments through a set of simulated ablations demonstrate that using a relational classifier alone is not sufficient for reliable planning. We further demonstrate the ability of our planner to generate and execute diverse manipulation plans through a set of real-world experiments with a variety of objects.      
### 30.Continual learning under domain transfer with sparse synaptic bursting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12056.pdf)
>  Existing machines are functionally specific tools that were made for easy prediction and control. Tomorrow's machines may be closer to biological systems in their mutability, resilience, and autonomy. But first they must be capable of learning, and retaining, new information without repeated exposure to it. Past efforts to engineer such systems have sought to build or regulate artificial neural networks using task-specific modules with constrained circumstances of application. This has not yet enabled continual learning over long sequences of previously unseen data without corrupting existing knowledge: a problem known as catastrophic forgetting. In this paper, we introduce a system that can learn sequentially over previously unseen datasets (ImageNet, CIFAR-100) with little forgetting over time. This is accomplished by regulating the activity of weights in a convolutional neural network on the basis of inputs using top-down modulation generated by a second feed-forward neural network. We find that our method learns continually under domain transfer with sparse bursts of activity in weights that are recycled across tasks, rather than by maintaining task-specific modules. Sparse synaptic bursting is found to balance enhanced and diminished activity in a way that facilitates adaptation to new inputs without corrupting previously acquired functions. This behavior emerges during a prior meta-learning phase in which regulated synapses are selectively disinhibited, or grown, from an initial state of uniform suppression.      
### 31.Ultrafast Focus Detection for Automated Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12050.pdf)
>  Recent advances in scientific instruments have resulted in dramatic increase in the volumes and velocities of data being generated in every-day laboratories. Scanning electron microscopy is one such example where technological advancements are now overwhelming scientists with critical data for montaging, alignment, and image segmentation -- key practices for many scientific domains, including, for example, neuroscience, where they are used to derive the anatomical relationships of the brain. These instruments now necessitate equally advanced computing resources and techniques to realize their full potential. Here we present a fast out-of-focus detection algorithm for electron microscopy images collected serially and demonstrate that it can be used to provide near-real time quality control for neurology research. Our technique, Multi-scale Histologic Feature Detection, adapts classical computer vision techniques and is based on detecting various fine-grained histologic features. We further exploit the inherent parallelism in the technique by employing GPGPU primitives in order to accelerate characterization. Tests are performed that demonstrate near-real-time detection of out-of-focus conditions. We deploy these capabilities as a funcX function and show that it can be applied as data are collected using an automated pipeline . We discuss extensions that enable scaling out to support multi-beam microscopes and integration with existing focus systems for purposes of implementing auto-focus.      
### 32.Evaluating Transformer based Semantic Segmentation Networks for Pathological Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11993.pdf)
>  Histopathology has played an essential role in cancer diagnosis. With the rapid advances in convolutional neural networks (CNN). Various CNN-based automated pathological image segmentation approaches have been developed in computer-assisted pathological image analysis. In the past few years, Transformer neural networks (Transformer) have shown the unique merit of capturing the global long distance dependencies across the entire image as a new deep learning paradigm. Such merit is appealing for exploring spatially heterogeneous pathological images. However, there have been very few, if any, studies that have systematically evaluated the current Transformer based approaches in pathological image segmentation. To assess the performance of Transformer segmentation models on whole slide images (WSI), we quantitatively evaluated six prevalent transformer-based models on tumor segmentation, using the widely used PAIP liver histopathological dataset. For a more comprehensive analysis, we also compare the transformer-based models with six major traditional CNN-based models. The results show that the Transformer-based models exhibit a general superior performance over the CNN-based models. In particular, Segmenter, Swin-Transformer and TransUNet, all transformer-based, came out as the best performers among the twelve evaluated models.      
### 33.Anomaly Detection in Medical Imaging -- A Mini Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11986.pdf)
>  The increasing digitization of medical imaging enables machine learning based improvements in detecting, visualizing and segmenting lesions, easing the workload for medical experts. However, supervised machine learning requires reliable labelled data, which is is often difficult or impossible to collect or at least time consuming and thereby costly. Therefore methods requiring only partly labeled data (semi-supervised) or no labeling at all (unsupervised methods) have been applied more regularly. Anomaly detection is one possible methodology that is able to leverage semi-supervised and unsupervised methods to handle medical imaging tasks like classification and segmentation. This paper uses a semi-exhaustive literature review of relevant anomaly detection papers in medical imaging to cluster into applications, highlight important results, establish lessons learned and give further advice on how to approach anomaly detection in medical imaging. The qualitative analysis is based on google scholar and 4 different search terms, resulting in 120 different analysed papers. The main results showed that the current research is mostly motivated by reducing the need for labelled data. Also, the successful and substantial amount of research in the brain MRI domain shows the potential for applications in further domains like OCT and chest X-ray.      
