# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 26 Aug 2021
### 1.CDCGen: Cross-Domain Conditional Generation via Normalizing Flows and Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11368.pdf)
>  How to generate conditional synthetic data for a domain without utilizing information about its labels/attributes? Our work presents a solution to the above question. We propose a transfer learning-based framework utilizing normalizing flows, coupled with both maximum-likelihood and adversarial training. We model a source domain (labels available) and a target domain (labels unavailable) with individual normalizing flows, and perform domain alignment to a common latent space using adversarial discriminators. Due to the invertible property of flow models, the mapping has exact cycle consistency. We also learn the joint distribution of the data samples and attributes in the source domain by employing an encoder to map attributes to the latent space via adversarial training. During the synthesis phase, given any combination of attributes, our method can generate synthetic samples conditioned on them in the target domain. Empirical studies confirm the effectiveness of our method on benchmarked datasets. We envision our method to be particularly useful for synthetic data generation in label-scarce systems by generating non-trivial augmentations via attribute transformations. These synthetic samples will introduce more entropy into the label-scarce domain than their geometric and photometric transformation counterparts, helpful for robust downstream tasks.      
### 2.Blind Image Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11364.pdf)
>  We present and study a novel task named Blind Image Decomposition (BID), which requires separating a superimposed image into constituent underlying images in a blind setting, that is, both the source components involved in mixing as well as the mixing mechanism are unknown. For example, rain may consist of multiple components, such as rain streaks, raindrops, snow, and haze. Rainy images can be treated as an arbitrary combination of these components, some of them or all of them. How to decompose superimposed images, like rainy images, into distinct source components is a crucial step towards real-world vision systems. To facilitate research on this new task, we construct three benchmark datasets, including mixed image decomposition across multiple domains, real-scenario deraining, and joint shadow/reflection/watermark removal. Moreover, we propose a simple yet general Blind Image Decomposition Network (BIDeN) to serve as a strong baseline for future work. Experimental results demonstrate the tenability of our benchmarks and the effectiveness of BIDeN. Code and project page are available.      
### 3.Multi-Task Self-Training for Learning General Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11353.pdf)
>  Despite the fast progress in training specialized models for various tasks, learning a single general model that works well for many tasks is still challenging for computer vision. Here we introduce multi-task self-training (MuST), which harnesses the knowledge in independent specialized teacher models (e.g., ImageNet model on classification) to train a single general student model. Our approach has three steps. First, we train specialized teachers independently on labeled datasets. We then use the specialized teachers to label an unlabeled dataset to create a multi-task pseudo labeled dataset. Finally, the dataset, which now contains pseudo labels from teacher models trained on different datasets/tasks, is then used to train a student model with multi-task learning. We evaluate the feature representations of the student model on 6 vision tasks including image recognition (classification, detection, segmentation)and 3D geometry estimation (depth and surface normal estimation). MuST is scalable with unlabeled or partially labeled datasets and outperforms both specialized supervised models and self-supervised models when training on large scale datasets. Lastly, we show MuST can improve upon already strong checkpoints trained with billions of examples. The results suggest self-training is a promising direction to aggregate labeled and unlabeled training data for learning general feature representations.      
### 4.CSG-Stump: A Learning Friendly CSG-Like Representation for Interpretable Shape Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11305.pdf)
>  Generating an interpretable and compact representation of 3D shapes from point clouds is an important and challenging problem. This paper presents CSG-Stump Net, an unsupervised end-to-end network for learning shapes from point clouds and discovering the underlying constituent modeling primitives and operations as well. At the core is a three-level structure called {\em CSG-Stump}, consisting of a complement layer at the bottom, an intersection layer in the middle, and a union layer at the top. CSG-Stump is proven to be equivalent to CSG in terms of representation, therefore inheriting the interpretable, compact and editable nature of CSG while freeing from CSG's complex tree structures. Particularly, the CSG-Stump has a simple and regular structure, allowing neural networks to give outputs of a constant dimensionality, which makes itself deep-learning friendly. Due to these characteristics of CSG-Stump, CSG-Stump Net achieves superior results compared to previous CSG-based methods and generates much more appealing shapes, as confirmed by extensive experiments. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://kimren227.github.io/projects/CSGStump/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 5.Fully Non-Homogeneous Atmospheric Scattering Modeling with Convolutional Neural Networks for Single Image Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11292.pdf)
>  In recent years, single image dehazing models (SIDM) based on atmospheric scattering model (ASM) have achieved remarkable results. However, it is noted that ASM-based SIDM degrades its performance in dehazing real world hazy images due to the limited modelling ability of ASM where the atmospheric light factor (ALF) and the angular scattering coefficient (ASC) are assumed as constants for one image. Obviously, the hazy images taken in real world cannot always satisfy this assumption. Such generating modelling mismatch between the real-world images and ASM sets up the upper bound of trained ASM-based SIDM for dehazing. Bearing this in mind, in this study, a new fully non-homogeneous atmospheric scattering model (FNH-ASM) is proposed for well modeling the hazy images under complex conditions where ALF and ASC are pixel dependent. However, FNH-ASM brings difficulty in practical application. In FNH-ASM based SIDM, the estimation bias of parameters at different positions lead to different distortion of dehazing result. Hence, in order to reduce the influence of parameter estimation bias on dehazing results, two new cost sensitive loss functions, beta-Loss and D-Loss, are innovatively developed for limiting the parameter bias of sensitive positions that have a greater impact on the dehazing result. In the end, based on FNH-ASM, an end-to-end CNN-based dehazing network, FNHD-Net, is developed, which applies beta-Loss and D-Loss. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of our proposed FNHD-Net for dehazing on both synthetic and real-world images. And the performance improvement of our method increases more obviously in dense and heterogeneous haze scenes.      
### 6.Automatic Feature Highlighting in Noisy RES Data With CycleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11283.pdf)
>  Radio echo sounding (RES) is a common technique used in subsurface glacial imaging, which provides insight into the underlying rock and ice. However, systematic noise is introduced into the data during collection, complicating interpretation of the results. Researchers most often use a combination of manual interpretation and filtering techniques to denoise data; however, these processes are time intensive and inconsistent. Fully Convolutional Networks have been proposed as an automated alternative to identify layer boundaries in radargrams. However, they require high-quality manually processed training data and struggle to interpolate data in noisy samples (Varshney et al. 2020). <br>Herein, the authors propose a GAN based model to interpolate layer boundaries through noise and highlight layers in two-dimensional glacial RES data. In real-world noisy images, filtering often results in loss of data such that interpolating layer boundaries is nearly impossible. Furthermore, traditional machine learning approaches are not suited to this task because of the lack of paired data, so we employ an unpaired image-to-image translation model. For this model, we create a synthetic dataset to represent the domain of images with clear, highlighted layers and use an existing real-world RES dataset as our noisy domain. <br>We implement a CycleGAN trained on these two domains to highlight layers in noisy images that can interpolate effectively without significant loss of structure or fidelity. Though the current implementation is not a perfect solution, the model clearly highlights layers in noisy data and allows researchers to determine layer size and position without mathematical filtering, manual processing, or ground-truth images for training. This is significant because clean images generated by our model enable subsurface researchers to determine glacial layer thickness more efficiently.      
### 7.Deep few-shot learning for bi-temporal building change detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11262.pdf)
>  In real-world applications (e.g., change detection), annotating images is very expensive. To build effective deep learning models in these applications, deep few-shot learning methods have been developed and prove to be a robust approach in small training data. The analysis of building change detection from high spatial resolution remote sensing observations is important research in photogrammetry, computer vision, and remote sensing nowadays, which can be widely used in a variety of real-world applications, such as map updating. As manual high resolution image interpretation is expensive and time-consuming, building change detection methods are of high interest. The interest in developing building change detection approaches from optical remote sensing images is rapidly increasing due to larger coverages, and lower costs of optical images. In this study, we focus on building change detection analysis on a small set of building change from different regions that sit in several cities. In this paper, a new deep few-shot learning method is proposed for building change detection using Monte Carlo dropout and remote sensing observations. The setup is based on a small dataset, including bitemporal optical images labeled for building change detection.      
### 8.YOLOP: You Only Look Once for Panoptic Driving Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11250.pdf)
>  A panoptic driving perception system is an essential part of autonomous driving. A high-precision and real-time perception system can assist the vehicle in making the reasonable decision while driving. We present a panoptic driving perception network (YOLOP) to perform traffic object detection, drivable area segmentation and lane detection simultaneously. It is composed of one encoder for feature extraction and three decoders to handle the specific tasks. Our model performs extremely well on the challenging BDD100K dataset, achieving state-of-the-art on all three tasks in terms of accuracy and speed. Besides, we verify the effectiveness of our multi-task learning model for joint training via ablative studies. To our best knowledge, this is the first work that can process these three visual perception tasks simultaneously in real-time on an embedded device Jetson TX2(23 FPS) and maintain excellent accuracy. To facilitate further research, the source codes and pre-trained models will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hustvl/YOLOP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.Generalize then Adapt: Source-Free Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11249.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (DA) has gained substantial interest in semantic segmentation. However, almost all prior arts assume concurrent access to both labeled source and unlabeled target, making them unsuitable for scenarios demanding source-free adaptation. In this work, we enable source-free DA by partitioning the task into two: a) source-only domain generalization and b) source-free target adaptation. Towards the former, we provide theoretical insights to develop a multi-head framework trained with a virtually extended multi-source dataset, aiming to balance generalization and specificity. Towards the latter, we utilize the multi-head framework to extract reliable target pseudo-labels for self-training. Additionally, we introduce a novel conditional prior-enforcing auto-encoder that discourages spatial irregularities, thereby enhancing the pseudo-label quality. Experiments on the standard GTA5-to-Cityscapes and SYNTHIA-to-Cityscapes benchmarks show our superiority even against the non-source-free prior-arts. Further, we show our compatibility with online adaptation enabling deployment in a sequentially changing environment.      
### 10.Multiscale Spatio-Temporal Graph Neural Networks for 3D Skeleton-Based Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11244.pdf)
>  We propose a multiscale spatio-temporal graph neural network (MST-GNN) to predict the future 3D skeleton-based human poses in an action-category-agnostic manner. The core of MST-GNN is a multiscale spatio-temporal graph that explicitly models the relations in motions at various spatial and temporal scales. Different from many previous hierarchical structures, our multiscale spatio-temporal graph is built in a data-adaptive fashion, which captures nonphysical, yet motion-based relations. The key module of MST-GNN is a multiscale spatio-temporal graph computational unit (MST-GCU) based on the trainable graph structure. MST-GCU embeds underlying features at individual scales and then fuses features across scales to obtain a comprehensive representation. The overall architecture of MST-GNN follows an encoder-decoder framework, where the encoder consists of a sequence of MST-GCUs to learn the spatial and temporal features of motions, and the decoder uses a graph-based attention gate recurrent unit (GA-GRU) to generate future poses. Extensive experiments are conducted to show that the proposed MST-GNN outperforms state-of-the-art methods in both short and long-term motion prediction on the datasets of Human 3.6M, CMU Mocap and 3DPW, where MST-GNN outperforms previous works by 5.33% and 3.67% of mean angle errors in average for short-term and long-term prediction on Human 3.6M, and by 11.84% and 4.71% of mean angle errors for short-term and long-term prediction on CMU Mocap, and by 1.13% of mean angle errors on 3DPW in average, respectively. We further investigate the learned multiscale graphs for interpretability.      
### 11.Multi-domain semantic segmentation with overlapping labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11224.pdf)
>  Deep supervised models have an unprecedented capacity to absorb large quantities of training data. Hence, training on many datasets becomes a method of choice towards graceful degradation in unusual scenes. Unfortunately, different datasets often use incompatible labels. For instance, the Cityscapes road class subsumes all driving surfaces, while Vistas defines separate classes for road markings, manholes etc. We address this challenge by proposing a principled method for seamless learning on datasets with overlapping classes based on partial labels and probabilistic loss. Our method achieves competitive within-dataset and cross-dataset generalization, as well as ability to learn visual concepts which are not separately labeled in any of the training datasets. Experiments reveal competitive or state-of-the-art performance on two multi-domain dataset collections and on the WildDash 2 benchmark.      
### 12.Lizard: A Large-Scale Dataset for Colonic Nuclear Instance Segmentation and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11195.pdf)
>  The development of deep segmentation models for computational pathology (CPath) can help foster the investigation of interpretable morphological biomarkers. Yet, there is a major bottleneck in the success of such approaches because supervised deep learning models require an abundance of accurately labelled data. This issue is exacerbated in the field of CPath because the generation of detailed annotations usually demands the input of a pathologist to be able to distinguish between different tissue constructs and nuclei. Manually labelling nuclei may not be a feasible approach for collecting large-scale annotated datasets, especially when a single image region can contain thousands of different cells. However, solely relying on automatic generation of annotations will limit the accuracy and reliability of ground truth. Therefore, to help overcome the above challenges, we propose a multi-stage annotation pipeline to enable the collection of large-scale datasets for histology image analysis, with pathologist-in-the-loop refinement steps. Using this pipeline, we generate the largest known nuclear instance segmentation and classification dataset, containing nearly half a million labelled nuclei in H&amp;E stained colon tissue. We have released the dataset and encourage the research community to utilise it to drive forward the development of downstream cell-based models in CPath.      
### 13.Recall@k Surrogate Loss with Large Batches and Similarity Mixup  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11179.pdf)
>  Direct optimization, by gradient descent, of an evaluation metric, is not possible when it is non-differentiable, which is the case for recall in retrieval. In this work, a differentiable surrogate loss for the recall is proposed. Using an implementation that sidesteps the hardware constraints of the GPU memory, the method trains with a very large batch size, which is essential for metrics computed on the entire retrieval database. It is assisted by an efficient mixup approach that operates on pairwise scalar similarities and virtually increases the batch size further. When used for deep metric learning, the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results in several image retrieval benchmarks. For instance-level recognition, the method outperforms similar approaches that train using an approximation of average precision. The implementation will be made public.      
### 14.Superpixel-guided Discriminative Low-rank Representation of Hyperspectral Images for Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11172.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel classification scheme for the remotely sensed hyperspectral image (HSI), namely SP-DLRR, by comprehensively exploring its unique characteristics, including the local spatial information and low-rankness. SP-DLRR is mainly composed of two modules, i.e., the classification-guided superpixel segmentation and the discriminative low-rank representation, which are iteratively conducted. Specifically, by utilizing the local spatial information and incorporating the predictions from a typical classifier, the first module segments pixels of an input HSI (or its restoration generated by the second module) into superpixels. According to the resulting superpixels, the pixels of the input HSI are then grouped into clusters and fed into our novel discriminative low-rank representation model with an effective numerical solution. Such a model is capable of increasing the intra-class similarity by suppressing the spectral variations locally while promoting the inter-class discriminability globally, leading to a restored HSI with more discriminative pixels. Experimental results on three benchmark datasets demonstrate the significant superiority of SP-DLRR over state-of-the-art methods, especially for the case with an extremely limited number of training pixels.      
### 15.Adversarially Robust One-class Novelty Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11168.pdf)
>  One-class novelty detectors are trained with examples of a particular class and are tasked with identifying whether a query example belongs to the same known class. Most recent advances adopt a deep auto-encoder style architecture to compute novelty scores for detecting novel class data. Deep networks have shown to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks, yet little focus is devoted to studying the adversarial robustness of deep novelty detectors. In this paper, we first show that existing novelty detectors are susceptible to adversarial examples. We further demonstrate that commonly-used defense approaches for classification tasks have limited effectiveness in one-class novelty detection. Hence, we need a defense specifically designed for novelty detection. To this end, we propose a defense strategy that manipulates the latent space of novelty detectors to improve the robustness against adversarial examples. The proposed method, referred to as Principal Latent Space (PLS), learns the incrementally-trained cascade principal components in the latent space to robustify novelty detectors. PLS can purify latent space against adversarial examples and constrain latent space to exclusively model the known class distribution. We conduct extensive experiments on multiple attacks, datasets and novelty detectors, showing that PLS consistently enhances the adversarial robustness of novelty detection models.      
### 16.Duo-SegNet: Adversarial Dual-Views for Semi-Supervised Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11154.pdf)
>  Segmentation of images is a long-standing challenge in medical AI. This is mainly due to the fact that training a neural network to perform image segmentation requires a significant number of pixel-level annotated data, which is often unavailable. To address this issue, we propose a semi-supervised image segmentation technique based on the concept of multi-view learning. In contrast to the previous art, we introduce an adversarial form of dual-view training and employ a critic to formulate the learning problem in multi-view training as a min-max problem. Thorough quantitative and qualitative evaluations on several datasets indicate that our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art medical image segmentation algorithms consistently and comfortably. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/himashi92/Duo-SegNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 17.A Unified Taxonomy and Multimodal Dataset for Events in Invasion Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11149.pdf)
>  The automatic detection of events in complex sports games like soccer and handball using positional or video data is of large interest in research and industry. One requirement is a fundamental understanding of underlying concepts, i.e., events that occur on the pitch. Previous work often deals only with so-called low-level events based on well-defined rules such as free kicks, free throws, or goals. High-level events, such as passes, are less frequently approached due to a lack of consistent definitions. This introduces a level of ambiguity that necessities careful validation when regarding event annotations. Yet, this validation step is usually neglected as the majority of studies adopt annotations from commercial providers on private datasets of unknown quality and focuses on soccer only. To address these issues, we present (1) a universal taxonomy that covers a wide range of low and high-level events for invasion games and is exemplarily refined to soccer and handball, and (2) release two multi-modal datasets comprising video and positional data with gold-standard annotations to foster research in fine-grained and ball-centered event spotting. Experiments on human performance demonstrate the robustness of the proposed taxonomy, and that disagreements and ambiguities in the annotation increase with the complexity of the event. An I3D model for video classification is adopted for event spotting and reveals the potential for benchmarking. Datasets are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mm4spa/eigd" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 18.Semantic Scene Segmentation for Robotics Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11128.pdf)
>  Semantic scene segmentation plays a critical role in a wide range of robotics applications, e.g., autonomous navigation. These applications are accompanied by specific computational restrictions, e.g., operation on low-power GPUs, at sufficient speed, and also for high-resolution input. Existing state-of-the-art segmentation models provide evaluation results under different setups and mainly considering high-power GPUs. In this paper, we investigate the behavior of the most successful semantic scene segmentation models, in terms of deployment (inference) speed, under various setups (GPUs, input sizes, etc.) in the context of robotics applications. The target of this work is to provide a comparative study of current state-of-the-art segmentation models so as to select the most compliant with the robotics applications requirements.      
### 19.AutoShape: Real-Time Shape-Aware Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11127.pdf)
>  Existing deep learning-based approaches for monocular 3D object detection in autonomous driving often model the object as a rotated 3D cuboid while the object's geometric shape has been ignored. In this work, we propose an approach for incorporating the shape-aware 2D/3D constraints into the 3D detection framework. Specifically, we employ the deep neural network to learn distinguished 2D keypoints in the 2D image domain and regress their corresponding 3D coordinates in the local 3D object coordinate first. Then the 2D/3D geometric constraints are built by these correspondences for each object to boost the detection performance. For generating the ground truth of 2D/3D keypoints, an automatic model-fitting approach has been proposed by fitting the deformed 3D object model and the object mask in the 2D image. The proposed framework has been verified on the public KITTI dataset and the experimental results demonstrate that by using additional geometrical constraints the detection performance has been significantly improved as compared to the baseline method. More importantly, the proposed framework achieves state-of-the-art performance with real time. Data and code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zongdai/AutoShape" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 20.Product-oriented Machine Translation with Cross-modal Cross-lingual Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11119.pdf)
>  Translating e-commercial product descriptions, a.k.a product-oriented machine translation (PMT), is essential to serve e-shoppers all over the world. However, due to the domain specialty, the PMT task is more challenging than traditional machine translation problems. Firstly, there are many specialized jargons in the product description, which are ambiguous to translate without the product image. Secondly, product descriptions are related to the image in more complicated ways than standard image descriptions, involving various visual aspects such as objects, shapes, colors or even subjective styles. Moreover, existing PMT datasets are small in scale to support the research. In this paper, we first construct a large-scale bilingual product description dataset called Fashion-MMT, which contains over 114k noisy and 40k manually cleaned description translations with multiple product images. To effectively learn semantic alignments among product images and bilingual texts in translation, we design a unified product-oriented cross-modal cross-lingual model (\upoc~) for pre-training and fine-tuning. Experiments on the Fashion-MMT and Multi30k datasets show that our model significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art models even pre-trained on the same dataset. It is also shown to benefit more from large-scale noisy data to improve the translation quality. We will release the dataset and codes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/syuqings/Fashion-MMT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.GlassNet: Label Decoupling-based Three-stream Neural Network for Robust Image Glass Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11117.pdf)
>  Most of the existing object detection methods generate poor glass detection results, due to the fact that the transparent glass shares the same appearance with arbitrary objects behind it in an image. Different from traditional deep learning-based wisdoms that simply use the object boundary as auxiliary supervision, we exploit label decoupling to decompose the original labeled ground-truth (GT) map into an interior-diffusion map and a boundary-diffusion map. The GT map in collaboration with the two newly generated maps breaks the imbalanced distribution of the object boundary, leading to improved glass detection quality. We have three key contributions to solve the transparent glass detection problem: (1) We propose a three-stream neural network (call GlassNet for short) to fully absorb beneficial features in the three maps. (2) We design a multi-scale interactive dilation module to explore a wider range of contextual information. (3) We develop an attention-based boundary-aware feature Mosaic module to integrate multi-modal information. Extensive experiments on the benchmark dataset exhibit clear improvements of our method over SOTAs, in terms of both the overall glass detection accuracy and boundary clearness.      
### 22.TransFER: Learning Relation-aware Facial Expression Representations with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11116.pdf)
>  Facial expression recognition (FER) has received increasing interest in computer vision. We propose the TransFER model which can learn rich relation-aware local representations. It mainly consists of three components: Multi-Attention Dropping (MAD), ViT-FER, and Multi-head Self-Attention Dropping (MSAD). First, local patches play an important role in distinguishing various expressions, however, few existing works can locate discriminative and diverse local patches. This can cause serious problems when some patches are invisible due to pose variations or viewpoint changes. To address this issue, the MAD is proposed to randomly drop an attention map. Consequently, models are pushed to explore diverse local patches adaptively. Second, to build rich relations between different local patches, the Vision Transformers (ViT) are used in FER, called ViT-FER. Since the global scope is used to reinforce each local patch, a better representation is obtained to boost the FER performance. Thirdly, the multi-head self-attention allows ViT to jointly attend to features from different information subspaces at different positions. Given no explicit guidance, however, multiple self-attentions may extract similar relations. To address this, the MSAD is proposed to randomly drop one self-attention module. As a result, models are forced to learn rich relations among diverse local patches. Our proposed TransFER model outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on several FER benchmarks, showing its effectiveness and usefulness.      
### 23.Lightweight Monocular Depth with a Novel Neural Architecture Search Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11105.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel neural architecture search method, called LiDNAS, for generating lightweight monocular depth estimation models. Unlike previous neural architecture search (NAS) approaches, where finding optimized networks are computationally highly demanding, the introduced novel Assisted Tabu Search leads to efficient architecture exploration. Moreover, we construct the search space on a pre-defined backbone network to balance layer diversity and search space size. The LiDNAS method outperforms the state-of-the-art NAS approach, proposed for disparity and depth estimation, in terms of search efficiency and output model performance. The LiDNAS optimized models achieve results superior to compact depth estimation state-of-the-art on NYU-Depth-v2, KITTI, and ScanNet, while being 7%-500% more compact in size, i.e the number of model parameters.      
### 24.Detecting Small Objects in Thermal Images Using Single-Shot Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11101.pdf)
>  SSD (Single Shot Multibox Detector) is one of the most successful object detectors for its high accuracy and fast speed. However, the features from shallow layer (mainly Conv4_3) of SSD lack semantic information, resulting in poor performance in small objects. In this paper, we proposed DDSSD (Dilation and Deconvolution Single Shot Multibox Detector), an enhanced SSD with a novel feature fusion module which can improve the performance over SSD for small object detection. In the feature fusion module, dilation convolution module is utilized to enlarge the receptive field of features from shallow layer and deconvolution module is adopted to increase the size of feature maps from high layer. Our network achieves 79.7% mAP on PASCAL VOC2007 test and 28.3% mmAP on MS COCO test-dev at 41 FPS with only 300x300 input using a single Nvidia 1080 GPU. Especially, for small objects, DDSSD achieves 10.5% on MS COCO and 22.8% on FLIR thermal dataset, outperforming a lot of state-of-the-art object detection algorithms in both aspects of accuracy and speed.      
### 25.Multi-Attributed and Structured Text-to-Face Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11100.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have revolutionized image synthesis through many applications like face generation, photograph editing, and image super-resolution. Image synthesis using GANs has predominantly been uni-modal, with few approaches that can synthesize images from text or other data modes. Text-to-image synthesis, especially text-to-face synthesis, has promising use cases of robust face-generation from eye witness accounts and augmentation of the reading experience with visual cues. However, only a couple of datasets provide consolidated face data and textual descriptions for text-to-face synthesis. Moreover, these textual annotations are less extensive and descriptive, which reduces the diversity of faces generated from it. This paper empirically proves that increasing the number of facial attributes in each textual description helps GANs generate more diverse and real-looking faces. To prove this, we propose a new methodology that focuses on using structured textual descriptions. We also consolidate a Multi-Attributed and Structured Text-to-face (MAST) dataset consisting of high-quality images with structured textual annotations and make it available to researchers to experiment and build upon. Lastly, we report benchmark Frechet's Inception Distance (FID), Facial Semantic Similarity (FSS), and Facial Semantic Distance (FSD) scores for the MAST dataset.      
### 26.Monocular Depth Estimation Primed by Salient Point Detection and Normalized Hessian Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11098.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have recently thrived on single image depth estimation. That being said, current developments on this topic highlight an apparent compromise between accuracy and network size. This work proposes an accurate and lightweight framework for monocular depth estimation based on a self-attention mechanism stemming from salient point detection. Specifically, we utilize a sparse set of keypoints to train a FuSaNet model that consists of two major components: Fusion-Net and Saliency-Net. In addition, we introduce a normalized Hessian loss term invariant to scaling and shear along the depth direction, which is shown to substantially improve the accuracy. The proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results on NYU-Depth-v2 and KITTI while using 3.1-38.4 times smaller model in terms of the number of parameters than baseline approaches. Experiments on the SUN-RGBD further demonstrate the generalizability of the proposed method.      
### 27.Learning From Long-Tailed Data With Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11096.pdf)
>  Class imbalance and noisy labels are the norm rather than the exception in many large-scale classification datasets. Nevertheless, most works in machine learning typically assume balanced and clean data. There have been some recent attempts to tackle, on one side, the problem of learning from noisy labels and, on the other side, learning from long-tailed data. Each group of methods make simplifying assumptions about the other. Due to this separation, the proposed solutions often underperform when both assumptions are violated. In this work, we present a simple two-stage approach based on recent advances in self-supervised learning to treat both challenges simultaneously. It consists of, first, task-agnostic self-supervised pre-training, followed by task-specific fine-tuning using an appropriate loss. Most significantly, we find that self-supervised learning approaches are effectively able to cope with severe class imbalance. In addition, the resulting learned representations are also remarkably robust to label noise, when fine-tuned with an imbalance- and noise-resistant loss function. We validate our claims with experiments on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 augmented with synthetic imbalance and noise, as well as the large-scale inherently noisy Clothing-1M dataset.      
### 28.Efficient Transformer for Single Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11084.pdf)
>  Single image super-resolution task has witnessed great strides with the development of deep learning. However, most existing studies focus on building a more complex neural network with a massive number of layers, bringing heavy computational cost and memory storage. Recently, as Transformer yields brilliant results in NLP tasks, more and more researchers start to explore the application of Transformer in computer vision tasks. But with the heavy computational cost and high GPU memory occupation of the vision Transformer, the network can not be designed too deep. To address this problem, we propose a novel Efficient Super-Resolution Transformer (ESRT) for fast and accurate image super-resolution. ESRT is a hybrid Transformer where a CNN-based SR network is first designed in the front to extract deep features. Specifically, there are two backbones for formatting the ESRT: lightweight CNN backbone (LCB) and lightweight Transformer backbone (LTB). Among them, LCB is a lightweight SR network to extract deep SR features at a low computational cost by dynamically adjusting the size of the feature map. LTB is made up of an efficient Transformer (ET) with a small GPU memory occupation, which benefited from the novel efficient multi-head attention (EMHA). In EMHA, a feature split module (FSM) is proposed to split the long sequence into sub-segments and then these sub-segments are applied by attention operation. This module can significantly decrease the GPU memory occupation. Extensive experiments show that our ESRT achieves competitive results. Compared with the original Transformer which occupies 16057M GPU memory, the proposed ET only occupies 4191M GPU memory with better performance.      
### 29.3D Face Recognition: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11082.pdf)
>  Face recognition is one of the most studied research topics in the community. In recent years, the research on face recognition has shifted to using 3D facial surfaces, as more discriminating features can be represented by the 3D geometric information. This survey focuses on reviewing the 3D face recognition techniques developed in the past ten years which are generally categorized into conventional methods and deep learning methods. The categorized techniques are evaluated using detailed descriptions of the representative works. The advantages and disadvantages of the techniques are summarized in terms of accuracy, complexity and robustness to face variation (expression, pose and occlusions, etc). The main contribution of this survey is that it comprehensively covers both conventional methods and deep learning methods on 3D face recognition. In addition, a review of available 3D face databases is provided, along with the discussion of future research challenges and directions.      
### 30.Heredity-aware Child Face Image Generation with Latent Space Disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11080.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks have been widely used in image synthesis in recent years and the quality of the generated image has been greatly improved. However, the flexibility to control and decouple facial attributes (e.g., eyes, nose, mouth) is still limited. In this paper, we propose a novel approach, called ChildGAN, to generate a child's image according to the images of parents with heredity prior. The main idea is to disentangle the latent space of a pre-trained generation model and precisely control the face attributes of child images with clear semantics. We use distances between face landmarks as pseudo labels to figure out the most influential semantic vectors of the corresponding face attributes by calculating the gradient of latent vectors to pseudo labels. Furthermore, we disentangle the semantic vectors by weighting irrelevant features and orthogonalizing them with Schmidt Orthogonalization. Finally, we fuse the latent vector of the parents by leveraging the disentangled semantic vectors under the guidance of biological genetic laws. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our approach outperforms the existing methods with encouraging results.      
### 31.Learning Class-level Prototypes for Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11072.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning aims to recognize new categories using very few labeled samples. Although few-shot learning has witnessed promising development in recent years, most existing methods adopt an average operation to calculate prototypes, thus limited by the outlier samples. In this work, we propose a simple yet effective framework for few-shot classification, which can learn to generate preferable prototypes from few support data, with the help of an episodic prototype generator module. The generated prototype is meant to be close to a certain \textit{\targetproto{}} and is less influenced by outlier samples. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of this module, and our approach gets a significant raise over baseline models, and get a competitive result compared to previous methods on \textit{mini}ImageNet, \textit{tiered}ImageNet, and cross-domain (\textit{mini}ImageNet $\rightarrow$ CUB-200-2011) datasets.      
### 32.Normal Learning in Videos with Attention Prototype Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11055.pdf)
>  Frame reconstruction (current or future frame) based on Auto-Encoder (AE) is a popular method for video anomaly detection. With models trained on the normal data, the reconstruction errors of anomalous scenes are usually much larger than those of normal ones. Previous methods introduced the memory bank into AE, for encoding diverse normal patterns across the training videos. However, they are memory consuming and cannot cope with unseen new scenarios in the testing data. In this work, we propose a self-attention prototype unit (APU) to encode the normal latent space as prototypes in real time, free from extra memory cost. In addition, we introduce circulative attention mechanism to our backbone to form a novel feature extracting learner, namely Circulative Attention Unit (CAU). It enables the fast adaption capability on new scenes by only consuming a few iterations of update. Extensive experiments are conducted on various benchmarks. The superior performance over the state-of-the-art demonstrates the effectiveness of our method. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/huchao-AI/APN/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Understanding of Kernels in CNN Models by Suppressing Irrelevant Visual Features in Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11054.pdf)
>  Deep learning models have shown their superior performance in various vision tasks. However, the lack of precisely interpreting kernels in convolutional neural networks (CNNs) is becoming one main obstacle to wide applications of deep learning models in real scenarios. Although existing interpretation methods may find certain visual patterns which are associated with the activation of a specific kernel, those visual patterns may not be specific or comprehensive enough for interpretation of a specific activation of kernel of interest. In this paper, a simple yet effective optimization method is proposed to interpret the activation of any kernel of interest in CNN models. The basic idea is to simultaneously preserve the activation of the specific kernel and suppress the activation of all other kernels at the same layer. In this way, only visual information relevant to the activation of the specific kernel is remained in the input. Consistent visual information from multiple modified inputs would help users understand what kind of features are specifically associated with specific kernel. Comprehensive evaluation shows that the proposed method can help better interpret activation of specific kernels than widely used methods, even when two kernels have very similar activation regions from the same input image.      
### 34.Memory-Augmented Non-Local Attention for Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11048.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel video super-resolution method that aims at generating high-fidelity high-resolution (HR) videos from low-resolution (LR) ones. Previous methods predominantly leverage temporal neighbor frames to assist the super-resolution of the current frame. Those methods achieve limited performance as they suffer from the challenge in spatial frame alignment and the lack of useful information from similar LR neighbor frames. In contrast, we devise a cross-frame non-local attention mechanism that allows video super-resolution without frame alignment, leading to be more robust to large motions in the video. In addition, to acquire the information beyond neighbor frames, we design a novel memory-augmented attention module to memorize general video details during the super-resolution training. Experimental results indicate that our method can achieve superior performance on large motion videos comparing to the state-of-the-art methods without aligning frames. Our source code will be released.      
### 35.Localization Uncertainty-Based Attention for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11042.pdf)
>  Object detection has been applied in a wide variety of real world scenarios, so detection algorithms must provide confidence in the results to ensure that appropriate decisions can be made based on their results. Accordingly, several studies have investigated the probabilistic confidence of bounding box regression. However, such approaches have been restricted to anchor-based detectors, which use box confidence values as additional screening scores during non-maximum suppression (NMS) procedures. In this paper, we propose a more efficient uncertainty-aware dense detector (UADET) that predicts four-directional localization uncertainties via Gaussian modeling. Furthermore, a simple uncertainty attention module (UAM) that exploits box confidence maps is proposed to improve performance through feature refinement. Experiments using the MS COCO benchmark show that our UADET consistently surpasses baseline FCOS, and that our best model, ResNext-64x4d-101-DCN, obtains a single model, single-scale AP of 48.3% on COCO test-dev, thus achieving the state-of-the-art among various object detectors.      
### 36.Improving Visual Quality of Unrestricted Adversarial Examples with Wavelet-VAE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11032.pdf)
>  Traditional adversarial examples are typically generated by adding perturbation noise to the input image within a small matrix norm. In practice, un-restricted adversarial attack has raised great concern and presented a new threat to the AI safety. In this paper, we propose a wavelet-VAE structure to reconstruct an input image and generate adversarial examples by modifying the latent code. Different from perturbation-based attack, the modifications of the proposed method are not limited but imperceptible to human eyes. Experiments show that our method can generate high quality adversarial examples on ImageNet dataset.      
### 37.Layer-wise Customized Weak Segmentation Block and AIoU Loss for Accurate Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11021.pdf)
>  The anchor-based detectors handle the problem of scale variation by building the feature pyramid and directly setting different scales of anchors on each cell in different layers. However, it is difficult for box-wise anchors to guide the adaptive learning of scale-specific features in each layer because there is no one-to-one correspondence between box-wise anchors and pixel-level features. In order to alleviate the problem, in this paper, we propose a scale-customized weak segmentation (SCWS) block at the pixel level for scale customized object feature learning in each layer. By integrating the SCWS blocks into the single-shot detector, a scale-aware object detector (SCOD) is constructed to detect objects of different sizes naturally and accurately. Furthermore, the standard location loss neglects the fact that the hard and easy samples may be seriously imbalanced. A forthcoming problem is that it is unable to get more accurate bounding boxes due to the imbalance. To address this problem, an adaptive IoU (AIoU) loss via a simple yet effective squeeze operation is specified in our SCOD. Extensive experiments on PASCAL VOC and MS COCO demonstrate the superiority of our SCOD.      
### 38.iDARTS: Improving DARTS by Node Normalization and Decorrelation Discretization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11014.pdf)
>  Differentiable ARchiTecture Search (DARTS) uses a continuous relaxation of network representation and dramatically accelerates Neural Architecture Search (NAS) by almost thousands of times in GPU-day. However, the searching process of DARTS is unstable, which suffers severe degradation when training epochs become large, thus limiting its application. In this paper, we claim that this degradation issue is caused by the imbalanced norms between different nodes and the highly correlated outputs from various operations. We then propose an improved version of DARTS, namely iDARTS, to deal with the two problems. In the training phase, it introduces node normalization to maintain the norm balance. In the discretization phase, the continuous architecture is approximated based on the similarity between the outputs of the node and the decorrelated operations rather than the values of the architecture parameters. Extensive evaluation is conducted on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet, and the error rates of 2.25\% and 24.7\% are reported within 0.2 and 1.9 GPU-day for architecture search respectively, which shows its effectiveness. Additional analysis also reveals that iDARTS has the advantage in robustness and generalization over other DARTS-based counterparts.      
### 39.Wanderlust: Online Continual Object Detection in the Real World  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11005.pdf)
>  Online continual learning from data streams in dynamic environments is a critical direction in the computer vision field. However, realistic benchmarks and fundamental studies in this line are still missing. To bridge the gap, we present a new online continual object detection benchmark with an egocentric video dataset, Objects Around Krishna (OAK). OAK adopts the KrishnaCAM videos, an ego-centric video stream collected over nine months by a graduate student. OAK provides exhaustive bounding box annotations of 80 video snippets (~17.5 hours) for 105 object categories in outdoor scenes. The emergence of new object categories in our benchmark follows a pattern similar to what a single person might see in their day-to-day life. The dataset also captures the natural distribution shifts as the person travels to different places. These egocentric long-running videos provide a realistic playground for continual learning algorithms, especially in online embodied settings. We also introduce new evaluation metrics to evaluate the model performance and catastrophic forgetting and provide baseline studies for online continual object detection. We believe this benchmark will pose new exciting challenges for learning from non-stationary data in continual learning. The OAK dataset and the associated benchmark are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://oakdata.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.OOWL500: Overcoming Dataset Collection Bias in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10992.pdf)
>  The hypothesis that image datasets gathered online "in the wild" can produce biased object recognizers, e.g. preferring professional photography or certain viewing angles, is studied. A new "in the lab" data collection infrastructure is proposed consisting of a drone which captures images as it circles around objects. Crucially, the control provided by this setup and the natural camera shake inherent to flight mitigate many biases. It's inexpensive and easily replicable nature may also potentially lead to a scalable data collection effort by the vision community. The procedure's usefulness is demonstrated by creating a dataset of Objects Obtained With fLight (OOWL). Denoted as OOWL500, it contains 120,000 images of 500 objects and is the largest "in the lab" image dataset available when both number of classes and objects per class are considered. Furthermore, it has enabled several of new insights on object recognition. First, a novel adversarial attack strategy is proposed, where image perturbations are defined in terms of semantic properties such as camera shake and pose. Indeed, experiments have shown that ImageNet has considerable amounts of pose and professional photography bias. Second, it is used to show that the augmentation of in the wild datasets, such as ImageNet, with in the lab data, such as OOWL500, can significantly decrease these biases, leading to object recognizers of improved generalization. Third, the dataset is used to study questions on "best procedures" for dataset collection. It is revealed that data augmentation with synthetic images does not suffice to eliminate in the wild datasets biases, and that camera shake and pose diversity play a more important role in object recognition robustness than previously thought.      
### 41.Domain Adaptation for Real-World Single View 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10972.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based object reconstruction algorithms have shown remarkable improvements over classical methods. However, supervised learning based methods perform poorly when the training data and the test data have different distributions. Indeed, most current works perform satisfactorily on the synthetic ShapeNet dataset, but dramatically fail in when presented with real world images. To address this issue, unsupervised domain adaptation can be used transfer knowledge from the labeled synthetic source domain and learn a classifier for the unlabeled real target domain. To tackle this challenge of single view 3D reconstruction in the real domain, we experiment with a variety of domain adaptation techniques inspired by the maximum mean discrepancy (MMD) loss, Deep CORAL, and the domain adversarial neural network (DANN). From these findings, we additionally propose a novel architecture which takes advantage of the fact that in this setting, target domain data is unsupervised with regards to the 3D model but supervised for class labels. We base our framework off a recent network called pix2vox. Results are performed with ShapeNet as the source domain and domains within the Object Dataset Domain Suite (ODDS) dataset as the target, which is a real world multiview, multidomain image dataset. The domains in ODDS vary in difficulty, allowing us to assess notions of domain gap size. Our results are the first in the multiview reconstruction literature using this dataset.      
### 42.An Effective Pixel-Wise Approach for Skin Colour Segmentation Using Pixel Neighbourhood Technique  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10971.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel technique for skin colour segmentation that overcomes the limitations faced by existing techniques such as Colour Range Thresholding. Skin colour segmentation is affected by the varied skin colours and surrounding lighting conditions, leading to poorskin segmentation for many techniques. We propose a new two stage Pixel Neighbourhood technique that classifies any pixel as skin or non-skin based on its neighbourhood pixels. The first step calculates the probability of each pixel being skin by passing HSV values of the pixel to a Deep Neural Network model. In the next step, it calculates the likeliness of pixel being skin using these probabilities of neighbouring pixels. This technique performs skin colour segmentation better than the existing techniques.      
### 43.Real-time Indian Sign Language (ISL) Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10970.pdf)
>  This paper presents a system which can recognise hand poses &amp; gestures from the Indian Sign Language (ISL) in real-time using grid-based features. This system attempts to bridge the communication gap between the hearing and speech impaired and the rest of the society. The existing solutions either provide relatively low accuracy or do not work in real-time. This system provides good results on both the parameters. It can identify 33 hand poses and some gestures from the ISL. Sign Language is captured from a smartphone camera and its frames are transmitted to a remote server for processing. The use of any external hardware (such as gloves or the Microsoft Kinect sensor) is avoided, making it user-friendly. Techniques such as Face detection, Object stabilisation and Skin Colour Segmentation are used for hand detection and tracking. The image is further subjected to a Grid-based Feature Extraction technique which represents the hand's pose in the form of a Feature Vector. Hand poses are then classified using the k-Nearest Neighbours algorithm. On the other hand, for gesture classification, the motion and intermediate hand poses observation sequences are fed to Hidden Markov Model chains corresponding to the 12 pre-selected gestures defined in ISL. Using this methodology, the system is able to achieve an accuracy of 99.7% for static hand poses, and an accuracy of 97.23% for gesture recognition.      
### 44.Field-Guide-Inspired Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10967.pdf)
>  Modern recognition systems require large amounts of supervision to achieve accuracy. Adapting to new domains requires significant data from experts, which is onerous and can become too expensive. Zero-shot learning requires an annotated set of attributes for a novel category. Annotating the full set of attributes for a novel category proves to be a tedious and expensive task in deployment. This is especially the case when the recognition domain is an expert domain. We introduce a new field-guide-inspired approach to zero-shot annotation where the learner model interactively asks for the most useful attributes that define a class. We evaluate our method on classification benchmarks with attribute annotations like CUB, SUN, and AWA2 and show that our model achieves the performance of a model with full annotations at the cost of a significantly fewer number of annotations. Since the time of experts is precious, decreasing annotation cost can be very valuable for real-world deployment.      
### 45.SimVLM: Simple Visual Language Model Pretraining with Weak Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10904.pdf)
>  With recent progress in joint modeling of visual and textual representations, Vision-Language Pretraining (VLP) has achieved impressive performance on many multimodal downstream tasks. However, the requirement for expensive annotations including clean image captions and regional labels limits the scalability of existing approaches, and complicates the pretraining procedure with the introduction of multiple dataset-specific objectives. In this work, we relax these constraints and present a minimalist pretraining framework, named Simple Visual Language Model (SimVLM). Unlike prior work, SimVLM reduces the training complexity by exploiting large-scale weak supervision, and is trained end-to-end with a single prefix language modeling objective. Without utilizing extra data or task-specific customization, the resulting model significantly outperforms previous pretraining methods and achieves new state-of-the-art results on a wide range of discriminative and generative vision-language benchmarks, including VQA (+3.74% vqa-score), NLVR2 (+1.17% accuracy), SNLI-VE (+1.37% accuracy) and image captioning tasks (+10.1% average CIDEr score). Furthermore, we demonstrate that SimVLM acquires strong generalization and transfer ability, enabling zero-shot behavior including open-ended visual question answering and cross-modality transfer.      
### 46.Backdoor Attacks on Network Certification via Data Poisoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11299.pdf)
>  Certifiers for neural networks have made great progress towards provable robustness guarantees against evasion attacks using adversarial examples. However, introducing certifiers into deep learning systems also opens up new attack vectors, which need to be considered before deployment. In this work, we conduct the first systematic analysis of training time attacks against certifiers in practical application pipelines, identifying new threat vectors that can be exploited to degrade the overall system. Using these insights, we design two backdoor attacks against network certifiers, which can drastically reduce certified robustness when the backdoor is activated. For example, adding 1% poisoned data points during training is sufficient to reduce certified robustness by up to 95 percentage points, effectively rendering the certifier useless. We analyze how such novel attacks can compromise the overall system's integrity or availability. Our extensive experiments across multiple datasets, model architectures, and certifiers demonstrate the wide applicability of these attacks. A first investigation into potential defenses shows that current approaches only partially mitigate the issue, highlighting the need for new, more specific solutions.      
### 47.Measurement of Hybrid Rocket Solid Fuel Regression Rate for a Slab Burner using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11276.pdf)
>  This study presents an imaging-based deep learning tool to measure the fuel regression rate in a 2D slab burner experiment for hybrid rocket fuels. The slab burner experiment is designed to verify mechanistic models of reacting boundary layer combustion in hybrid rockets by the measurement of fuel regression rates. A DSLR camera with a high intensity flash is used to capture images throughout the burn and the images are then used to find the fuel boundary to calculate the regression rate. A U-net convolutional neural network architecture is explored to segment the fuel from the experimental images. A Monte-Carlo Dropout process is used to quantify the regression rate uncertainty produced from the network. The U-net computed regression rates are compared with values from other techniques from literature and show error less than 10%. An oxidizer flux dependency study is performed and shows the U-net predictions of regression rates are accurate and independent of the oxidizer flux, when the images in the training set are not over-saturated. Training with monochrome images is explored and is not successful at predicting the fuel regression rate from images with high noise. The network is superior at filtering out noise introduced by soot, pitting, and wax deposition on the chamber glass as well as the flame when compared to traditional image processing techniques, such as threshold binary conversion and spatial filtering. U-net consistently provides low error image segmentations to allow accurate computation of the regression rate of the fuel.      
### 48.Domain Adversarial RetinaNet as a Reference Algorithm for the MItosis DOmain Generalization (MIDOG) Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11269.pdf)
>  Assessing the Mitotic Count has a known high degree of intra- and inter-rater variability. Computer-aided systems have proven to decrease this variability and reduce labelling time. These systems, however, are generally highly dependent on their training domain and show poor applicability to unseen domains. In histopathology, these domain shifts can result from various sources, including different slide scanning systems used to digitize histologic samples. The MItosis DOmain Generalization challenge focuses on this specific domain shift for the task of mitotic figure detection. This work presents a mitotic figure detection algorithm developed as a baseline for the challenge, based on domain adversarial training. On the preliminary test set, the algorithm scores an F$_1$ score of 0.7514.      
### 49.Cell Multi-Bernoulli (Cell-MB) Sensor Control for Multi-object Search-While-Tracking (SWT)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11236.pdf)
>  Information driven control can be used to develop intelligent sensors that can optimize their measurement value based on environmental feedback. In object tracking applications, sensor actions are chosen based on the expected reduction in uncertainty also known as information gain. Random finite set (RFS) theory provides a formalism for quantifying and estimating information gain in multi-object tracking problems. However, estimating information gain in these applications remains computationally challenging. This paper presents a new tractable approximation of the RFS expected information gain applicable to sensor control for multi-object search and tracking. Unlike existing RFS approaches, the approximation presented in this paper accounts for noisy measurements, missed detections, false alarms, and object appearance/disappearance. The effectiveness of the information driven sensor control is demonstrated through a multi-vehicle search-while-tracking experiment using real video data from a remote optical sensor.      
### 50.NGC: A Unified Framework for Learning with Open-World Noisy Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11035.pdf)
>  The existence of noisy data is prevalent in both the training and testing phases of machine learning systems, which inevitably leads to the degradation of model performance. There have been plenty of works concentrated on learning with in-distribution (IND) noisy labels in the last decade, i.e., some training samples are assigned incorrect labels that do not correspond to their true classes. Nonetheless, in real application scenarios, it is necessary to consider the influence of out-of-distribution (OOD) samples, i.e., samples that do not belong to any known classes, which has not been sufficiently explored yet. To remedy this, we study a new problem setup, namely Learning with Open-world Noisy Data (LOND). The goal of LOND is to simultaneously learn a classifier and an OOD detector from datasets with mixed IND and OOD noise. In this paper, we propose a new graph-based framework, namely Noisy Graph Cleaning (NGC), which collects clean samples by leveraging geometric structure of data and model predictive confidence. Without any additional training effort, NGC can detect and reject the OOD samples based on the learned class prototypes directly in testing phase. We conduct experiments on multiple benchmarks with different types of noise and the results demonstrate the superior performance of our method against state of the arts.      
### 51.EncoderMI: Membership Inference against Pre-trained Encoders in Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11023.pdf)
>  Given a set of unlabeled images or (image, text) pairs, contrastive learning aims to pre-train an image encoder that can be used as a feature extractor for many downstream tasks. In this work, we propose EncoderMI, the first membership inference method against image encoders pre-trained by contrastive learning. In particular, given an input and a black-box access to an image encoder, EncoderMI aims to infer whether the input is in the training dataset of the image encoder. EncoderMI can be used 1) by a data owner to audit whether its (public) data was used to pre-train an image encoder without its authorization or 2) by an attacker to compromise privacy of the training data when it is private/sensitive. Our EncoderMI exploits the overfitting of the image encoder towards its training data. In particular, an overfitted image encoder is more likely to output more (or less) similar feature vectors for two augmented versions of an input in (or not in) its training dataset. We evaluate EncoderMI on image encoders pre-trained on multiple datasets by ourselves as well as the Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP) image encoder, which is pre-trained on 400 million (image, text) pairs collected from the Internet and released by OpenAI. Our results show that EncoderMI can achieve high accuracy, precision, and recall. We also explore a countermeasure against EncoderMI via preventing overfitting through early stopping. Our results show that it achieves trade-offs between accuracy of EncoderMI and utility of the image encoder, i.e., it can reduce the accuracy of EncoderMI, but it also incurs classification accuracy loss of the downstream classifiers built based on the image encoder.      
### 52.A Scaling Law for Synthetic-to-Real Transfer: A Measure of Pre-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11018.pdf)
>  Synthetic-to-real transfer learning is a framework in which we pre-train models with synthetically generated images and ground-truth annotations for real tasks. Although synthetic images overcome the data scarcity issue, it remains unclear how the fine-tuning performance scales with pre-trained models, especially in terms of pre-training data size. In this study, we collect a number of empirical observations and uncover the secret. Through experiments, we observe a simple and general scaling law that consistently describes learning curves in various tasks, models, and complexities of synthesized pre-training data. Further, we develop a theory of transfer learning for a simplified scenario and confirm that the derived generalization bound is consistent with our empirical findings.      
### 53.NeRP: Implicit Neural Representation Learning with Prior Embedding for Sparsely Sampled Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10991.pdf)
>  Image reconstruction is an inverse problem that solves for a computational image based on sampled sensor measurement. Sparsely sampled image reconstruction poses addition challenges due to limited measurements. In this work, we propose an implicit Neural Representation learning methodology with Prior embedding (NeRP) to reconstruct a computational image from sparsely sampled measurements. The method differs fundamentally from previous deep learning-based image reconstruction approaches in that NeRP exploits the internal information in an image prior, and the physics of the sparsely sampled measurements to produce a representation of the unknown subject. No large-scale data is required to train the NeRP except for a prior image and sparsely sampled measurements. In addition, we demonstrate that NeRP is a general methodology that generalizes to different imaging modalities such as CT and MRI. We also show that NeRP can robustly capture the subtle yet significant image changes required for assessing tumor progression.      
### 54.Correcting inter-scan motion artefacts in quantitative R1 mapping at 7T  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10943.pdf)
>  Purpose: Inter-scan motion is a substantial source of error in $R_1$ estimation, and can be expected to increase at 7T where $B_1$ fields are more inhomogeneous. The established correction scheme does not translate to 7T since it requires a body coil reference. Here we introduce two alternatives that outperform the established method. Since they compute relative sensitivities they do not require body coil images. <br>Theory: The proposed methods use coil-combined magnitude images to obtain the relative coil sensitivities. The first method efficiently computes the relative sensitivities via a simple ratio; the second by fitting a more sophisticated generative model. <br>Methods: $R_1$ maps were computed using the variable flip angle (VFA) approach. Multiple datasets were acquired at 3T and 7T, with and without motion between the acquisition of the VFA volumes. $R_1$ maps were constructed without correction, with the proposed corrections, and (at 3T) with the previously established correction scheme. <br>Results: At 3T, the proposed methods outperform the baseline method. Inter-scan motion artefacts were also reduced at 7T. However, reproducibility only converged on that of the no motion condition if position-specific transmit field effects were also incorporated. <br>Conclusion: The proposed methods simplify inter-scan motion correction of $R_1$ maps and are applicable at both 3T and 7T, where a body coil is typically not available. The open-source code for all methods is made publicly available.      
