# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 19 Aug 2021
### 1.Pixel-Perfect Structure-from-Motion with Featuremetric Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08291.pdf)
>  Finding local features that are repeatable across multiple views is a cornerstone of sparse 3D reconstruction. The classical image matching paradigm detects keypoints per-image once and for all, which can yield poorly-localized features and propagate large errors to the final geometry. In this paper, we refine two key steps of structure-from-motion by a direct alignment of low-level image information from multiple views: we first adjust the initial keypoint locations prior to any geometric estimation, and subsequently refine points and camera poses as a post-processing. This refinement is robust to large detection noise and appearance changes, as it optimizes a featuremetric error based on dense features predicted by a neural network. This significantly improves the accuracy of camera poses and scene geometry for a wide range of keypoint detectors, challenging viewing conditions, and off-the-shelf deep features. Our system easily scales to large image collections, enabling pixel-perfect crowd-sourced localization at scale. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cvg/pixel-perfect-sfm" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> as an add-on to the popular SfM software COLMAP.      
### 2.Stochastic Scene-Aware Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08284.pdf)
>  A long-standing goal in computer vision is to capture, model, and realistically synthesize human behavior. Specifically, by learning from data, our goal is to enable virtual humans to navigate within cluttered indoor scenes and naturally interact with objects. Such embodied behavior has applications in virtual reality, computer games, and robotics, while synthesized behavior can be used as a source of training data. This is challenging because real human motion is diverse and adapts to the scene. For example, a person can sit or lie on a sofa in many places and with varying styles. It is necessary to model this diversity when synthesizing virtual humans that realistically perform human-scene interactions. We present a novel data-driven, stochastic motion synthesis method that models different styles of performing a given action with a target object. Our method, called SAMP, for Scene-Aware Motion Prediction, generalizes to target objects of various geometries while enabling the character to navigate in cluttered scenes. To train our method, we collected MoCap data covering various sitting, lying down, walking, and running styles. We demonstrate our method on complex indoor scenes and achieve superior performance compared to existing solutions. Our code and data are available for research at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://samp.is.tue.mpg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.End-to-End Urban Driving by Imitating a Reinforcement Learning Coach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08265.pdf)
>  End-to-end approaches to autonomous driving commonly rely on expert demonstrations. Although humans are good drivers, they are not good coaches for end-to-end algorithms that demand dense on-policy supervision. On the contrary, automated experts that leverage privileged information can efficiently generate large scale on-policy and off-policy demonstrations. However, existing automated experts for urban driving make heavy use of hand-crafted rules and perform suboptimally even on driving simulators, where ground-truth information is available. To address these issues, we train a reinforcement learning expert that maps bird's-eye view images to continuous low-level actions. While setting a new performance upper-bound on CARLA, our expert is also a better coach that provides informative supervision signals for imitation learning agents to learn from. Supervised by our reinforcement learning coach, a baseline end-to-end agent with monocular camera-input achieves expert-level performance. Our end-to-end agent achieves a 78% success rate while generalizing to a new town and new weather on the NoCrash-dense benchmark and state-of-the-art performance on the more challenging CARLA LeaderBoard.      
### 4.Towards Robust Human Trajectory Prediction in Raw Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08259.pdf)
>  Human trajectory prediction has received increased attention lately due to its importance in applications such as autonomous vehicles and indoor robots. However, most existing methods make predictions based on human-labeled trajectories and ignore the errors and noises in detection and tracking. In this paper, we study the problem of human trajectory forecasting in raw videos, and show that the prediction accuracy can be severely affected by various types of tracking errors. Accordingly, we propose a simple yet effective strategy to correct the tracking failures by enforcing prediction consistency over time. The proposed "re-tracking" algorithm can be applied to any existing tracking and prediction pipelines. Experiments on public benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed method can improve both tracking and prediction performance in challenging real-world scenarios. The code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/retracking-prediction" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.LIGA-Stereo: Learning LiDAR Geometry Aware Representations for Stereo-based 3D Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08258.pdf)
>  Stereo-based 3D detection aims at detecting 3D object bounding boxes from stereo images using intermediate depth maps or implicit 3D geometry representations, which provides a low-cost solution for 3D perception. However, its performance is still inferior compared with LiDAR-based detection algorithms. To detect and localize accurate 3D bounding boxes, LiDAR-based models can encode accurate object boundaries and surface normal directions from LiDAR point clouds. However, the detection results of stereo-based detectors are easily affected by the erroneous depth features due to the limitation of stereo matching. To solve the problem, we propose LIGA-Stereo (LiDAR Geometry Aware Stereo Detector) to learn stereo-based 3D detectors under the guidance of high-level geometry-aware representations of LiDAR-based detection models. In addition, we found existing voxel-based stereo detectors failed to learn semantic features effectively from indirect 3D supervisions. We attach an auxiliary 2D detection head to provide direct 2D semantic supervisions. Experiment results show that the above two strategies improved the geometric and semantic representation capabilities. Compared with the state-of-the-art stereo detector, our method has improved the 3D detection performance of cars, pedestrians, cyclists by 10.44%, 5.69%, 5.97% mAP respectively on the official KITTI benchmark. The gap between stereo-based and LiDAR-based 3D detectors is further narrowed.      
### 6.Scarce Data Driven Deep Learning of Drones via Generalized Data Distribution Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08244.pdf)
>  Increased drone proliferation in civilian and professional settings has created new threat vectors for airports and national infrastructures. The economic damage for a single major airport from drone incursions is estimated to be millions per day. Due to the lack of diverse drone training data, accurate training of deep learning detection algorithms under scarce data is an open challenge. Existing methods largely rely on collecting diverse and comprehensive experimental drone footage data, artificially induced data augmentation, transfer and meta-learning, as well as physics-informed learning. However, these methods cannot guarantee capturing diverse drone designs and fully understanding the deep feature space of drones. Here, we show how understanding the general distribution of the drone data via a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) and explaining the missing features using Topological Data Analysis (TDA) - can allow us to acquire missing data to achieve rapid and more accurate learning. We demonstrate our results on a drone image dataset, which contains both real drone images as well as simulated images from computer-aided design. When compared to random data collection (usual practice - discriminator accuracy of 94.67\% after 200 epochs), our proposed GAN-TDA informed data collection method offers a significant 4\% improvement (99.42\% after 200 epochs). We believe that this approach of exploiting general data distribution knowledge form neural networks can be applied to a wide range of scarce data open challenges.      
### 7.LOKI: Long Term and Key Intentions for Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08236.pdf)
>  Recent advances in trajectory prediction have shown that explicit reasoning about agents' intent is important to accurately forecast their motion. However, the current research activities are not directly applicable to intelligent and safety critical systems. This is mainly because very few public datasets are available, and they only consider pedestrian-specific intents for a short temporal horizon from a restricted egocentric view. To this end, we propose LOKI (LOng term and Key Intentions), a novel large-scale dataset that is designed to tackle joint trajectory and intention prediction for heterogeneous traffic agents (pedestrians and vehicles) in an autonomous driving setting. The LOKI dataset is created to discover several factors that may affect intention, including i) agent's own will, ii) social interactions, iii) environmental constraints, and iv) contextual information. We also propose a model that jointly performs trajectory and intention prediction, showing that recurrently reasoning about intention can assist with trajectory prediction. We show our method outperforms state-of-the-art trajectory prediction methods by upto $27\%$ and also provide a baseline for frame-wise intention estimation.      
### 8.Research on Gender-related Fingerprint Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08233.pdf)
>  Fingerprint is an important biological feature of human body, which contains abundant gender information. At present, the academic research of fingerprint gender characteristics is generally at the level of understanding, while the standardization research is quite limited. In this work, we propose a more robust method, Dense Dilated Convolution ResNet (DDC-ResNet) to extract valid gender information from fingerprints. By replacing the normal convolution operations with the atrous convolution in the backbone, prior knowledge is provided to keep the edge details and the global reception field can be extended. We explored the results in 3 ways: 1) The efficiency of the DDC-ResNet. 6 typical methods of automatic feature extraction coupling with 9 mainstream classifiers are evaluated in our dataset with fair implementation details. Experimental results demonstrate that the combination of our approach outperforms other combinations in terms of average accuracy and separate-gender accuracy. It reaches 96.5% for average and 0.9752 (males)/0.9548 (females) for separate-gender accuracy. 2) The effect of fingers. It is found that the best performance of classifying gender with separate fingers is achieved by the right ring finger. 3) The effect of specific features. Based on the observations of the concentrations of fingerprints visualized by our approach, it can be inferred that loops and whorls (level 1), bifurcations (level 2), as well as line shapes (level 3) are connected with gender. Finally, we will open source the dataset that contains 6000 fingerprint images      
### 9.X-modaler: A Versatile and High-performance Codebase for Cross-modal Analytics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08217.pdf)
>  With the rise and development of deep learning over the past decade, there has been a steady momentum of innovation and breakthroughs that convincingly push the state-of-the-art of cross-modal analytics between vision and language in multimedia field. Nevertheless, there has not been an open-source codebase in support of training and deploying numerous neural network models for cross-modal analytics in a unified and modular fashion. In this work, we propose X-modaler -- a versatile and high-performance codebase that encapsulates the state-of-the-art cross-modal analytics into several general-purpose stages (e.g., pre-processing, encoder, cross-modal interaction, decoder, and decode strategy). Each stage is empowered with the functionality that covers a series of modules widely adopted in state-of-the-arts and allows seamless switching in between. This way naturally enables a flexible implementation of state-of-the-art algorithms for image captioning, video captioning, and vision-language pre-training, aiming to facilitate the rapid development of research community. Meanwhile, since the effective modular designs in several stages (e.g., cross-modal interaction) are shared across different vision-language tasks, X-modaler can be simply extended to power startup prototypes for other tasks in cross-modal analytics, including visual question answering, visual commonsense reasoning, and cross-modal retrieval. X-modaler is an Apache-licensed codebase, and its source codes, sample projects and pre-trained models are available on-line: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YehLi/xmodaler" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.MBRS : Enhancing Robustness of DNN-based Watermarking by Mini-Batch of Real and Simulated JPEG Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08211.pdf)
>  Based on the powerful feature extraction ability of deep learning architecture, recently, deep-learning based watermarking algorithms have been widely studied. The basic framework of such algorithm is the auto-encoder like end-to-end architecture with an encoder, a noise layer and a decoder. The key to guarantee robustness is the adversarial training with the differential noise layer. However, we found that none of the existing framework can well ensure the robustness against JPEG compression, which is non-differential but is an essential and important image processing operation. To address such limitations, we proposed a novel end-to-end training architecture, which utilizes Mini-Batch of Real and Simulated JPEG compression (MBRS) to enhance the JPEG robustness. Precisely, for different mini-batches, we randomly choose one of real JPEG, simulated JPEG and noise-free layer as the noise layer. Besides, we suggest to utilize the Squeeze-and-Excitation blocks which can learn better feature in embedding and extracting stage, and propose a "message processor" to expand the message in a more appreciate way. Meanwhile, to improve the robustness against crop attack, we propose an additive diffusion block into the network. The extensive experimental results have demonstrated the superior performance of the proposed scheme compared with the state-of-the-art algorithms. Under the JPEG compression with quality factor Q=50, our models achieve a bit error rate less than 0.01% for extracted messages, with PSNR larger than 36 for the encoded images, which shows the well-enhanced robustness against JPEG attack. Besides, under many other distortions such as Gaussian filter, crop, cropout and dropout, the proposed framework also obtains strong robustness. The code implemented by PyTorch \cite{2011torch7} is avaiable in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jzyustc/MBRS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.An Attention Module for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08205.pdf)
>  Attention mechanism has been regarded as an advanced technique to capture long-range feature interactions and to boost the representation capability for convolutional neural networks. However, we found two ignored problems in current attentional activations-based models: the approximation problem and the insufficient capacity problem of the attention maps. To solve the two problems together, we initially propose an attention module for convolutional neural networks by developing an AW-convolution, where the shape of attention maps matches that of the weights rather than the activations. Our proposed attention module is a complementary method to previous attention-based schemes, such as those that apply the attention mechanism to explore the relationship between channel-wise and spatial features. Experiments on several datasets for image classification and object detection tasks show the effectiveness of our proposed attention module. In particular, our proposed attention module achieves 1.00% Top-1 accuracy improvement on ImageNet classification over a ResNet101 baseline and 0.63 COCO-style Average Precision improvement on the COCO object detection on top of a Faster R-CNN baseline with the backbone of ResNet101-FPN. When integrating with the previous attentional activations-based models, our proposed attention module can further increase their Top-1 accuracy on ImageNet classification by up to 0.57% and COCO-style Average Precision on the COCO object detection by up to 0.45. Code and pre-trained models will be publicly available.      
### 12.ALLNet: A Hybrid Convolutional Neural Network to Improve Diagnosis of Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia (ALL) in White Blood Cells  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08195.pdf)
>  Due to morphological similarity at the microscopic level, making an accurate and time-sensitive distinction between blood cells affected by Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia (ALL) and their healthy counterparts calls for the usage of machine learning architectures. However, three of the most common models, VGG, ResNet, and Inception, each come with their own set of flaws with room for improvement which demands the need for a superior model. ALLNet, the proposed hybrid convolutional neural network architecture, consists of a combination of the VGG, ResNet, and Inception models. The ALL Challenge dataset of ISBI 2019 (available here) contains 10,691 images of white blood cells which were used to train and test the models. 7,272 of the images in the dataset are of cells with ALL and 3,419 of them are of healthy cells. Of the images, 60% were used to train the model, 20% were used for the cross-validation set, and 20% were used for the test set. ALLNet outperformed the VGG, ResNet, and the Inception models across the board, achieving an accuracy of 92.6567%, a sensitivity of 95.5304%, a specificity of 85.9155%, an AUC score of 0.966347, and an F1 score of 0.94803 in the cross-validation set. In the test set, ALLNet achieved an accuracy of 92.0991%, a sensitivity of 96.5446%, a specificity of 82.8035%, an AUC score of 0.959972, and an F1 score of 0.942963. The utilization of ALLNet in the clinical workspace can better treat the thousands of people suffering from ALL across the world, many of whom are children.      
### 13.Masked Face Recognition Challenge: The InsightFace Track Report  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08191.pdf)
>  During the COVID-19 coronavirus epidemic, almost everyone wears a facial mask, which poses a huge challenge to deep face recognition. In this workshop, we organize Masked Face Recognition (MFR) challenge and focus on bench-marking deep face recognition methods under the existence of facial masks. In the MFR challenge, there are two main tracks: the InsightFace track and the WebFace260M track. For the InsightFace track, we manually collect a large-scale masked face test set with 7K identities. In addition, we also collect a children test set including 14K identities and a multi-racial test set containing 242K identities. By using these three test sets, we build up an online model testing system, which can give a comprehensive evaluation of face recognition models. To avoid data privacy problems, no test image is released to the public. As the challenge is still under-going, we will keep on updating the top-ranked solutions as well as this report on the arxiv.      
### 14.ME-PCN: Point Completion Conditioned on Mask Emptiness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08187.pdf)
>  Point completion refers to completing the missing geometries of an object from incomplete observations. Main-stream methods predict the missing shapes by decoding a global feature learned from the input point cloud, which often leads to deficient results in preserving topology consistency and surface details. In this work, we present ME-PCN, a point completion network that leverages `emptiness' in 3D shape space. Given a single depth scan, previous methods often encode the occupied partial shapes while ignoring the empty regions (e.g. holes) in depth maps. In contrast, we argue that these `emptiness' clues indicate shape boundaries that can be used to improve topology representation and detail granularity on surfaces. Specifically, our ME-PCN encodes both the occupied point cloud and the neighboring `empty points'. It estimates coarse-grained but complete and reasonable surface points in the first stage, followed by a refinement stage to produce fine-grained surface details. Comprehensive experiments verify that our ME-PCN presents better qualitative and quantitative performance against the state-of-the-art. Besides, we further prove that our `emptiness' design is lightweight and easy to embed in existing methods, which shows consistent effectiveness in improving the CD and EMD scores.      
### 15.Effect of Parameter Optimization on Classical and Learning-based Image Matching Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08179.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based image matching methods are improved significantly during the recent years. Although these methods are reported to outperform the classical techniques, the performance of the classical methods is not examined in detail. In this study, we compare classical and learning-based methods by employing mutual nearest neighbor search with ratio test and optimizing the ratio test threshold to achieve the best performance on two different performance metrics. After a fair comparison, the experimental results on HPatches dataset reveal that the performance gap between classical and learning-based methods is not that significant. Throughout the experiments, we demonstrated that SuperGlue is the state-of-the-art technique for the image matching problem on HPatches dataset. However, if a single parameter, namely ratio test threshold, is carefully optimized, a well-known traditional method SIFT performs quite close to SuperGlue and even outperforms in terms of mean matching accuracy (MMA) under 1 and 2 pixel thresholds. Moreover, a recent approach, DFM, which only uses pre-trained VGG features as descriptors and ratio test, is shown to outperform most of the well-trained learning-based methods. Therefore, we conclude that the parameters of any classical method should be analyzed carefully before comparing against a learning-based technique.      
### 16.Deployment of Deep Neural Networks for Object Detection on Edge AI Devices with Runtime Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08166.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have proven increasingly important for automotive scene understanding with new algorithms offering constant improvements of the detection performance. However, there is little emphasis on experiences and needs for deployment in embedded environments. We therefore perform a case study of the deployment of two representative object detection networks on an edge AI platform. In particular, we consider RetinaNet for image-based 2D object detection and PointPillars for LiDAR-based 3D object detection. We describe the modifications necessary to convert the algorithms from a PyTorch training environment to the deployment environment taking into account the available tools. We evaluate the runtime of the deployed DNN using two different libraries, TensorRT and TorchScript. In our experiments, we observe slight advantages of TensorRT for convolutional layers and TorchScript for fully connected layers. We also study the trade-off between runtime and performance, when selecting an optimized setup for deployment, and observe that quantization significantly reduces the runtime while having only little impact on the detection performance.      
### 17.Generalized and Incremental Few-Shot Learning by Explicit Learning and Calibration without Forgetting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08165.pdf)
>  Both generalized and incremental few-shot learning have to deal with three major challenges: learning novel classes from only few samples per class, preventing catastrophic forgetting of base classes, and classifier calibration across novel and base classes. In this work we propose a three-stage framework that allows to explicitly and effectively address these challenges. While the first phase learns base classes with many samples, the second phase learns a calibrated classifier for novel classes from few samples while also preventing catastrophic forgetting. In the final phase, calibration is achieved across all classes. We evaluate the proposed framework on four challenging benchmark datasets for image and video few-shot classification and obtain state-of-the-art results for both generalized and incremental few shot learning.      
### 18.Specificity-preserving RGB-D Saliency Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08162.pdf)
>  RGB-D saliency detection has attracted increasing attention, due to its effectiveness and the fact that depth cues can now be conveniently captured. Existing works often focus on learning a shared representation through various fusion strategies, with few methods explicitly considering how to preserve modality-specific characteristics. In this paper, taking a new perspective, we propose a specificity-preserving network (SP-Net) for RGB-D saliency detection, which benefits saliency detection performance by exploring both the shared information and modality-specific properties (e.g., specificity). Specifically, two modality-specific networks and a shared learning network are adopted to generate individual and shared saliency maps. A cross-enhanced integration module (CIM) is proposed to fuse cross-modal features in the shared learning network, which are then propagated to the next layer for integrating cross-level information. Besides, we propose a multi-modal feature aggregation (MFA) module to integrate the modality-specific features from each individual decoder into the shared decoder, which can provide rich complementary multi-modal information to boost the saliency detection performance. Further, a skip connection is used to combine hierarchical features between the encoder and decoder layers. Experiments on six benchmark datasets demonstrate that our SP-Net outperforms other state-of-the-art methods. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/taozh2017/SPNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Towards Deep and Efficient: A Deep Siamese Self-Attention Fully Efficient Convolutional Network for Change Detection in VHR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08157.pdf)
>  Recently, FCNs have attracted widespread attention in the CD field. In pursuit of better CD performance, it has become a tendency to design deeper and more complicated FCNs, which inevitably brings about huge numbers of parameters and an unbearable computational burden. With the goal of designing a quite deep architecture to obtain more precise CD results while simultaneously decreasing parameter numbers to improve efficiency, in this work, we present a very deep and efficient CD network, entitled EffCDNet. In EffCDNet, to reduce the numerous parameters associated with deep architecture, an efficient convolution consisting of depth-wise convolution and group convolution with a channel shuffle mechanism is introduced to replace standard convolutional layers. In terms of the specific network architecture, EffCDNet does not use mainstream UNet-like architecture, but rather adopts the architecture with a very deep encoder and a lightweight decoder. In the very deep encoder, two very deep siamese streams stacked by efficient convolution first extract two highly representative and informative feature maps from input image-pairs. Subsequently, an efficient ASPP module is designed to capture multi-scale change information. In the lightweight decoder, a recurrent criss-cross self-attention (RCCA) module is applied to efficiently utilize non-local similar feature representations to enhance discriminability for each pixel, thus effectively separating the changed and unchanged regions. Moreover, to tackle the optimization problem in confused pixels, two novel loss functions based on information entropy are presented. On two challenging CD datasets, our approach outperforms other SOTA FCN-based methods, with only benchmark-level parameter numbers and quite low computational overhead.      
### 20.Active Observer Visual Problem-Solving Methods are Dynamically Hypothesized, Deployed and Tested  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08145.pdf)
>  The STAR architecture was designed to test the value of the full Selective Tuning model of visual attention for complex real-world visuospatial tasks and behaviors. However, knowledge of how humans solve such tasks in 3D as active observers is lean. We thus devised a novel experimental setup and examined such behavior. We discovered that humans exhibit a variety of problem-solving strategies whose breadth and complexity are surprising and not easily handled by current methodologies. It is apparent that solution methods are dynamically composed by hypothesizing sequences of actions, testing them, and if they fail, trying different ones. The importance of active observation is striking as is the lack of any learning effect. These results inform our Cognitive Program representation of STAR extending its relevance to real-world tasks.      
### 21.Optimising Knee Injury Detection with Spatial Attention and Validating Localisation Ability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08136.pdf)
>  This work employs a pre-trained, multi-view Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with a spatial attention block to optimise knee injury detection. An open-source Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) data set with image-level labels was leveraged for this analysis. As MRI data is acquired from three planes, we compare our technique using data from a single-plane and multiple planes (multi-plane). For multi-plane, we investigate various methods of fusing the planes in the network. This analysis resulted in the novel 'MPFuseNet' network and state-of-the-art Area Under the Curve (AUC) scores for detecting Anterior Cruciate Ligament (ACL) tears and Abnormal MRIs, achieving AUC scores of 0.977 and 0.957 respectively. We then developed an objective metric, Penalised Localisation Accuracy (PLA), to validate the model's localisation ability. This metric compares binary masks generated from Grad-Cam output and the radiologist's annotations on a sample of MRIs. We also extracted explainability features in a model-agnostic approach that were then verified as clinically relevant by the radiologist.      
### 22.Single-DARTS: Towards Stable Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08128.pdf)
>  Differentiable architecture search (DARTS) marks a milestone in Neural Architecture Search (NAS), boasting simplicity and small search costs. However, DARTS still suffers from frequent performance collapse, which happens when some operations, such as skip connections, zeroes and poolings, dominate the architecture. In this paper, we are the first to point out that the phenomenon is attributed to bi-level optimization. We propose Single-DARTS which merely uses single-level optimization, updating network weights and architecture parameters simultaneously with the same data batch. Even single-level optimization has been previously attempted, no literature provides a systematic explanation on this essential point. Replacing the bi-level optimization, Single-DARTS obviously alleviates performance collapse as well as enhances the stability of architecture search. Experiment results show that Single-DARTS achieves state-of-the-art performance on mainstream search spaces. For instance, on NAS-Benchmark-201, the searched architectures are nearly optimal ones. We also validate that the single-level optimization framework is much more stable than the bi-level one. We hope that this simple yet effective method will give some insights on differential architecture search. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PencilAndBike/Single-DARTS.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Hand Hygiene Video Classification Based on Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08127.pdf)
>  In this work, an extensive review of literature in the field of gesture recognition carried out along with the implementation of a simple classification system for hand hygiene stages based on deep learning solutions. A subset of robust dataset that consist of handwashing gestures with two hands as well as one-hand gestures such as linear hand movement utilized. A pretrained neural network model, RES Net 50, with image net weights used for the classification of 3 categories: Linear hand movement, rub hands palm to palm and rub hands with fingers interlaced movement. Correct predictions made for the first two classes with &gt; 60% accuracy. A complete dataset along with increased number of classes and training steps will be explored as a future work.      
### 24.Target Adaptive Context Aggregation for Video Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08121.pdf)
>  This paper deals with a challenging task of video scene graph generation (VidSGG), which could serve as a structured video representation for high-level understanding tasks. We present a new {\em detect-to-track} paradigm for this task by decoupling the context modeling for relation prediction from the complicated low-level entity tracking. Specifically, we design an efficient method for frame-level VidSGG, termed as {\em Target Adaptive Context Aggregation Network} (TRACE), with a focus on capturing spatio-temporal context information for relation recognition. Our TRACE framework streamlines the VidSGG pipeline with a modular design, and presents two unique blocks of Hierarchical Relation Tree (HRTree) construction and Target-adaptive Context Aggregation. More specific, our HRTree first provides an adpative structure for organizing possible relation candidates efficiently, and guides context aggregation module to effectively capture spatio-temporal structure information. Then, we obtain a contextualized feature representation for each relation candidate and build a classification head to recognize its relation category. Finally, we provide a simple temporal association strategy to track TRACE detected results to yield the video-level VidSGG. We perform experiments on two VidSGG benchmarks: ImageNet-VidVRD and Action Genome, and the results demonstrate that our TRACE achieves the state-of-the-art performance. The code and models are made available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MCG-NJU/TRACE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 25.Learning RAW-to-sRGB Mappings with Inaccurately Aligned Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08119.pdf)
>  Learning RAW-to-sRGB mapping has drawn increasing attention in recent years, wherein an input raw image is trained to imitate the target sRGB image captured by another camera. However, the severe color inconsistency makes it very challenging to generate well-aligned training pairs of input raw and target sRGB images. While learning with inaccurately aligned supervision is prone to causing pixel shift and producing blurry results. In this paper, we circumvent such issue by presenting a joint learning model for image alignment and RAW-to-sRGB mapping. To diminish the effect of color inconsistency in image alignment, we introduce to use a global color mapping (GCM) module to generate an initial sRGB image given the input raw image, which can keep the spatial location of the pixels unchanged, and the target sRGB image is utilized to guide GCM for converting the color towards it. Then a pre-trained optical flow estimation network (e.g., PWC-Net) is deployed to warp the target sRGB image to align with the GCM output. To alleviate the effect of inaccurately aligned supervision, the warped target sRGB image is leveraged to learn RAW-to-sRGB mapping. When training is done, the GCM module and optical flow network can be detached, thereby bringing no extra computation cost for inference. Experiments show that our method performs favorably against state-of-the-arts on ZRR and SR-RAW datasets. With our joint learning model, a light-weight backbone can achieve better quantitative and qualitative performance on ZRR dataset. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cszhilu1998/RAW-to-sRGB" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Rendering and Tracking the Directional TSDF: Modeling Surface Orientation for Coherent Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08115.pdf)
>  Dense real-time tracking and mapping from RGB-D images is an important tool for many robotic applications, such as navigation or grasping. The recently presented Directional Truncated Signed Distance Function (DTSDF) is an augmentation of the regular TSDF and shows potential for more coherent maps and improved tracking performance. In this work, we present methods for rendering depth- and color maps from the DTSDF, making it a true drop-in replacement for the regular TSDF in established trackers. We evaluate and show, that our method increases re-usability of mapped scenes. Furthermore, we add color integration which notably improves color-correctness at adjacent surfaces.      
### 27.Image Collation: Matching illustrations in manuscripts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08109.pdf)
>  Illustrations are an essential transmission instrument. For an historian, the first step in studying their evolution in a corpus of similar manuscripts is to identify which ones correspond to each other. This image collation task is daunting for manuscripts separated by many lost copies, spreading over centuries, which might have been completely re-organized and greatly modified to adapt to novel knowledge or belief and include hundreds of illustrations. Our contributions in this paper are threefold. First, we introduce the task of illustration collation and a large annotated public dataset to evaluate solutions, including 6 manuscripts of 2 different texts with more than 2 000 illustrations and 1 200 annotated correspondences. Second, we analyze state of the art similarity measures for this task and show that they succeed in simple cases but struggle for large manuscripts when the illustrations have undergone very significant changes and are discriminated only by fine details. Finally, we show clear evidence that significant performance boosts can be expected by exploiting cycle-consistent correspondences. Our code and data are available on <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://imagine.enpc.fr/~shenx/ImageCollation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 28.Panoramic Depth Estimation via Supervised and Unsupervised Learning in Indoor Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08076.pdf)
>  Depth estimation, as a necessary clue to convert 2D images into the 3D space, has been applied in many machine vision areas. However, to achieve an entire surrounding 360-degree geometric sensing, traditional stereo matching algorithms for depth estimation are limited due to large noise, low accuracy, and strict requirements for multi-camera calibration. In this work, for a unified surrounding perception, we introduce panoramic images to obtain larger field of view. We extend PADENet first appeared in our previous conference work for outdoor scene understanding, to perform panoramic monocular depth estimation with a focus for indoor scenes. At the same time, we improve the training process of the neural network adapted to the characteristics of panoramic images. In addition, we fuse traditional stereo matching algorithm with deep learning methods and further improve the accuracy of depth predictions. With a comprehensive variety of experiments, this research demonstrates the effectiveness of our schemes aiming for indoor scene perception.      
### 29.Multi-patch Feature Pyramid Network for Weakly Supervised Object Detection in Optical Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08063.pdf)
>  Object detection is a challenging task in remote sensing because objects only occupy a few pixels in the images, and the models are required to simultaneously learn object locations and detection. Even though the established approaches well perform for the objects of regular sizes, they achieve weak performance when analyzing small ones or getting stuck in the local minima (e.g. false object parts). Two possible issues stand in their way. First, the existing methods struggle to perform stably on the detection of small objects because of the complicated background. Second, most of the standard methods used hand-crafted features, and do not work well on the detection of objects parts of which are missing. We here address the above issues and propose a new architecture with a multiple patch feature pyramid network (MPFP-Net). Different from the current models that during training only pursue the most discriminative patches, in MPFPNet the patches are divided into class-affiliated subsets, in which the patches are related and based on the primary loss function, a sequence of smooth loss functions are determined for the subsets to improve the model for collecting small object parts. To enhance the feature representation for patch selection, we introduce an effective method to regularize the residual values and make the fusion transition layers strictly norm-preserving. The network contains bottom-up and crosswise connections to fuse the features of different scales to achieve better accuracy, compared to several state-of-the-art object detection models. Also, the developed architecture is more efficient than the baselines.      
### 30.Few-Shot Batch Incremental Road Object Detection via Detector Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08048.pdf)
>  Incremental few-shot learning has emerged as a new and challenging area in deep learning, whose objective is to train deep learning models using very few samples of new class data, and none of the old class data. In this work we tackle the problem of batch incremental few-shot road object detection using data from the India Driving Dataset (IDD). Our approach, DualFusion, combines object detectors in a manner that allows us to learn to detect rare objects with very limited data, all without severely degrading the performance of the detector on the abundant classes. In the IDD OpenSet incremental few-shot detection task, we achieve a mAP50 score of 40.0 on the base classes and an overall mAP50 score of 38.8, both of which are the highest to date. In the COCO batch incremental few-shot detection task, we achieve a novel AP score of 9.9, surpassing the state-of-the-art novel class performance on the same by over 6.6 times.      
### 31.Adaptive Graph Convolution for Point Cloud Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08035.pdf)
>  Convolution on 3D point clouds that generalized from 2D grid-like domains is widely researched yet far from perfect. The standard convolution characterises feature correspondences indistinguishably among 3D points, presenting an intrinsic limitation of poor distinctive feature learning. In this paper, we propose Adaptive Graph Convolution (AdaptConv) which generates adaptive kernels for points according to their dynamically learned features. Compared with using a fixed/isotropic kernel, AdaptConv improves the flexibility of point cloud convolutions, effectively and precisely capturing the diverse relations between points from different semantic parts. Unlike popular attentional weight schemes, the proposed AdaptConv implements the adaptiveness inside the convolution operation instead of simply assigning different weights to the neighboring points. Extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art point cloud classification and segmentation approaches on several benchmark datasets. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hrzhou2/AdaptConv-master" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Unbiased IoU for Spherical Image Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08029.pdf)
>  As one of the most fundamental and challenging problems in computer vision, object detection tries to locate object instances and find their categories in natural images. The most important step in the evaluation of object detection algorithm is calculating the intersection-over-union (IoU) between the predicted bounding box and the ground truth one. Although this procedure is well-defined and solved for planar images, it is not easy for spherical image object detection. Existing methods either compute the IoUs based on biased bounding box representations or make excessive approximations, thus would give incorrect results. In this paper, we first identify that spherical rectangles are unbiased bounding boxes for objects in spherical images, and then propose an analytical method for IoU calculation without any approximations. Based on the unbiased representation and calculation, we also present an anchor free object detection algorithm for spherical images. The experiments on two spherical object detection datasets show that the proposed method can achieve better performance than existing methods.      
### 33.Variational Attention: Propagating Domain-Specific Knowledge for Multi-Domain Learning in Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08023.pdf)
>  In crowd counting, due to the problem of laborious labelling, it is perceived intractability of collecting a new large-scale dataset which has plentiful images with large diversity in density, scene, etc. Thus, for learning a general model, training with data from multiple different datasets might be a remedy and be of great value. In this paper, we resort to the multi-domain joint learning and propose a simple but effective Domain-specific Knowledge Propagating Network (DKPNet)1 for unbiasedly learning the knowledge from multiple diverse data domains at the same time. It is mainly achieved by proposing the novel Variational Attention(VA) technique for explicitly modeling the attention distributions for different domains. And as an extension to VA, Intrinsic Variational Attention(InVA) is proposed to handle the problems of over-lapped domains and sub-domains. Extensive experiments have been conducted to validate the superiority of our DKPNet over several popular datasets, including ShanghaiTech A/B, UCF-QNRF and NWPU.      
### 34.Speech Drives Templates: Co-Speech Gesture Synthesis with Learned Templates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08020.pdf)
>  Co-speech gesture generation is to synthesize a gesture sequence that not only looks real but also matches with the input speech audio. Our method generates the movements of a complete upper body, including arms, hands, and the head. Although recent data-driven methods achieve great success, challenges still exist, such as limited variety, poor fidelity, and lack of objective metrics. Motivated by the fact that the speech cannot fully determine the gesture, we design a method that learns a set of gesture template vectors to model the latent conditions, which relieve the ambiguity. For our method, the template vector determines the general appearance of a generated gesture sequence, while the speech audio drives subtle movements of the body, both indispensable for synthesizing a realistic gesture sequence. Due to the intractability of an objective metric for gesture-speech synchronization, we adopt the lip-sync error as a proxy metric to tune and evaluate the synchronization ability of our model. Extensive experiments show the superiority of our method in both objective and subjective evaluations on fidelity and synchronization.      
### 35.Deep Hybrid Self-Prior for Full 3D Mesh Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08017.pdf)
>  We present a deep learning pipeline that leverages network self-prior to recover a full 3D model consisting of both a triangular mesh and a texture map from the colored 3D point cloud. Different from previous methods either exploiting 2D self-prior for image editing or 3D self-prior for pure surface reconstruction, we propose to exploit a novel hybrid 2D-3D self-prior in deep neural networks to significantly improve the geometry quality and produce a high-resolution texture map, which is typically missing from the output of commodity-level 3D scanners. In particular, we first generate an initial mesh using a 3D convolutional neural network with 3D self-prior, and then encode both 3D information and color information in the 2D UV atlas, which is further refined by 2D convolutional neural networks with the self-prior. In this way, both 2D and 3D self-priors are utilized for the mesh and texture recovery. Experiments show that, without the need of any additional training data, our method recovers the 3D textured mesh model of high quality from sparse input, and outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both the geometry and texture quality.      
### 36.Multi-Anchor Active Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08012.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaption has proven to be an effective approach for alleviating the intensive workload of manual annotation by aligning the synthetic source-domain data and the real-world target-domain samples. Unfortunately, mapping the target-domain distribution to the source-domain unconditionally may distort the essential structural information of the target-domain data. To this end, we firstly propose to introduce a novel multi-anchor based active learning strategy to assist domain adaptation regarding the semantic segmentation task. By innovatively adopting multiple anchors instead of a single centroid, the source domain can be better characterized as a multimodal distribution, thus more representative and complimentary samples are selected from the target domain. With little workload to manually annotate these active samples, the distortion of the target-domain distribution can be effectively alleviated, resulting in a large performance gain. The multi-anchor strategy is additionally employed to model the target-distribution. By regularizing the latent representation of the target samples compact around multiple anchors through a novel soft alignment loss, more precise segmentation can be achieved. Extensive experiments are conducted on public datasets to demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods significantly, along with thorough ablation study to verify the effectiveness of each component.      
### 37.Structured Outdoor Architecture Reconstruction by Exploration and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07990.pdf)
>  This paper presents an explore-and-classify framework for structured architectural reconstruction from an aerial image. Starting from a potentially imperfect building reconstruction by an existing algorithm, our approach 1) explores the space of building models by modifying the reconstruction via heuristic actions; 2) learns to classify the correctness of building models while generating classification labels based on the ground-truth, and 3) repeat. At test time, we iterate exploration and classification, seeking for a result with the best classification score. We evaluate the approach using initial reconstructions by two baselines and two state-of-the-art reconstruction algorithms. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations demonstrate that our approach consistently improves the reconstruction quality from every initial reconstruction.      
### 38.A New Bidirectional Unsupervised Domain Adaptation Segmentation Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07979.pdf)
>  Domain shift happens in cross-domain scenarios commonly because of the wide gaps between different domains: when applying a deep learning model well-trained in one domain to another target domain, the model usually performs poorly. To tackle this problem, unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) techniques are proposed to bridge the gap between different domains, for the purpose of improving model performance without annotation in the target domain. Particularly, UDA has a great value for multimodal medical image analysis, where annotation difficulty is a practical concern. However, most existing UDA methods can only achieve satisfactory improvements in one adaptation direction (e.g., MRI to CT), but often perform poorly in the other (CT to MRI), limiting their practical usage. In this paper, we propose a bidirectional UDA (BiUDA) framework based on disentangled representation learning for equally competent two-way UDA performances. This framework employs a unified domain-aware pattern encoder which not only can adaptively encode images in different domains through a domain controller, but also improve model efficiency by eliminating redundant parameters. Furthermore, to avoid distortion of contents and patterns of input images during the adaptation process, a content-pattern consistency loss is introduced. Additionally, for better UDA segmentation performance, a label consistency strategy is proposed to provide extra supervision by recomposing target-domain-styled images and corresponding source-domain annotations. Comparison experiments and ablation studies conducted on two public datasets demonstrate the superiority of our BiUDA framework to current state-of-the-art UDA methods and the effectiveness of its novel designs. By successfully addressing two-way adaptations, our BiUDA framework offers a flexible solution of UDA techniques to the real-world scenario.      
### 39.Unsupervised Image Generation with Infinite Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07975.pdf)
>  Image generation has been heavily investigated in computer vision, where one core research challenge is to generate images from arbitrarily complex distributions with little supervision. Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) as an implicit approach have achieved great successes in this direction and therefore been employed widely. However, GANs are known to suffer from issues such as mode collapse, non-structured latent space, being unable to compute likelihoods, etc. In this paper, we propose a new unsupervised non-parametric method named mixture of infinite conditional GANs or MIC-GANs, to tackle several GAN issues together, aiming for image generation with parsimonious prior knowledge. Through comprehensive evaluations across different datasets, we show that MIC-GANs are effective in structuring the latent space and avoiding mode collapse, and outperform state-of-the-art methods. MICGANs are adaptive, versatile, and robust. They offer a promising solution to several well-known GAN issues. Code available: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/yinghdb/MICGANs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 40.SynFace: Face Recognition with Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07960.pdf)
>  With the recent success of deep neural networks, remarkable progress has been achieved on face recognition. However, collecting large-scale real-world training data for face recognition has turned out to be challenging, especially due to the label noise and privacy issues. Meanwhile, existing face recognition datasets are usually collected from web images, lacking detailed annotations on attributes (e.g., pose and expression), so the influences of different attributes on face recognition have been poorly investigated. In this paper, we address the above-mentioned issues in face recognition using synthetic face images, i.e., SynFace. Specifically, we first explore the performance gap between recent state-of-the-art face recognition models trained with synthetic and real face images. We then analyze the underlying causes behind the performance gap, e.g., the poor intra-class variations and the domain gap between synthetic and real face images. Inspired by this, we devise the SynFace with identity mixup (IM) and domain mixup (DM) to mitigate the above performance gap, demonstrating the great potentials of synthetic data for face recognition. Furthermore, with the controllable face synthesis model, we can easily manage different factors of synthetic face generation, including pose, expression, illumination, the number of identities, and samples per identity. Therefore, we also perform a systematically empirical analysis on synthetic face images to provide some insights on how to effectively utilize synthetic data for face recognition.      
### 41.WRICNet:A Weighted Rich-scale Inception Coder Network for Multi-Resolution Remote Sensing Image Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07955.pdf)
>  Majority models of remote sensing image changing detection can only get great effect in a specific resolution data set. With the purpose of improving change detection effectiveness of the model in the multi-resolution data set, a weighted rich-scale inception coder network (WRICNet) is proposed in this article, which can make a great fusion of shallow multi-scale features, and deep multi-scale features. The weighted rich-scale inception module of the proposed can obtain shallow multi-scale features, the weighted rich-scale coder module can obtain deep multi-scale features. The weighted scale block assigns appropriate weights to features of different scales, which can strengthen expressive ability of the edge of the changing area. The performance experiments on the multi-resolution data set demonstrate that, compared to the comparative methods, the proposed can further reduce the false alarm outside the change area, and the missed alarm in the change area, besides, the edge of the change area is more accurate. The ablation study of the proposed shows that the training strategy, and improvements of this article can improve the effectiveness of change detection.      
### 42.Self-Supervised Visual Representations Learning by Contrastive Mask Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07954.pdf)
>  Advanced self-supervised visual representation learning methods rely on the instance discrimination (ID) pretext task. We point out that the ID task has an implicit semantic consistency (SC) assumption, which may not hold in unconstrained datasets. In this paper, we propose a novel contrastive mask prediction (CMP) task for visual representation learning and design a mask contrast (MaskCo) framework to implement the idea. MaskCo contrasts region-level features instead of view-level features, which makes it possible to identify the positive sample without any assumptions. To solve the domain gap between masked and unmasked features, we design a dedicated mask prediction head in MaskCo. This module is shown to be the key to the success of the CMP. We evaluated MaskCo on training datasets beyond ImageNet and compare its performance with MoCo V2. Results show that MaskCo achieves comparable performance with MoCo V2 using ImageNet training dataset, but demonstrates a stronger performance across a range of downstream tasks when COCO or Conceptual Captions are used for training. MaskCo provides a promising alternative to the ID-based methods for self-supervised learning in the wild.      
### 43.DeepFake MNIST+: A DeepFake Facial Animation Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07949.pdf)
>  The DeepFakes, which are the facial manipulation techniques, is the emerging threat to digital society. Various DeepFake detection methods and datasets are proposed for detecting such data, especially for face-swapping. However, recent researches less consider facial animation, which is also important in the DeepFake attack side. It tries to animate a face image with actions provided by a driving video, which also leads to a concern about the security of recent payment systems that reply on liveness detection to authenticate real users via recognising a sequence of user facial actions. However, our experiments show that the existed datasets are not sufficient to develop reliable detection methods. While the current liveness detector cannot defend such videos as the attack. As a response, we propose a new human face animation dataset, called DeepFake MNIST+, generated by a SOTA image animation generator. It includes 10,000 facial animation videos in ten different actions, which can spoof the recent liveness detectors. A baseline detection method and a comprehensive analysis of the method is also included in this paper. In addition, we analyze the proposed dataset's properties and reveal the difficulty and importance of detecting animation datasets under different types of motion and compression quality.      
### 44.PLAD: A Dataset for Multi-Size Power Line Assets Detection in High-Resolution UAV Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07944.pdf)
>  Many power line companies are using UAVs to perform their inspection processes instead of putting their workers at risk by making them climb high voltage power line towers, for instance. A crucial task for the inspection is to detect and classify assets in the power transmission lines. However, public data related to power line assets are scarce, preventing a faster evolution of this area. This work proposes the Power Line Assets Dataset, containing high-resolution and real-world images of multiple high-voltage power line components. It has 2,409 annotated objects divided into five classes: transmission tower, insulator, spacer, tower plate, and Stockbridge damper, which vary in size (resolution), orientation, illumination, angulation, and background. This work also presents an evaluation with popular deep object detection methods, showing considerable room for improvement. The PLAD dataset is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/andreluizbvs/PLAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.Object Disparity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07939.pdf)
>  Most of stereo vision works are focusing on computing the dense pixel disparity of a given pair of left and right images. A camera pair usually required lens undistortion and stereo calibration to provide an undistorted epipolar line calibrated image pair for accurate dense pixel disparity computation. Due to noise, object occlusion, repetitive or lack of texture and limitation of matching algorithms, the pixel disparity accuracy usually suffers the most at those object boundary areas. Although statistically the total number of pixel disparity errors might be low (under 2% according to the Kitti Vision Benchmark of current top ranking algorithms), the percentage of these disparity errors at object boundaries are very high. This renders the subsequence 3D object distance detection with much lower accuracy than desired. This paper proposed a different approach for solving a 3D object distance detection by detecting object disparity directly without going through a dense pixel disparity computation. An example squeezenet Object Disparity-SSD (OD-SSD) was constructed to demonstrate an efficient object disparity detection with comparable accuracy compared with Kitti dataset pixel disparity ground truth. Further training and testing results with mixed image dataset captured by several different stereo systems may suggest that an OD-SSD might be agnostic to stereo system parameters such as a baseline, FOV, lens distortion, even left/right camera epipolar line misalignment.      
### 46.FACIAL: Synthesizing Dynamic Talking Face with Implicit Attribute Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07938.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a talking face generation method that takes an audio signal as input and a short target video clip as reference, and synthesizes a photo-realistic video of the target face with natural lip motions, head poses, and eye blinks that are in-sync with the input audio signal. We note that the synthetic face attributes include not only explicit ones such as lip motions that have high correlations with speech, but also implicit ones such as head poses and eye blinks that have only weak correlation with the input audio. To model such complicated relationships among different face attributes with input audio, we propose a FACe Implicit Attribute Learning Generative Adversarial Network (FACIAL-GAN), which integrates the phonetics-aware, context-aware, and identity-aware information to synthesize the 3D face animation with realistic motions of lips, head poses, and eye blinks. Then, our Rendering-to-Video network takes the rendered face images and the attention map of eye blinks as input to generate the photo-realistic output video frames. Experimental results and user studies show our method can generate realistic talking face videos with not only synchronized lip motions, but also natural head movements and eye blinks, with better qualities than the results of state-of-the-art methods.      
### 47.Adversarial Relighting against Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07920.pdf)
>  Deep face recognition (FR) has achieved significantly high accuracy on several challenging datasets and fosters successful real-world applications, even showing high robustness to the illumination variation that is usually regarded as a main threat to the FR system. However, in the real world, illumination variation caused by diverse lighting conditions cannot be fully covered by the limited face dataset. In this paper, we study the threat of lighting against FR from a new angle, i.e., adversarial attack, and identify a new task, i.e., adversarial relighting. Given a face image, adversarial relighting aims to produce a naturally relighted counterpart while fooling the state-of-the-art deep FR methods. To this end, we first propose the physical model-based adversarial relighting attack (ARA) denoted as albedo-quotient-based adversarial relighting attack (AQ-ARA). It generates natural adversarial light under the physical lighting model and guidance of FR systems and synthesizes adversarially relighted face images. Moreover, we propose the auto-predictive adversarial relighting attack (AP-ARA) by training an adversarial relighting network (ARNet) to automatically predict the adversarial light in a one-step manner according to different input faces, allowing efficiency-sensitive applications. More importantly, we propose to transfer the above digital attacks to physical ARA (Phy-ARA) through a precise relighting device, making the estimated adversarial lighting condition reproducible in the real world. We validate our methods on three state-of-the-art deep FR methods, i.e., FaceNet, ArcFace, and CosFace, on two public datasets. The extensive and insightful results demonstrate our work can generate realistic adversarial relighted face images fooling FR easily, revealing the threat of specific light directions and strengths.      
### 48.Activity Recognition for Autism Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07917.pdf)
>  A formal autism diagnosis is an inefficient and lengthy process. Families often have to wait years before receiving a diagnosis for their child; some may not receive one at all due to this delay. One approach to this problem is to use digital technologies to detect the presence of behaviors related to autism, which in aggregate may lead to remote and automated diagnostics. One of the strongest indicators of autism is stimming, which is a set of repetitive, self-stimulatory behaviors such as hand flapping, headbanging, and spinning. Using computer vision to detect hand flapping is especially difficult due to the sparsity of public training data in this space and excessive shakiness and motion in such data. Our work demonstrates a novel method that overcomes these issues: we use hand landmark detection over time as a feature representation which is then fed into a Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) model. We achieve a validation accuracy and F1 Score of about 72% on detecting whether videos from the Self-Stimulatory Behaviour Dataset (SSBD) contain hand flapping or not. Our best model also predicts accurately on external videos we recorded of ourselves outside of the dataset it was trained on. This model uses less than 26,000 parameters, providing promise for fast deployment into ubiquitous and wearable digital settings for a remote autism diagnosis.      
### 49.Spatially and color consistent environment lighting estimation using deep neural networks for mixed reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07903.pdf)
>  The representation of consistent mixed reality (XR) environments requires adequate real and virtual illumination composition in real-time. Estimating the lighting of a real scenario is still a challenge. Due to the ill-posed nature of the problem, classical inverse-rendering techniques tackle the problem for simple lighting setups. However, those assumptions do not satisfy the current state-of-art in computer graphics and XR applications. While many recent works solve the problem using machine learning techniques to estimate the environment light and scene's materials, most of them are limited to geometry or previous knowledge. This paper presents a CNN-based model to estimate complex lighting for mixed reality environments with no previous information about the scene. We model the environment illumination using a set of spherical harmonics (SH) environment lighting, capable of efficiently represent area lighting. We propose a new CNN architecture that inputs an RGB image and recognizes, in real-time, the environment lighting. Unlike previous CNN-based lighting estimation methods, we propose using a highly optimized deep neural network architecture, with a reduced number of parameters, that can learn high complex lighting scenarios from real-world high-dynamic-range (HDR) environment images. We show in the experiments that the CNN architecture can predict the environment lighting with an average mean squared error (MSE) of \num{7.85e-04} when comparing SH lighting coefficients. We validate our model in a variety of mixed reality scenarios. Furthermore, we present qualitative results comparing relights of real-world scenes.      
### 50.Affect-Aware Deep Belief Network Representations for Multimodal Unsupervised Deception Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07897.pdf)
>  Automated systems that detect the social behavior of deception can enhance human well-being across medical, social work, and legal domains. Labeled datasets to train supervised deception detection models can rarely be collected for real-world, high-stakes contexts. To address this challenge, we propose the first unsupervised approach for detecting real-world, high-stakes deception in videos without requiring labels. This paper presents our novel approach for affect-aware unsupervised Deep Belief Networks (DBN) to learn discriminative representations of deceptive and truthful behavior. Drawing on psychology theories that link affect and deception, we experimented with unimodal and multimodal DBN-based approaches trained on facial valence, facial arousal, audio, and visual features. In addition to using facial affect as a feature on which DBN models are trained, we also introduce a DBN training procedure that uses facial affect as an aligner of audio-visual representations. We conducted classification experiments with unsupervised Gaussian Mixture Model clustering to evaluate our approaches. Our best unsupervised approach (trained on facial valence and visual features) achieved an AUC of 80%, outperforming human ability and performing comparably to fully-supervised models. Our results motivate future work on unsupervised, affect-aware computational approaches for detecting deception and other social behaviors in the wild.      
### 51.Adaptive Convolutions with Per-pixel Dynamic Filter Atom  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07895.pdf)
>  Applying feature dependent network weights have been proved to be effective in many fields. However, in practice, restricted by the enormous size of model parameters and memory footprints, scalable and versatile dynamic convolutions with per-pixel adapted filters are yet to be fully explored. In this paper, we address this challenge by decomposing filters, adapted to each spatial position, over dynamic filter atoms generated by a light-weight network from local features. Adaptive receptive fields can be supported by further representing each filter atom over sets of pre-fixed multi-scale bases. As plug-and-play replacements to convolutional layers, the introduced adaptive convolutions with per-pixel dynamic atoms enable explicit modeling of intra-image variance, while avoiding heavy computation, parameters, and memory cost. Our method preserves the appealing properties of conventional convolutions as being translation-equivariant and parametrically efficient. We present experiments to show that, the proposed method delivers comparable or even better performance across tasks, and are particularly effective on handling tasks with significant intra-image variance.      
### 52.Global Pooling, More than Meets the Eye: Position Information is Encoded Channel-Wise in CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07884.pdf)
>  In this paper, we challenge the common assumption that collapsing the spatial dimensions of a 3D (spatial-channel) tensor in a convolutional neural network (CNN) into a vector via global pooling removes all spatial information. Specifically, we demonstrate that positional information is encoded based on the ordering of the channel dimensions, while semantic information is largely not. Following this demonstration, we show the real world impact of these findings by applying them to two applications. First, we propose a simple yet effective data augmentation strategy and loss function which improves the translation invariance of a CNN's output. Second, we propose a method to efficiently determine which channels in the latent representation are responsible for (i) encoding overall position information or (ii) region-specific positions. We first show that semantic segmentation has a significant reliance on the overall position channels to make predictions. We then show for the first time that it is possible to perform a `region-specific' attack, and degrade a network's performance in a particular part of the input. We believe our findings and demonstrated applications will benefit research areas concerned with understanding the characteristics of CNNs.      
### 53.Boosting Salient Object Detection with Transformer-based Asymmetric Bilateral U-Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07851.pdf)
>  Existing salient object detection (SOD) models mainly rely on CNN-based U-shaped structures with skip connections to combine the global contexts and local spatial details that are crucial for locating salient objects and refining object details, respectively. Despite great successes, the ability of CNN in learning global contexts is limited. Recently, the vision transformer has achieved revolutionary progress in computer vision owing to its powerful modeling of global dependencies. However, directly applying the transformer to SOD is obviously suboptimal because the transformer lacks the ability to learn local spatial representations. To this end, this paper explores the combination of transformer and CNN to learn both global and local representations for SOD. We propose a transformer-based Asymmetric Bilateral U-Net (AbiU-Net). The asymmetric bilateral encoder has a transformer path and a lightweight CNN path, where the two paths communicate at each encoder stage to learn complementary global contexts and local spatial details, respectively. The asymmetric bilateral decoder also consists of two paths to process features from the transformer and CNN encoder paths, with communication at each decoder stage for decoding coarse salient object locations and find-grained object details, respectively. Such communication between the two encoder/decoder paths enables AbiU-Net to learn complementary global and local representations, taking advantage of the natural properties of transformer and CNN, respectively. Hence, ABiU-Net provides a new perspective for transformer-based SOD. Extensive experiments demonstrate that ABiU-Net performs favorably against previous state-of-the-art SOD methods. The code will be released.      
### 54.Multi-task learning for jersey number recognition in Ice Hockey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07848.pdf)
>  Identifying players in sports videos by recognizing their jersey numbers is a challenging task in computer vision. We have designed and implemented a multi-task learning network for jersey number recognition. In order to train a network to recognize jersey numbers, two output label representations are used (1) Holistic - considers the entire jersey number as one class, and (2) Digit-wise - considers the two digits in a jersey number as two separate classes. The proposed network learns both holistic and digit-wise representations through a multi-task loss function. We determine the optimal weights to be assigned to holistic and digit-wise losses through an ablation study. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed multi-task learning network performs better than the constituent holistic and digit-wise single-task learning networks.      
### 55.Channel-Temporal Attention for First-Person Video Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07846.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) can transfer knowledge from labeled source data to unlabeled target data of the same categories. However, UDA for first-person action recognition is an under-explored problem, with lack of datasets and limited consideration of first-person video characteristics. This paper focuses on addressing this problem. Firstly, we propose two small-scale first-person video domain adaptation datasets: ADL$_{small}$ and GTEA-KITCHEN. Secondly, we introduce channel-temporal attention blocks to capture the channel-wise and temporal-wise relationships and model their inter-dependencies important to first-person vision. Finally, we propose a Channel-Temporal Attention Network (CTAN) to integrate these blocks into existing architectures. CTAN outperforms baselines on the two proposed datasets and one existing dataset EPIC$_{cvpr20}$.      
### 56.ARCH++: Animation-Ready Clothed Human Reconstruction Revisited  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07845.pdf)
>  We present ARCH++, an image-based method to reconstruct 3D avatars with arbitrary clothing styles. Our reconstructed avatars are animation-ready and highly realistic, in both the visible regions from input views and the unseen regions. While prior work shows great promise of reconstructing animatable clothed humans with various topologies, we observe that there exist fundamental limitations resulting in sub-optimal reconstruction quality. In this paper, we revisit the major steps of image-based avatar reconstruction and address the limitations with ARCH++. First, we introduce an end-to-end point based geometry encoder to better describe the semantics of the underlying 3D human body, in replacement of previous hand-crafted features. Second, in order to address the occupancy ambiguity caused by topological changes of clothed humans in the canonical pose, we propose a co-supervising framework with cross-space consistency to jointly estimate the occupancy in both the posed and canonical spaces. Last, we use image-to-image translation networks to further refine detailed geometry and texture on the reconstructed surface, which improves the fidelity and consistency across arbitrary viewpoints. In the experiments, we demonstrate improvements over the state of the art on both public benchmarks and user studies in reconstruction quality and realism.      
### 57.Deep Reparametrization of Multi-Frame Super-Resolution and Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08286.pdf)
>  We propose a deep reparametrization of the maximum a posteriori formulation commonly employed in multi-frame image restoration tasks. Our approach is derived by introducing a learned error metric and a latent representation of the target image, which transforms the MAP objective to a deep feature space. The deep reparametrization allows us to directly model the image formation process in the latent space, and to integrate learned image priors into the prediction. Our approach thereby leverages the advantages of deep learning, while also benefiting from the principled multi-frame fusion provided by the classical MAP formulation. We validate our approach through comprehensive experiments on burst denoising and burst super-resolution datasets. Our approach sets a new state-of-the-art for both tasks, demonstrating the generality and effectiveness of the proposed formulation.      
### 58.Confidence Adaptive Regularization for Deep Learning with Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08212.pdf)
>  Recent studies on the memorization effects of deep neural networks on noisy labels show that the networks first fit the correctly-labeled training samples before memorizing the mislabeled samples. Motivated by this early-learning phenomenon, we propose a novel method to prevent memorization of the mislabeled samples. Unlike the existing approaches which use the model output to identify or ignore the mislabeled samples, we introduce an indicator branch to the original model and enable the model to produce a confidence value for each sample. The confidence values are incorporated in our loss function which is learned to assign large confidence values to correctly-labeled samples and small confidence values to mislabeled samples. We also propose an auxiliary regularization term to further improve the robustness of the model. To improve the performance, we gradually correct the noisy labels with a well-designed target estimation strategy. We provide the theoretical analysis and conduct the experiments on synthetic and real-world datasets, demonstrating that our approach achieves comparable results to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 59.Overfitting the Data: Compact Neural Video Delivery via Content-aware Feature Modulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08202.pdf)
>  Internet video delivery has undergone a tremendous explosion of growth over the past few years. However, the quality of video delivery system greatly depends on the Internet bandwidth. Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are utilized to improve the quality of video delivery recently. These methods divide a video into chunks, and stream LR video chunks and corresponding content-aware models to the client. The client runs the inference of models to super-resolve the LR chunks. Consequently, a large number of models are streamed in order to deliver a video. In this paper, we first carefully study the relation between models of different chunks, then we tactfully design a joint training framework along with the Content-aware Feature Modulation (CaFM) layer to compress these models for neural video delivery. {\bf With our method, each video chunk only requires less than $1\% $ of original parameters to be streamed, achieving even better SR performance.} We conduct extensive experiments across various SR backbones, video time length, and scaling factors to demonstrate the advantages of our method. Besides, our method can be also viewed as a new approach of video coding. Our primary experiments achieve better video quality compared with the commercial H.264 and H.265 standard under the same storage cost, showing the great potential of the proposed method. Code is available at:\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Neural-video-delivery/CaFM-Pytorch-ICCV2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 60.FOX-NAS: Fast, On-device and Explainable Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08189.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search can discover neural networks with good performance, and One-Shot approaches are prevalent. One-Shot approaches typically require a supernet with weight sharing and predictors that predict the performance of architecture. However, the previous methods take much time to generate performance predictors thus are inefficient. To this end, we propose FOX-NAS that consists of fast and explainable predictors based on simulated annealing and multivariate regression. Our method is quantization-friendly and can be efficiently deployed to the edge. The experiments on different hardware show that FOX-NAS models outperform some other popular neural network architectures. For example, FOX-NAS matches MobileNetV2 and EfficientNet-Lite0 accuracy with 240% and 40% less latency on the edge CPU. FOX-NAS is the 3rd place winner of the 2020 Low-Power Computer Vision Challenge (LPCVC), DSP classification track. See all evaluation results at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://lpcv.ai/competitions/2020" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. Search code and pre-trained models are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/great8nctu/FOX-NAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 61.Gastric Cancer Detection from X-ray Images Using Effective Data Augmentation and Hard Boundary Box Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08158.pdf)
>  X-ray examination is suitable for screening of gastric cancer. Compared to endoscopy, which can only be performed by doctors, X-ray imaging can also be performed by radiographers, and thus, can treat more patients. However, the diagnostic accuracy of gastric radiographs is as low as 85%. To address this problem, highly accurate and quantitative automated diagnosis using machine learning needs to be performed. This paper proposes a diagnostic support method for detecting gastric cancer sites from X-ray images with high accuracy. The two new technical proposal of the method are (1) stochastic functional gastric image augmentation (sfGAIA), and (2) hard boundary box training (HBBT). The former is a probabilistic enhancement of gastric folds in X-ray images based on medical knowledge, whereas the latter is a recursive retraining technique to reduce false positives. We use 4,724 gastric radiographs of 145 patients in clinical practice and evaluate the cancer detection performance of the method in a patient-based five-group cross-validation. The proposed sfGAIA and HBBT significantly enhance the performance of the EfficientDet-D7 network by 5.9% in terms of the F1-score, and our screening method reaches a practical screening capability for gastric cancer (F1: 57.8%, recall: 90.2%, precision: 42.5%).      
### 62.DRDrV3: Complete Lesion Detection in Fundus Images Using Mask R-CNN, Transfer Learning, and LSTM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08095.pdf)
>  Medical Imaging is one of the growing fields in the world of computer vision. In this study, we aim to address the Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) problem as one of the open challenges in medical imaging. In this research, we propose a new lesion detection architecture, comprising of two sub-modules, which is an optimal solution to detect and find not only the type of lesions caused by DR, their corresponding bounding boxes, and their masks; but also the severity level of the overall case. Aside from traditional accuracy, we also use two popular evaluation criteria to evaluate the outputs of our models, which are intersection over union (IOU) and mean average precision (mAP). We hypothesize that this new solution enables specialists to detect lesions with high confidence and estimate the severity of the damage with high accuracy.      
### 63.RANK-NOSH: Efficient Predictor-Based Architecture Search via Non-Uniform Successive Halving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.08019.pdf)
>  Predictor-based algorithms have achieved remarkable performance in the Neural Architecture Search (NAS) tasks. However, these methods suffer from high computation costs, as training the performance predictor usually requires training and evaluating hundreds of architectures from scratch. Previous works along this line mainly focus on reducing the number of architectures required to fit the predictor. In this work, we tackle this challenge from a different perspective - improve search efficiency by cutting down the computation budget of architecture training. We propose NOn-uniform Successive Halving (NOSH), a hierarchical scheduling algorithm that terminates the training of underperforming architectures early to avoid wasting budget. To effectively leverage the non-uniform supervision signals produced by NOSH, we formulate predictor-based architecture search as learning to rank with pairwise comparisons. The resulting method - RANK-NOSH, reduces the search budget by ~5x while achieving competitive or even better performance than previous state-of-the-art predictor-based methods on various spaces and datasets.      
### 64.A New Journey from SDRTV to HDRTV  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07978.pdf)
>  Nowadays modern displays are capable to render video content with high dynamic range (HDR) and wide color gamut (WCG). However, most available resources are still in standard dynamic range (SDR). Therefore, there is an urgent demand to transform existing SDR-TV contents into their HDR-TV versions. In this paper, we conduct an analysis of SDRTV-to-HDRTV task by modeling the formation of SDRTV/HDRTV content. Base on the analysis, we propose a three-step solution pipeline including adaptive global color mapping, local enhancement and highlight generation. Moreover, the above analysis inspires us to present a lightweight network that utilizes global statistics as guidance to conduct image-adaptive color mapping. In addition, we construct a dataset using HDR videos in HDR10 standard, named HDRTV1K, and select five metrics to evaluate the results of SDRTV-to-HDRTV algorithms. Furthermore, our final results achieve state-of-the-art performance in quantitative comparisons and visual quality. The code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chxy95/HDRTVNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 65.Classification and reconstruction of spatially overlapping phase images using diffractive optical networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07977.pdf)
>  Diffractive optical networks unify wave optics and deep learning to all-optically compute a given machine learning or computational imaging task as the light propagates from the input to the output plane. Here, we report the design of diffractive optical networks for the classification and reconstruction of spatially overlapping, phase-encoded objects. When two different phase-only objects spatially overlap, the individual object functions are perturbed since their phase patterns are summed up. The retrieval of the underlying phase images from solely the overlapping phase distribution presents a challenging problem, the solution of which is generally not unique. We show that through a task-specific training process, passive diffractive networks composed of successive transmissive layers can all-optically and simultaneously classify two different randomly-selected, spatially overlapping phase images at the input. After trained with ~550 million unique combinations of phase-encoded handwritten digits from the MNIST dataset, our blind testing results reveal that the diffractive network achieves an accuracy of &gt;85.8% for all-optical classification of two overlapping phase images of new handwritten digits. In addition to all-optical classification of overlapping phase objects, we also demonstrate the reconstruction of these phase images based on a shallow electronic neural network that uses the highly compressed output of the diffractive network as its input (with e.g., ~20-65 times less number of pixels) to rapidly reconstruct both of the phase images, despite their spatial overlap and related phase ambiguity. The presented phase image classification and reconstruction framework might find applications in e.g., computational imaging, microscopy and quantitative phase imaging fields.      
### 66.Thermal Image Processing via Physics-Inspired Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07973.pdf)
>  We introduce DeepIR, a new thermal image processing framework that combines physically accurate sensor modeling with deep network-based image representation. Our key enabling observations are that the images captured by thermal sensors can be factored into slowly changing, scene-independent sensor non-uniformities (that can be accurately modeled using physics) and a scene-specific radiance flux (that is well-represented using a deep network-based regularizer). DeepIR requires neither training data nor periodic ground-truth calibration with a known black body target--making it well suited for practical computer vision tasks. We demonstrate the power of going DeepIR by developing new denoising and super-resolution algorithms that exploit multiple images of the scene captured with camera jitter. Simulated and real data experiments demonstrate that DeepIR can perform high-quality non-uniformity correction with as few as three images, achieving a 10dB PSNR improvement over competing approaches.      
### 67.A Simple Framework for 3D Lensless Imaging with Programmable Masks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07966.pdf)
>  Lensless cameras provide a framework to build thin imaging systems by replacing the lens in a conventional camera with an amplitude or phase mask near the sensor. Existing methods for lensless imaging can recover the depth and intensity of the scene, but they require solving computationally-expensive inverse problems. Furthermore, existing methods struggle to recover dense scenes with large depth variations. In this paper, we propose a lensless imaging system that captures a small number of measurements using different patterns on a programmable mask. In this context, we make three contributions. First, we present a fast recovery algorithm to recover textures on a fixed number of depth planes in the scene. Second, we consider the mask design problem, for programmable lensless cameras, and provide a design template for optimizing the mask patterns with the goal of improving depth estimation. Third, we use a refinement network as a post-processing step to identify and remove artifacts in the reconstruction. These modifications are evaluated extensively with experimental results on a lensless camera prototype to showcase the performance benefits of the optimized masks and recovery algorithms over the state of the art.      
### 68.Learning Conditional Knowledge Distillation for Degraded-Reference Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07948.pdf)
>  An important scenario for image quality assessment (IQA) is to evaluate image restoration (IR) algorithms. The state-of-the-art approaches adopt a full-reference paradigm that compares restored images with their corresponding pristine-quality images. However, pristine-quality images are usually unavailable in blind image restoration tasks and real-world scenarios. In this paper, we propose a practical solution named degraded-reference IQA (DR-IQA), which exploits the inputs of IR models, degraded images, as references. Specifically, we extract reference information from degraded images by distilling knowledge from pristine-quality images. The distillation is achieved through learning a reference space, where various degraded images are encouraged to share the same feature statistics with pristine-quality images. And the reference space is optimized to capture deep image priors that are useful for quality assessment. Note that pristine-quality images are only used during training. Our work provides a powerful and differentiable metric for blind IRs, especially for GAN-based methods. Extensive experiments show that our results can even be close to the performance of full-reference settings.      
### 69.Calibration Method of the Monocular Omnidirectional Stereo Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07936.pdf)
>  Compact and low-cost devices are needed for autonomous driving to image and measure distances to objects 360-degree around. We have been developing an omnidirectional stereo camera exploiting two hyperbolic mirrors and a single set of a lens and sensor, which makes this camera compact and cost efficient. We establish a new calibration method for this camera considering higher-order radial distortion, detailed tangential distortion, an image sensor tilt, and a lens-mirror offset. Our method reduces the calibration error by 6.0 and 4.3 times for the upper- and lower-view images, respectively. The random error of the distance measurement is 4.9% and the systematic error is 5.7% up to objects 14 meters apart, which is improved almost nine times compared to the conventional method. The remaining distance errors is due to a degraded optical resolution of the prototype, which we plan to make further improvements as future work.      
### 70.M-ar-K-Fast Independent Component Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07908.pdf)
>  This study presents the m-arcsinh Kernel ('m-ar-K') Fast Independent Component Analysis ('FastICA') method ('m-ar-K-FastICA') for feature extraction. The kernel trick has enabled dimensionality reduction techniques to capture a higher extent of non-linearity in the data; however, reproducible, open-source kernels to aid with feature extraction are still limited and may not be reliable when projecting features from entropic data. The m-ar-K function, freely available in Python and compatible with its open-source library 'scikit-learn', is hereby coupled with FastICA to achieve more reliable feature extraction in presence of a high extent of randomness in the data, reducing the need for pre-whitening. Different classification tasks were considered, as related to five (N = 5) open access datasets of various degrees of information entropy, available from scikit-learn and the University California Irvine (UCI) Machine Learning repository. Experimental results demonstrate improvements in the classification performance brought by the proposed feature extraction. The novel m-ar-K-FastICA dimensionality reduction approach is compared to the 'FastICA' gold standard method, supporting its higher reliability and computational efficiency, regardless of the underlying uncertainty in the data.      
### 71.OncoPetNet: A Deep Learning based AI system for mitotic figure counting on H&amp;E stained whole slide digital images in a large veterinary diagnostic lab setting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.07856.pdf)
>  Background: Histopathology is an important modality for the diagnosis and management of many diseases in modern healthcare, and plays a critical role in cancer care. Pathology samples can be large and require multi-site sampling, leading to upwards of 20 slides for a single tumor, and the human-expert tasks of site selection and and quantitative assessment of mitotic figures are time consuming and subjective. Automating these tasks in the setting of a digital pathology service presents significant opportunities to improve workflow efficiency and augment human experts in practice. Approach: Multiple state-of-the-art deep learning techniques for histopathology image classification and mitotic figure detection were used in the development of OncoPetNet. Additionally, model-free approaches were used to increase speed and accuracy. The robust and scalable inference engine leverages Pytorch's performance optimizations as well as specifically developed speed up techniques in inference. Results: The proposed system, demonstrated significantly improved mitotic counting performance for 41 cancer cases across 14 cancer types compared to human expert baselines. In 21.9% of cases use of OncoPetNet led to change in tumor grading compared to human expert evaluation. In deployment, an effective 0.27 min/slide inference was achieved in a high throughput veterinary diagnostic pathology service across 2 centers processing 3,323 digital whole slide images daily. Conclusion: This work represents the first successful automated deployment of deep learning systems for real-time expert-level performance on important histopathology tasks at scale in a high volume clinical practice. The resulting impact outlines important considerations for model development, deployment, clinical decision making, and informs best practices for implementation of deep learning systems in digital histopathology practices.      
