# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 9 Aug 2021
### 1.Bird's-Eye-View Panoptic Segmentation Using Monocular Frontal View Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03227.pdf)
>  Bird's-Eye-View (BEV) maps have emerged as one of the most powerful representations for scene understanding due to their ability to provide rich spatial context while being easy to interpret and process. However, generating BEV maps requires complex multi-stage paradigms that encapsulate a series of distinct tasks such as depth estimation, ground plane estimation, and semantic segmentation. These sub-tasks are often learned in a disjoint manner which prevents the model from holistic reasoning and results in erroneous BEV maps. Moreover, existing algorithms only predict the semantics in the BEV space, which limits their use in applications where the notion of object instances is critical. In this work, we present the first end-to-end learning approach for directly predicting dense panoptic segmentation maps in the BEV, given a single monocular image in the frontal view (FV). Our architecture follows the top-down paradigm and incorporates a novel dense transformer module consisting of two distinct transformers that learn to independently map vertical and flat regions in the input image from the FV to the BEV. Additionally, we derive a mathematical formulation for the sensitivity of the FV-BEV transformation which allows us to intelligently weight pixels in the BEV space to account for the varying descriptiveness across the FV image. Extensive evaluations on the KITTI-360 and nuScenes datasets demonstrate that our approach exceeds the state-of-the-art in the PQ metric by 3.61 pp and 4.93 pp respectively.      
### 2.GLASS: Geometric Latent Augmentation for Shape Spaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03225.pdf)
>  We investigate the problem of training generative models on a very sparse collection of 3D models. We use geometrically motivated energies to augment and thus boost a sparse collection of example (training) models. We analyze the Hessian of the as-rigid-as-possible (ARAP) energy to sample from and project to the underlying (local) shape space, and use the augmented dataset to train a variational autoencoder (VAE). We iterate the process of building latent spaces of VAE and augmenting the associated dataset, to progressively reveal a richer and more expressive generative space for creating geometrically and semantically valid samples. Our framework allows us to train generative 3D models even with a small set of good quality 3D models, which are typically hard to curate. We extensively evaluate our method against a set of strong baselines, provide ablation studies and demonstrate application towards establishing shape correspondences. We present multiple examples of interesting and meaningful shape variations even when starting from as few as 3-10 training shapes.      
### 3.Source-Free Domain Adaptation for Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03152.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation (DA) has drawn high interest for its capacity to adapt a model trained on labeled source data to perform well on unlabeled or weakly labeled target data from a different domain. Most common DA techniques require concurrent access to the input images of both the source and target domains. However, in practice, privacy concerns often impede the availability of source images in the adaptation phase. This is a very frequent DA scenario in medical imaging, where, for instance, the source and target images could come from different clinical sites. We introduce a source-free domain adaptation for image segmentation. Our formulation is based on minimizing a label-free entropy loss defined over target-domain data, which we further guide with a domain-invariant prior on the segmentation regions. Many priors can be derived from anatomical information. Here, a class ratio prior is estimated from anatomical knowledge and integrated in the form of a Kullback Leibler (KL) divergence in our overall loss function. Furthermore, we motivate our overall loss with an interesting link to maximizing the mutual information between the target images and their label predictions. We show the effectiveness of our prior aware entropy minimization in a variety of domain-adaptation scenarios, with different modalities and applications, including spine, prostate, and cardiac segmentation. Our method yields comparable results to several state of the art adaptation techniques, despite having access to much less information, as the source images are entirely absent in our adaptation phase. Our straightforward adaptation strategy uses only one network, contrary to popular adversarial techniques, which are not applicable to a source-free DA setting. Our framework can be readily used in a breadth of segmentation problems, and our code is publicly available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mathilde-b/SFDA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 4.Full-Duplex Strategy for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03151.pdf)
>  Appearance and motion are two important sources of information in video object segmentation (VOS). Previous methods mainly focus on using simplex solutions, lowering the upper bound of feature collaboration among and across these two cues. In this paper, we study a novel framework, termed the FSNet (Full-duplex Strategy Network), which designs a relational cross-attention module (RCAM) to achieve the bidirectional message propagation across embedding subspaces. Furthermore, the bidirectional purification module (BPM) is introduced to update the inconsistent features between the spatial-temporal embeddings, effectively improving the model robustness. By considering the mutual restraint within the full-duplex strategy, our FSNet performs the cross-modal feature-passing (i.e., transmission and receiving) simultaneously before the fusion and decoding stage, making it robust to various challenging scenarios (e.g., motion blur, occlusion) in VOS. Extensive experiments on five popular benchmarks (i.e., DAVIS$_{16}$, FBMS, MCL, SegTrack-V2, and DAVSOD$_{19}$) show that our FSNet outperforms other state-of-the-arts for both the VOS and video salient object detection tasks.      
### 5.ELSED: Enhanced Line SEgment Drawing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03144.pdf)
>  Detecting local features, such as corners, segments or blobs, is the first step in the pipeline of many Computer Vision applications. Its speed is crucial for real time applications. In this paper we present ELSED, the fastest line segment detector in the literature. The key for its efficiency is a local segment growing algorithm that connects gradient aligned pixels in presence of small discontinuities. The proposed algorithm not only runs in devices with very low end hardware, but may also be parametrized to foster the detection of short or longer segments, depending on the task at hand. We also introduce new metrics to evaluate the accuracy and repeatability of segment detectors. In our experiments with different public benchmarks we prove that our method is the most efficient in the literature and quantify the accuracy traded for such gain.      
### 6.SELM: Siamese Extreme Learning Machine with Application to Face Biometrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03140.pdf)
>  Extreme Learning Machine is a powerful classification method very competitive existing classification methods. It is extremely fast at training. Nevertheless, it cannot perform face verification tasks properly because face verification tasks require comparison of facial images of two individuals at the same time and decide whether the two faces identify the same person. The structure of Extreme Leaning Machine was not designed to feed two input data streams simultaneously, thus, in 2-input scenarios Extreme Learning Machine methods are normally applied using concatenated inputs. However, this setup consumes two times more computational resources and it is not optimized for recognition tasks where learning a separable distance metric is critical. For these reasons, we propose and develop a Siamese Extreme Learning Machine (SELM). SELM was designed to be fed with two data streams in parallel simultaneously. It utilizes a dual-stream Siamese condition in the extra Siamese layer to transform the data before passing it along to the hidden layer. Moreover, we propose a Gender-Ethnicity-Dependent triplet feature exclusively trained on a variety of specific demographic groups. This feature enables learning and extracting of useful facial features of each group. Experiments were conducted to evaluate and compare the performances of SELM, Extreme Learning Machine, and DCNN. The experimental results showed that the proposed feature was able to perform correct classification at 97.87% accuracy and 99.45% AUC. They also showed that using SELM in conjunction with the proposed feature provided 98.31% accuracy and 99.72% AUC. They outperformed the well-known DCNN and Extreme Leaning Machine methods by a wide margin.      
### 7.Lung Ultrasound Segmentation and Adaptation between COVID-19 and Community-Acquired Pneumonia  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03138.pdf)
>  Lung ultrasound imaging has been shown effective in detecting typical patterns for interstitial pneumonia, as a point-of-care tool for both patients with COVID-19 and other community-acquired pneumonia (CAP). In this work, we focus on the hyperechoic B-line segmentation task. Using deep neural networks, we automatically outline the regions that are indicative of pathology-sensitive artifacts and their associated sonographic patterns. With a real-world data-scarce scenario, we investigate approaches to utilize both COVID-19 and CAP lung ultrasound data to train the networks; comparing fine-tuning and unsupervised domain adaptation. Segmenting either type of lung condition at inference may support a range of clinical applications during evolving epidemic stages, but also demonstrates value in resource-constrained clinical scenarios. Adapting real clinical data acquired from COVID-19 patients to those from CAP patients significantly improved Dice scores from 0.60 to 0.87 (p &lt; 0.001) and from 0.43 to 0.71 (p &lt; 0.001), on independent COVID-19 and CAP test cases, respectively. It is of practical value that the improvement was demonstrated with only a small amount of data in both training and adaptation data sets, a common constraint for deploying machine learning models in clinical practice. Interestingly, we also report that the inverse adaptation, from labelled CAP data to unlabeled COVID-19 data, did not demonstrate an improvement when tested on either condition. Furthermore, we offer a possible explanation that correlates the segmentation performance to label consistency and data domain diversity in this point-of-care lung ultrasound application.      
### 8.Contrastive Learning for View Classification of Echocardiograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03124.pdf)
>  Analysis of cardiac ultrasound images is commonly performed in routine clinical practice for quantification of cardiac function. Its increasing automation frequently employs deep learning networks that are trained to predict disease or detect image features. However, such models are extremely data-hungry and training requires labelling of many thousands of images by experienced clinicians. Here we propose the use of contrastive learning to mitigate the labelling bottleneck. We train view classification models for imbalanced cardiac ultrasound datasets and show improved performance for views/classes for which minimal labelled data is available. Compared to a naive baseline model, we achieve an improvement in F1 score of up to 26% in those views while maintaining state-of-the-art performance for the views with sufficiently many labelled training observations.      
### 9.Uncertainty-Based Dynamic Graph Neighborhoods For Medical Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03117.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning based methods have shown success in essential medical image analysis tasks such as segmentation. Post-processing and refining the results of segmentation is a common practice to decrease the misclassifications originating from the segmentation network. In addition to widely used methods like Conditional Random Fields (CRFs) which focus on the structure of the segmented volume/area, a graph-based recent approach makes use of certain and uncertain points in a graph and refines the segmentation according to a small graph convolutional network (GCN). However, there are two drawbacks of the approach: most of the edges in the graph are assigned randomly and the GCN is trained independently from the segmentation network. To address these issues, we define a new neighbor-selection mechanism according to feature distances and combine the two networks in the training procedure. According to the experimental results on pancreas segmentation from Computed Tomography (CT) images, we demonstrate improvement in the quantitative measures. Also, examining the dynamic neighbors created by our method, edges between semantically similar image parts are observed. The proposed method also shows qualitative enhancements in the segmentation maps, as demonstrated in the visual results.      
### 10.TS4Net: Two-Stage Sample Selective Strategy for Rotating Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03116.pdf)
>  Rotating object detection has wide applications in aerial photographs, remote sensing images, UAVs, etc. At present, most of the rotating object detection datasets focus on the field of remote sensing, and these images are usually shot in high-altitude scenes. However, image datasets captured at low-altitude areas also should be concerned, such as drone-based datasets. So we present a low-altitude dronebased dataset, named UAV-ROD, aiming to promote the research and development in rotating object detection and UAV applications. The UAV-ROD consists of 1577 images and 30,090 instances of car category annotated by oriented bounding boxes. In particular, The UAV-ROD can be utilized for the rotating object detection, vehicle orientation recognition and object counting tasks. Compared with horizontal object detection, the regression stage of the rotation detection is a tricky problem. In this paper, we propose a rotating object detector TS4Net, which contains anchor refinement module (ARM) and two-stage sample selective strategy (TS4). The ARM can convert preseted horizontal anchors into high-quality rotated anchors through twostage anchor refinement. The TS4 module utilizes different constrained sample selective strategies to allocate positive and negative samples, which is adaptive to the regression task in different stages. Benefiting from the ARM and TS4, the TS4Net can achieve superior performance for rotating object detection solely with one preseted horizontal anchor. Extensive experimental results on UAV-ROD dataset and three remote sensing datasets DOTA, HRSC2016 and UCAS-AOD demonstrate that our method achieves competitive performance against most state-of-the-art methods.      
### 11.STR-GQN: Scene Representation and Rendering for Unknown Cameras Based on Spatial Transformation Routing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03072.pdf)
>  Geometry-aware modules are widely applied in recent deep learning architectures for scene representation and rendering. However, these modules require intrinsic camera information that might not be obtained accurately. In this paper, we propose a Spatial Transformation Routing (STR) mechanism to model the spatial properties without applying any geometric prior. The STR mechanism treats the spatial transformation as the message passing process, and the relation between the view poses and the routing weights is modeled by an end-to-end trainable neural network. Besides, an Occupancy Concept Mapping (OCM) framework is proposed to provide explainable rationals for scene-fusion processes. We conducted experiments on several datasets and show that the proposed STR mechanism improves the performance of the Generative Query Network (GQN). The visualization results reveal that the routing process can pass the observed information from one location of some view to the associated location in the other view, which demonstrates the advantage of the proposed model in terms of spatial cognition.      
### 12.Spatiotemporal Contrastive Learning of Facial Expressions in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03064.pdf)
>  We propose a self-supervised contrastive learning approach for facial expression recognition (FER) in videos. We propose a novel temporal sampling-based augmentation scheme to be utilized in addition to standard spatial augmentations used for contrastive learning. Our proposed temporal augmentation scheme randomly picks from one of three temporal sampling techniques: (1) pure random sampling, (2) uniform sampling, and (3) sequential sampling. This is followed by a combination of up to three standard spatial augmentations. We then use a deep R(2+1)D network for FER, which we train in a self-supervised fashion based on the augmentations and subsequently fine-tune. Experiments are performed on the Oulu-CASIA dataset and the performance is compared to other works in FER. The results indicate that our method achieves an accuracy of 89.4%, setting a new state-of-the-art by outperforming other works. Additional experiments and analysis confirm the considerable contribution of the proposed temporal augmentation versus the existing spatial ones.      
### 13.Simpler is Better: Few-shot Semantic Segmentation with Classifier Weight Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03032.pdf)
>  A few-shot semantic segmentation model is typically composed of a CNN encoder, a CNN decoder and a simple classifier (separating foreground and background pixels). Most existing methods meta-learn all three model components for fast adaptation to a new class. However, given that as few as a single support set image is available, effective model adaption of all three components to the new class is extremely challenging. In this work we propose to simplify the meta-learning task by focusing solely on the simplest component, the classifier, whilst leaving the encoder and decoder to pre-training. We hypothesize that if we pre-train an off-the-shelf segmentation model over a set of diverse training classes with sufficient annotations, the encoder and decoder can capture rich discriminative features applicable for any unseen classes, rendering the subsequent meta-learning stage unnecessary. For the classifier meta-learning, we introduce a Classifier Weight Transformer (CWT) designed to dynamically adapt the supportset trained classifier's weights to each query image in an inductive way. Extensive experiments on two standard benchmarks show that despite its simplicity, our method outperforms the state-of-the-art alternatives, often by a large margin.Code is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhiheLu/CWTfor-FSS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Adapting Segmentation Networks to New Domains by Disentangling Latent Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03021.pdf)
>  Deep learning models achieve outstanding accuracy in semantic segmentation, however they require a huge amount of labeled data for their optimization. Hence, domain adaptation approaches have come into play to transfer knowledge acquired on a label-abundant source domain to a related label-scarce target domain. However, such models do not generalize well to data with statistical properties not perfectly matching the ones of the training samples. In this work, we design and carefully analyze multiple latent space-shaping regularization strategies that work in conjunction to reduce the domain discrepancy in semantic segmentation. In particular, we devise a feature clustering strategy to increase domain alignment, a feature perpendicularity constraint to space apart feature belonging to different semantic classes, including those not present in the current batch, and a feature norm alignment strategy to separate active and inactive channels. Additionally, we propose a novel performance metric to capture the relative efficacy of an adaptation strategy compared to supervised training. We verify the effectiveness of our framework in synthetic-to-real and real-to-real adaptation scenarios, outperforming previous state-of-the-art methods on multiple road scenes benchmarks and using different backbones.      
### 15.Feature Detection for Hand Hygiene Stages  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03015.pdf)
>  The process of hand washing involves complex hand movements. There are six principal sequential steps for washing hands as per the World Health Organisation (WHO) guidelines. In this work, a detailed description of an aluminium rig construction for creating a robust hand-washing dataset is discussed. The preliminary results with the help of image processing and computer vision algorithms for hand pose extraction and feature detection such as Harris detector, Shi-Tomasi and SIFT are demonstrated. The hand hygiene pose- Rub hands palm to palm was captured as an input image for running all the experiments. The future work will focus upon processing the video recordings of hand movements captured and applying deep-learning solutions for the classification of hand-hygiene stages.      
### 16.MmWave Radar and Vision Fusion based Object Detection for Autonomous Driving: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03004.pdf)
>  With autonomous driving developing in a booming stage, accurate object detection in complex scenarios attract wide attention to ensure the safety of autonomous driving. Millimeter wave (mmWave) radar and vision fusion is a mainstream solution for accurate obstacle detection. This article presents a detailed survey on mmWave radar and vision fusion based obstacle detection methods. Firstly, we introduce the tasks, evaluation criteria and datasets of object detection for autonomous driving. Then, the process of mmWave radar and vision fusion is divided into three parts: sensor deployment, sensor calibration and sensor fusion, which are reviewed comprehensively. Especially, we classify the fusion methods into data level, decision level and feature level fusion methods. Besides, we introduce the fusion of lidar and vision in autonomous driving in the aspects of obstacle detection, object classification and road segmentation, which is promising in the future. Finally, we summarize this article.      
### 17.AceNAS: Learning to Rank Ace Neural Architectures with Weak Supervision of Weight Sharing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03001.pdf)
>  Architecture performance predictors have been widely used in neural architecture search (NAS). Although they are shown to be simple and effective, the optimization objectives in previous arts (e.g., precise accuracy estimation or perfect ranking of all architectures in the space) did not capture the ranking nature of NAS. In addition, a large number of ground-truth architecture-accuracy pairs are usually required to build a reliable predictor, making the process too computationally expensive. To overcome these, in this paper, we look at NAS from a novel point of view and introduce Learning to Rank (LTR) methods to select the best (ace) architectures from a space. Specifically, we propose to use Normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain (NDCG) as the target metric and LambdaRank as the training algorithm. We also propose to leverage weak supervision from weight sharing by pretraining architecture representation on weak labels obtained from the super-net and then finetuning the ranking model using a small number of architectures trained from scratch. Extensive experiments on NAS benchmarks and large-scale search spaces demonstrate that our approach outperforms SOTA with a significantly reduced search cost.      
### 18.AI-based Aortic Vessel Tree Segmentation for Cardiovascular Diseases Treatment: Status Quo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02998.pdf)
>  The aortic vessel tree is composed of the aorta and its branching arteries, and plays a key role in supplying the whole body with blood. Aortic diseases, like aneurysms or dissections, can lead to an aortic rupture, whose treatment with open surgery is highly risky. Therefore, patients commonly undergo drug treatment under constant monitoring, which requires regular inspections of the vessels through imaging. The standard imaging modality for diagnosis and monitoring is computed tomography (CT), which can provide a detailed picture of the aorta and its branching vessels if combined with a contrast agent, resulting in a CT angiography (CTA). Optimally, the whole aortic vessel tree geometry from consecutive CTAs, are overlaid and compared. This allows to not only detect changes in the aorta, but also more peripheral vessel tree changes, caused by the primary pathology or newly developed. When performed manually, this reconstruction requires slice by slice contouring, which could easily take a whole day for a single aortic vessel tree and, hence, is not feasible in clinical practice. Automatic or semi-automatic vessel tree segmentation algorithms, on the other hand, can complete this task in a fraction of the manual execution time and run in parallel to the clinical routine of the clinicians. In this paper, we systematically review computing techniques for the automatic and semi-automatic segmentation of the aortic vessel tree. The review concludes with an in-depth discussion on how close these state-of-the-art approaches are to an application in clinical practice and how active this research field is, taking into account the number of publications, datasets and challenges.      
### 19.Efficient and Generic Interactive Segmentation Framework to Correct Mispredictions during Clinical Evaluation of Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02996.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation of medical images is an essential first step in computer-aided diagnosis systems for many applications. However, given many disparate imaging modalities and inherent variations in the patient data, it is difficult to consistently achieve high accuracy using modern deep neural networks (DNNs). This has led researchers to propose interactive image segmentation techniques where a medical expert can interactively correct the output of a DNN to the desired accuracy. However, these techniques often need separate training data with the associated human interactions, and do not generalize to various diseases, and types of medical images. In this paper, we suggest a novel conditional inference technique for DNNs which takes the intervention by a medical expert as test time constraints and performs inference conditioned upon these constraints. Our technique is generic can be used for medical images from any modality. Unlike other methods, our approach can correct multiple structures simultaneously and add structures missed at initial segmentation. We report an improvement of 13.3, 12.5, 17.8, 10.2, and 12.4 times in user annotation time than full human annotation for the nucleus, multiple cells, liver and tumor, organ, and brain segmentation respectively. We report a time saving of 2.8, 3.0, 1.9, 4.4, and 8.6 fold compared to other interactive segmentation techniques. Our method can be useful to clinicians for diagnosis and post-surgical follow-up with minimal intervention from the medical expert. The source-code and the detailed results are available here [1].      
### 20.Improving Contrastive Learning by Visualizing Feature Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02982.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning, which aims at minimizing the distance between positive pairs while maximizing that of negative ones, has been widely and successfully applied in unsupervised feature learning, where the design of positive and negative (pos/neg) pairs is one of its keys. In this paper, we attempt to devise a feature-level data manipulation, differing from data augmentation, to enhance the generic contrastive self-supervised learning. To this end, we first design a visualization scheme for pos/neg score (Pos/neg score indicates cosine similarity of pos/neg pair.) distribution, which enables us to analyze, interpret and understand the learning process. To our knowledge, this is the first attempt of its kind. More importantly, leveraging this tool, we gain some significant observations, which inspire our novel Feature Transformation proposals including the extrapolation of positives. This operation creates harder positives to boost the learning because hard positives enable the model to be more view-invariant. Besides, we propose the interpolation among negatives, which provides diversified negatives and makes the model more discriminative. It is the first attempt to deal with both challenges simultaneously. Experiment results show that our proposed Feature Transformation can improve at least 6.0% accuracy on ImageNet-100 over MoCo baseline, and about 2.0% accuracy on ImageNet-1K over the MoCoV2 baseline. Transferring to the downstream tasks successfully demonstrate our model is less task-bias. Visualization tools and codes <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DTennant/CL-Visualizing-Feature-Transformation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 21.Fine-grained Domain Adaptive Crowd Counting via Point-derived Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02980.pdf)
>  Existing domain adaptation methods for crowd counting view each crowd image as a whole and reduce domain discrepancies on crowds and backgrounds simultaneously. However, we argue that these methods are suboptimal, as crowds and backgrounds have quite different characteristics and backgrounds may vary dramatically in different crowd scenes (see Fig.~\ref{teaser}). This makes crowds not well aligned across domains together with backgrounds in a holistic manner. To this end, we propose to untangle crowds and backgrounds from crowd images and design fine-grained domain adaption methods for crowd counting. Different from other tasks which possess region-based fine-grained annotations (e.g., segments or bounding boxes), crowd counting only annotates one point on each human head, which impedes the implementation of fine-grained adaptation methods. To tackle this issue, we propose a novel and effective schema to learn crowd segmentation from point-level crowd counting annotations in the context of Multiple Instance Learning. We further leverage the derived segments to propose a crowd-aware fine-grained domain adaptation framework for crowd counting, which consists of two novel adaptation modules, i.e., Crowd Region Transfer (CRT) and Crowd Density Alignment (CDA). Specifically, the CRT module is designed to guide crowd features transfer across domains beyond background distractions, and the CDA module dedicates to constraining the target-domain crowd density distributions. Extensive experiments on multiple cross-domain settings (i.e., Synthetic $\rightarrow$ Real, Fixed $\rightarrow$ Fickle, Normal $\rightarrow$ BadWeather) demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method compared with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 22.Reducing Spatial Labeling Redundancy for Semi-supervised Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02970.pdf)
>  Labeling is onerous for crowd counting as it should annotate each individual in crowd images. Recently, several methods have been proposed for semi-supervised crowd counting to reduce the labeling efforts. Given a limited labeling budget, they typically select a few crowd images and densely label all individuals in each of them. Despite the promising results, we argue the None-or-All labeling strategy is suboptimal as the densely labeled individuals in each crowd image usually appear similar while the massive unlabeled crowd images may contain entirely diverse individuals. To this end, we propose to break the labeling chain of previous methods and make the first attempt to reduce spatial labeling redundancy for semi-supervised crowd counting. First, instead of annotating all the regions in each crowd image, we propose to annotate the representative ones only. We analyze the region representativeness from both vertical and horizontal directions, and formulate them as cluster centers of Gaussian Mixture Models. Additionally, to leverage the rich unlabeled regions, we exploit the similarities among individuals in each crowd image to directly supervise the unlabeled regions via feature propagation instead of the error-prone label propagation employed in the previous methods. In this way, we can transfer the original spatial labeling redundancy caused by individual similarities to effective supervision signals on the unlabeled regions. Extensive experiments on the widely-used benchmarks demonstrate that our method can outperform previous best approaches by a large margin.      
### 23.Dual-Tuning: Joint Prototype Transfer and Structure Regularization for Compatible Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02959.pdf)
>  Visual retrieval system faces frequent model update and deployment. It is a heavy workload to re-extract features of the whole database every time.Feature compatibility enables the learned new visual features to be directly compared with the old features stored in the database. In this way, when updating the deployed model, we can bypass the inflexible and time-consuming feature re-extraction process. However, the old feature space that needs to be compatible is not ideal and faces the distribution discrepancy problem with the new space caused by different supervision losses. In this work, we propose a global optimization Dual-Tuning method to obtain feature compatibility against different networks and losses. A feature-level prototype loss is proposed to explicitly align two types of embedding features, by transferring global prototype information. Furthermore, we design a component-level mutual structural regularization to implicitly optimize the feature intrinsic structure. Experimental results on million-scale datasets demonstrate that our Dual-Tuning is able to obtain feature compatibility without sacrificing performance. (Our code will be avaliable at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yanbai1993/Dual-Tuning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>)      
### 24.Learning Meta-class Memory for Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02958.pdf)
>  Currently, the state-of-the-art methods treat few-shot semantic segmentation task as a conditional foreground-background segmentation problem, assuming each class is independent. In this paper, we introduce the concept of meta-class, which is the meta information (e.g. certain middle-level features) shareable among all classes. To explicitly learn meta-class representations in few-shot segmentation task, we propose a novel Meta-class Memory based few-shot segmentation method (MM-Net), where we introduce a set of learnable memory embeddings to memorize the meta-class information during the base class training and transfer to novel classes during the inference stage. Moreover, for the $k$-shot scenario, we propose a novel image quality measurement module to select images from the set of support images. A high-quality class prototype could be obtained with the weighted sum of support image features based on the quality measure. Experiments on both PASCAL-$5^i$ and COCO dataset shows that our proposed method is able to achieve state-of-the-art results in both 1-shot and 5-shot settings. Particularly, our proposed MM-Net achieves 37.5\% mIoU on the COCO dataset in 1-shot setting, which is 5.1\% higher than the previous state-of-the-art.      
### 25.Smooth Mesh Estimation from Depth Data using Non-Smooth Convex Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02957.pdf)
>  Meshes are commonly used as 3D maps since they encode the topology of the scene while being lightweight. <br>Unfortunately, 3D meshes are mathematically difficult to handle directly because of their combinatorial and discrete nature. <br>Therefore, most approaches generate 3D meshes of a scene after fusing depth data using volumetric or other representations. <br>Nevertheless, volumetric fusion remains computationally expensive both in terms of speed and memory. <br>In this paper, we leapfrog these intermediate representations and build a 3D mesh directly from a depth map and the sparse landmarks triangulated with visual odometry. <br>To this end, we formulate a non-smooth convex optimization problem that we solve using a primal-dual method. <br>Our approach generates a smooth and accurate 3D mesh that substantially improves the state-of-the-art on direct mesh reconstruction while running in real-time.      
### 26.Few-shot Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Image-to-class Sparse Similarity Encoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02953.pdf)
>  This paper investigates a valuable setting called few-shot unsupervised domain adaptation (FS-UDA), which has not been sufficiently studied in the literature. In this setting, the source domain data are labelled, but with few-shot per category, while the target domain data are unlabelled. To address the FS-UDA setting, we develop a general UDA model to solve the following two key issues: the few-shot labeled data per category and the domain adaptation between support and query sets. Our model is general in that once trained it will be able to be applied to various FS-UDA tasks from the same source and target domains. Inspired by the recent local descriptor based few-shot learning (FSL), our general UDA model is fully built upon local descriptors (LDs) for image classification and domain adaptation. By proposing a novel concept called similarity patterns (SPs), our model not only effectively considers the spatial relationship of LDs that was ignored in previous FSL methods, but also makes the learned image similarity better serve the required domain alignment. Specifically, we propose a novel IMage-to-class sparse Similarity Encoding (IMSE) method. It learns SPs to extract the local discriminative information for classification and meanwhile aligns the covariance matrix of the SPs for domain adaptation. Also, domain adversarial training and multi-scale local feature matching are performed upon LDs. Extensive experiments conducted on a multi-domain benchmark dataset DomainNet demonstrates the state-of-the-art performance of our IMSE for the novel setting of FS-UDA. In addition, for FSL, our IMSE can also show better performance than most of recent FSL methods on miniImageNet.      
### 27.Deep Learning-based Biological Anatomical Landmark Detection in Colonoscopy Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02948.pdf)
>  Colonoscopy is a standard imaging tool for visualizing the entire gastrointestinal (GI) tract of patients to capture lesion areas. However, it takes the clinicians excessive time to review a large number of images extracted from colonoscopy videos. Thus, automatic detection of biological anatomical landmarks within the colon is highly demanded, which can help reduce the burden of clinicians by providing guidance information for the locations of lesion areas. In this article, we propose a novel deep learning-based approach to detect biological anatomical landmarks in colonoscopy videos. First, raw colonoscopy video sequences are pre-processed to reject interference frames. Second, a ResNet-101 based network is used to detect three biological anatomical landmarks separately to obtain the intermediate detection results. Third, to achieve more reliable localization of the landmark periods within the whole video period, we propose to post-process the intermediate detection results by identifying the incorrectly predicted frames based on their temporal distribution and reassigning them back to the correct class. Finally, the average detection accuracy reaches 99.75\%. Meanwhile, the average IoU of 0.91 shows a high degree of similarity between our predicted landmark periods and ground truth. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed model is capable of accurately detecting and localizing biological anatomical landmarks from colonoscopy videos.      
### 28.Vision-Based Food Analysis for Automatic Dietary Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02947.pdf)
>  Background: Maintaining a healthy diet is vital to avoid health-related issues, e.g., undernutrition, obesity and many non-communicable diseases. An indispensable part of the health diet is dietary assessment. Traditional manual recording methods are burdensome and contain substantial biases and errors. Recent advances in Artificial Intelligence, especially computer vision technologies, have made it possible to develop automatic dietary assessment solutions, which are more convenient, less time-consuming and even more accurate to monitor daily food intake. <br>Scope and approach: This review presents one unified Vision-Based Dietary Assessment (VBDA) framework, which generally consists of three stages: food image analysis, volume estimation and nutrient derivation. Vision-based food analysis methods, including food recognition, detection and segmentation, are systematically summarized, and methods of volume estimation and nutrient derivation are also given. The prosperity of deep learning makes VBDA gradually move to an end-to-end implementation, which applies food images to a single network to directly estimate the nutrition. The recently proposed end-to-end methods are also discussed. We further analyze existing dietary assessment datasets, indicating that one large-scale benchmark is urgently needed, and finally highlight key challenges and future trends for VBDA. <br>Key findings and conclusions: After thorough exploration, we find that multi-task end-to-end deep learning approaches are one important trend of VBDA. Despite considerable research progress, many challenges remain for VBDA due to the meal complexity. We also provide the latest ideas for future development of VBDA, e.g., fine-grained food analysis and accurate volume estimation. This survey aims to encourage researchers to propose more practical solutions for VBDA.      
### 29.Evaluating Adversarial Attacks on Driving Safety in Vision-Based Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02940.pdf)
>  In recent years, many deep learning models have been adopted in autonomous driving. At the same time, these models introduce new vulnerabilities that may compromise the safety of autonomous vehicles. Specifically, recent studies have demonstrated that adversarial attacks can cause a significant decline in detection precision of deep learning-based 3D object detection models. Although driving safety is the ultimate concern for autonomous driving, there is no comprehensive study on the linkage between the performance of deep learning models and the driving safety of autonomous vehicles under adversarial attacks. In this paper, we investigate the impact of two primary types of adversarial attacks, perturbation attacks and patch attacks, on the driving safety of vision-based autonomous vehicles rather than the detection precision of deep learning models. In particular, we consider two state-of-the-art models in vision-based 3D object detection, Stereo R-CNN and DSGN. To evaluate driving safety, we propose an end-to-end evaluation framework with a set of driving safety performance metrics. By analyzing the results of our extensive evaluation experiments, we find that (1) the attack's impact on the driving safety of autonomous vehicles and the attack's impact on the precision of 3D object detectors are decoupled, and (2) the DSGN model demonstrates stronger robustness to adversarial attacks than the Stereo R-CNN model. In addition, we further investigate the causes behind the two findings with an ablation study. The findings of this paper provide a new perspective to evaluate adversarial attacks and guide the selection of deep learning models in autonomous driving.      
### 30.ILVR: Conditioning Method for Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02938.pdf)
>  Denoising diffusion probabilistic models (DDPM) have shown remarkable performance in unconditional image generation. However, due to the stochasticity of the generative process in DDPM, it is challenging to generate images with the desired semantics. In this work, we propose Iterative Latent Variable Refinement (ILVR), a method to guide the generative process in DDPM to generate high-quality images based on a given reference image. Here, the refinement of the generative process in DDPM enables a single DDPM to sample images from various sets directed by the reference image. The proposed ILVR method generates high-quality images while controlling the generation. The controllability of our method allows adaptation of a single DDPM without any additional learning in various image generation tasks, such as generation from various downsampling factors, multi-domain image translation, paint-to-image, and editing with scribbles.      
### 31.High-frequency shape recovery from shading by CNN and domain adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02937.pdf)
>  Importance of structured-light based one-shot scanning technique is increasing because of its simple system configuration and ability of capturing moving objects. One severe limitation of the technique is that it can capture only sparse shape, but not high frequency shapes, because certain area of projection pattern is required to encode spatial information. In this paper, we propose a technique to recover high-frequency shapes by using shading information, which is captured by one-shot RGB-D sensor based on structured light with single camera. Since color image comprises shading information of object surface, high-frequency shapes can be recovered by shape from shading techniques. Although multiple images with different lighting positions are required for shape from shading techniques, we propose a learning based approach to recover shape from a single image. In addition, to overcome the problem of preparing sufficient amount of data for training, we propose a new data augmentation method for high-frequency shapes using synthetic data and domain adaptation. Experimental results are shown to confirm the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 32.From Synthetic to Real: Image Dehazing Collaborating with Unlabeled Real Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02934.pdf)
>  Single image dehazing is a challenging task, for which the domain shift between synthetic training data and real-world testing images usually leads to degradation of existing methods. To address this issue, we propose a novel image dehazing framework collaborating with unlabeled real data. First, we develop a disentangled image dehazing network (DID-Net), which disentangles the feature representations into three component maps, i.e. the latent haze-free image, the transmission map, and the global atmospheric light estimate, respecting the physical model of a haze process. Our DID-Net predicts the three component maps by progressively integrating features across scales, and refines each map by passing an independent refinement network. Then a disentangled-consistency mean-teacher network (DMT-Net) is employed to collaborate unlabeled real data for boosting single image dehazing. Specifically, we encourage the coarse predictions and refinements of each disentangled component to be consistent between the student and teacher networks by using a consistency loss on unlabeled real data. We make comparison with 13 state-of-the-art dehazing methods on a new collected dataset (Haze4K) and two widely-used dehazing datasets (i.e., SOTS and HazeRD), as well as on real-world hazy images. Experimental results demonstrate that our method has obvious quantitative and qualitative improvements over the existing methods.      
### 33.Detailed Avatar Recovery from Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02931.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel framework to recover \emph{detailed} avatar from a single image. It is a challenging task due to factors such as variations in human shapes, body poses, texture, and viewpoints. Prior methods typically attempt to recover the human body shape using a parametric-based template that lacks the surface details. As such resulting body shape appears to be without clothing. In this paper, we propose a novel learning-based framework that combines the robustness of the parametric model with the flexibility of free-form 3D deformation. We use the deep neural networks to refine the 3D shape in a Hierarchical Mesh Deformation (HMD) framework, utilizing the constraints from body joints, silhouettes, and per-pixel shading information. Our method can restore detailed human body shapes with complete textures beyond skinned models. Experiments demonstrate that our method has outperformed previous state-of-the-art approaches, achieving better accuracy in terms of both 2D IoU number and 3D metric distance.      
### 34.VinaFood21: A Novel Dataset for Evaluating Vietnamese Food Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02929.pdf)
>  Vietnam is such an attractive tourist destination with its stunning and pristine landscapes and its top-rated unique food and drink. Among thousands of Vietnamese dishes, foreigners and native people are interested in easy-to-eat tastes and easy-to-do recipes, along with reasonable prices, mouthwatering flavors, and popularity. Due to the diversity and almost all the dishes have significant similarities and the lack of quality Vietnamese food datasets, it is hard to implement an auto system to classify Vietnamese food, therefore, make people easier to discover Vietnamese food. This paper introduces a new Vietnamese food dataset named VinaFood21, which consists of 13,950 images corresponding to 21 dishes. We use 10,044 images for model training and 6,682 test images to classify each food in the VinaFood21 dataset and achieved an average accuracy of 74.81% when fine-tuning CNN EfficientNet-B0. (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nguyenvd-uit/uit-together-dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>)      
### 35.DOLG: Single-Stage Image Retrieval with Deep Orthogonal Fusion of Local and Global Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02927.pdf)
>  Image Retrieval is a fundamental task of obtaining images similar to the query one from a database. A common image retrieval practice is to firstly retrieve candidate images via similarity search using global image features and then re-rank the candidates by leveraging their local features. Previous learning-based studies mainly focus on either global or local image representation learning to tackle the retrieval task. In this paper, we abandon the two-stage paradigm and seek to design an effective single-stage solution by integrating local and global information inside images into compact image representations. Specifically, we propose a Deep Orthogonal Local and Global (DOLG) information fusion framework for end-to-end image retrieval. It attentively extracts representative local information with multi-atrous convolutions and self-attention at first. Components orthogonal to the global image representation are then extracted from the local information. At last, the orthogonal components are concatenated with the global representation as a complementary, and then aggregation is performed to generate the final representation. The whole framework is end-to-end differentiable and can be trained with image-level labels. Extensive experimental results validate the effectiveness of our solution and show that our model achieves state-of-the-art image retrieval performances on Revisited Oxford and Paris datasets.      
### 36.Interpretable Visual Understanding with Cognitive Attention Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02924.pdf)
>  While image understanding on recognition-level has achieved remarkable advancements, reliable visual scene understanding requires comprehensive image understanding on recognition-level but also cognition-level, which calls for exploiting the multi-source information as well as learning different levels of understanding and extensive commonsense knowledge. In this paper, we propose a novel Cognitive Attention Network (CAN) for visual commonsense reasoning to achieve interpretable visual understanding. Specifically, we first introduce an image-text fusion module to fuse information from images and text collectively. Second, a novel inference module is designed to encode commonsense among image, query and response. Extensive experiments on large-scale Visual Commonsense Reasoning (VCR) benchmark dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. The implementation is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tanjatang/CAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 37.StrucTexT: Structured Text Understanding with Multi-Modal Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02923.pdf)
>  Structured text understanding on Visually Rich Documents (VRDs) is a crucial part of Document Intelligence. Due to the complexity of content and layout in VRDs, structured text understanding has been a challenging task. Most existing studies decoupled this problem into two sub-tasks: entity labeling and entity linking, which require an entire understanding of the context of documents at both token and segment levels. However, little work has been concerned with the solutions that efficiently extract the structured data from different levels. This paper proposes a unified framework named StrucTexT, which is flexible and effective for handling both sub-tasks. Specifically, based on the transformer, we introduce a segment-token aligned encoder to deal with the entity labeling and entity linking tasks at different levels of granularity. Moreover, we design a novel pre-training strategy with three self-supervised tasks to learn a richer representation. StrucTexT uses the existing Masked Visual Language Modeling task and the new Sentence Length Prediction and Paired Boxes Direction tasks to incorporate the multi-modal information across text, image, and layout. We evaluate our method for structured text understanding at segment-level and token-level and show it outperforms the state-of-the-art counterparts with significantly superior performance on the FUNSD, SROIE, and EPHOIE datasets.      
### 38.Basis Scaling and Double Pruning for Efficient Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02893.pdf)
>  Transfer learning allows the reuse of deep learning features on new datasets with limited data. However, the resulting models could be unnecessarily large and thus inefficient. Although network pruning can be applied to improve inference efficiency, existing algorithms usually require fine-tuning and may not be suitable for small datasets. In this paper, we propose an algorithm that transforms the convolutional weights into the subspaces of orthonormal bases where a model is pruned. Using singular value decomposition, we decompose a convolutional layer into two layers: a convolutional layer with the orthonormal basis vectors as the filters, and a layer that we name "BasisScalingConv", which is responsible for rescaling the features and transforming them back to the original space. As the filters in each transformed layer are linearly independent with known relative importance, pruning can be more effective and stable, and fine tuning individual weights is unnecessary. Furthermore, as the numbers of input and output channels of the original convolutional layer remain unchanged, basis pruning is applicable to virtually all network architectures. Basis pruning can also be combined with existing pruning algorithms for double pruning to further increase the pruning capability. With less than 1% reduction in the classification accuracy, we can achieve pruning ratios up to 98.9% in parameters and 98.6% in FLOPs.      
### 39.Out-of-domain Generalization from a Single Source: A Uncertainty Quantification Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02888.pdf)
>  We study a worst-case scenario in generalization: Out-of-domain generalization from a single source. The goal is to learn a robust model from a single source and expect it to generalize over many unknown distributions. This challenging problem has been seldom investigated while existing solutions suffer from various limitations such as the ignorance of uncertainty assessment and label augmentation. In this paper, we propose uncertainty-guided domain generalization to tackle the aforementioned limitations. The key idea is to augment the source capacity in both feature and label spaces, while the augmentation is guided by uncertainty assessment. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to (1) quantify the generalization uncertainty from a single source and (2) leverage it to guide both feature and label augmentation for robust generalization. The model training and deployment are effectively organized in a Bayesian meta-learning framework. We conduct extensive comparisons and ablation study to validate our approach. The results prove our superior performance in a wide scope of tasks including image classification, semantic segmentation, text classification, and speech recognition.      
### 40.Disentangled Lifespan Face Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02874.pdf)
>  A lifespan face synthesis (LFS) model aims to generate a set of photo-realistic face images of a person's whole life, given only one snapshot as reference. The generated face image given a target age code is expected to be age-sensitive reflected by bio-plausible transformations of shape and texture, while being identity preserving. This is extremely challenging because the shape and texture characteristics of a face undergo separate and highly nonlinear transformations w.r.t. age. Most recent LFS models are based on generative adversarial networks (GANs) whereby age code conditional transformations are applied to a latent face representation. They benefit greatly from the recent advancements of GANs. However, without explicitly disentangling their latent representations into the texture, shape and identity factors, they are fundamentally limited in modeling the nonlinear age-related transformation on texture and shape whilst preserving identity. In this work, a novel LFS model is proposed to disentangle the key face characteristics including shape, texture and identity so that the unique shape and texture age transformations can be modeled effectively. This is achieved by extracting shape, texture and identity features separately from an encoder. Critically, two transformation modules, one conditional convolution based and the other channel attention based, are designed for modeling the nonlinear shape and texture feature transformations respectively. This is to accommodate their rather distinct aging processes and ensure that our synthesized images are both age-sensitive and identity preserving. Extensive experiments show that our LFS model is clearly superior to the state-of-the-art alternatives. Codes and demo are available on our project website: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://senhe.github.io/projects/iccv_2021_lifespan_face" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 41.A Data Augmented Approach to Transfer Learning for Covid-19 Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02870.pdf)
>  Covid-19 detection at an early stage can aid in an effective treatment and isolation plan to prevent its spread. Recently, transfer learning has been used for Covid-19 detection using X-ray, ultrasound, and CT scans. One of the major limitations inherent to these proposed methods is limited labeled dataset size that affects the reliability of Covid-19 diagnosis and disease progression. In this work, we demonstrate that how we can augment limited X-ray images data by using Contrast limited adaptive histogram equalization (CLAHE) to train the last layer of the pre-trained deep learning models to mitigate the bias of transfer learning for Covid-19 detection. We transfer learned various pre-trained deep learning models including AlexNet, ZFNet, VGG-16, ResNet-18, and GoogLeNet, and fine-tune the last layer by using CLAHE-augmented dataset. The experiment results reveal that the CLAHE-based augmentation to various pre-trained deep learning models significantly improves the model efficiency. The pre-trained VCG-16 model with CLAHEbased augmented images achieves a sensitivity of 95% using 15 epochs. AlexNet works show good sensitivity when trained on non-augmented data. Other models demonstrate a value of less than 60% when trained on non-augmented data. Our results reveal that the sample bias can negatively impact the performance of transfer learning which is significantly improved by using CLAHE-based augmentation.      
### 42.3DRIMR: 3D Reconstruction and Imaging via mmWave Radar based on Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02858.pdf)
>  mmWave radar has been shown as an effective sensing technique in low visibility, smoke, dusty, and dense fog environment. However tapping the potential of radar sensing to reconstruct 3D object shapes remains a great challenge, due to the characteristics of radar data such as sparsity, low resolution, specularity, high noise, and multi-path induced shadow reflections and artifacts. In this paper we propose 3D Reconstruction and Imaging via mmWave Radar (3DRIMR), a deep learning based architecture that reconstructs 3D shape of an object in dense detailed point cloud format, based on sparse raw mmWave radar intensity data. The architecture consists of two back-to-back conditional GAN deep neural networks: the first generator network generates 2D depth images based on raw radar intensity data, and the second generator network outputs 3D point clouds based on the results of the first generator. The architecture exploits both convolutional neural network's convolutional operation (that extracts local structure neighborhood information) and the efficiency and detailed geometry capture capability of point clouds (other than costly voxelization of 3D space or distance fields). Our experiments have demonstrated 3DRIMR's effectiveness in reconstructing 3D objects, and its performance improvement over standard techniques.      
### 43.Attention-based fusion of semantic boundary and non-boundary information to improve semantic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02840.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a method for image semantic segmentation grounded on a novel fusion scheme, which takes place inside a deep convolutional neural network. The main goal of our proposal is to explore object boundary information to improve the overall segmentation performance. Unlike previous works that combine boundary and segmentation features, or those that use boundary information to regularize semantic segmentation, we instead propose a novel approach that embodies boundary information onto segmentation. For that, our semantic segmentation method uses two streams, which are combined through an attention gate, forming an end-to-end Y-model. To the best of our knowledge, ours is the first work to show that boundary detection can improve semantic segmentation when fused through a semantic fusion gate (attention model). We performed an extensive evaluation of our method over public data sets. We found competitive results on all data sets after comparing our proposed model with other twelve state-of-the-art segmenters, considering the same training conditions. Our proposed model achieved the best mIoU on the CityScapes, CamVid, and Pascal Context data sets, and the second best on Mapillary Vistas.      
### 44.Elaborative Rehearsal for Zero-shot Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02833.pdf)
>  The growing number of action classes has posed a new challenge for video understanding, making Zero-Shot Action Recognition (ZSAR) a thriving direction. The ZSAR task aims to recognize target (unseen) actions without training examples by leveraging semantic representations to bridge seen and unseen actions. However, due to the complexity and diversity of actions, it remains challenging to semantically represent action classes and transfer knowledge from seen data. In this work, we propose an ER-enhanced ZSAR model inspired by an effective human memory technique Elaborative Rehearsal (ER), which involves elaborating a new concept and relating it to known concepts. Specifically, we expand each action class as an Elaborative Description (ED) sentence, which is more discriminative than a class name and less costly than manual-defined attributes. Besides directly aligning class semantics with videos, we incorporate objects from the video as Elaborative Concepts (EC) to improve video semantics and generalization from seen actions to unseen actions. Our ER-enhanced ZSAR model achieves state-of-the-art results on three existing benchmarks. Moreover, we propose a new ZSAR evaluation protocol on the Kinetics dataset to overcome limitations of current benchmarks and demonstrate the first case where ZSAR performance is comparable to few-shot learning baselines on this more realistic setting. We will release our codes and collected EDs at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DeLightCMU/ElaborativeRehearsal" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.Evaluating CLIP: Towards Characterization of Broader Capabilities and Downstream Implications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02818.pdf)
>  Recently, there have been breakthroughs in computer vision ("CV") models that are more generalizable with the advent of models such as CLIP and ALIGN. In this paper, we analyze CLIP and highlight some of the challenges such models pose. CLIP reduces the need for task specific training data, potentially opening up many niche tasks to automation. CLIP also allows its users to flexibly specify image classification classes in natural language, which we find can shift how biases manifest. Additionally, through some preliminary probes we find that CLIP can inherit biases found in prior computer vision systems. Given the wide and unpredictable domain of uses for such models, this raises questions regarding what sufficiently safe behaviour for such systems may look like. These results add evidence to the growing body of work calling for a change in the notion of a 'better' model--to move beyond simply looking at higher accuracy at task-oriented capability evaluations, and towards a broader 'better' that takes into account deployment-critical features such as different use contexts, and people who interact with the model when thinking about model deployment.      
### 46.Neural Twins Talk &amp; Alternative Calculations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02807.pdf)
>  Inspired by how the human brain employs a higher number of neural pathways when describing a highly focused subject, we show that deep attentive models used for the main vision-language task of image captioning, could be extended to achieve better performance. Image captioning bridges a gap between computer vision and natural language processing. Automated image captioning is used as a tool to eliminate the need for human agent for creating descriptive captions for unseen images.Automated image captioning is challenging and yet interesting. One reason is that AI based systems capable of generating sentences that describe an input image could be used in a wide variety of tasks beyond generating captions for unseen images found on web or uploaded to social media. For example, in biology and medical sciences, these systems could provide researchers and physicians with a brief linguistic description of relevant images, potentially expediting their work.      
### 47.A volumetric change detection framework using UAV oblique photogrammetry - A case study of ultra-high-resolution monitoring of progressive building collapse  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02800.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a case study that performs an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) based fine-scale 3D change detection and monitoring of progressive collapse performance of a building during a demolition event. Multi-temporal oblique photogrammetry images are collected with 3D point clouds generated at different stages of the demolition. The geometric accuracy of the generated point clouds has been evaluated against both airborne and terrestrial LiDAR point clouds, achieving an average distance of 12 cm and 16 cm for roof and facade respectively. We propose a hierarchical volumetric change detection framework that unifies multi-temporal UAV images for pose estimation (free of ground control points), reconstruction, and a coarse-to-fine 3D density change analysis. This work has provided a solution capable of addressing change detection on full 3D time-series datasets where dramatic scene content changes are presented progressively. Our change detection results on the building demolition event have been evaluated against the manually marked ground-truth changes and have achieved an F-1 score varying from 0.78 to 0.92, with consistently high precision (0.92 - 0.99). Volumetric changes through the demolition progress are derived from change detection and have shown to favorably reflect the qualitative and quantitative building demolition progression.      
### 48.Self-Supervised Learning from Unlabeled Fundus Photographs Improves Segmentation of the Retina  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02798.pdf)
>  Fundus photography is the primary method for retinal imaging and essential for diabetic retinopathy prevention. Automated segmentation of fundus photographs would improve the quality, capacity, and cost-effectiveness of eye care screening programs. However, current segmentation methods are not robust towards the diversity in imaging conditions and pathologies typical for real-world clinical applications. To overcome these limitations, we utilized contrastive self-supervised learning to exploit the large variety of unlabeled fundus images in the publicly available EyePACS dataset. We pre-trained an encoder of a U-Net, which we later fine-tuned on several retinal vessel and lesion segmentation datasets. We demonstrate for the first time that by using contrastive self-supervised learning, the pre-trained network can recognize blood vessels, optic disc, fovea, and various lesions without being provided any labels. Furthermore, when fine-tuned on a downstream blood vessel segmentation task, such pre-trained networks achieve state-of-the-art performance on images from different datasets. Additionally, the pre-training also leads to shorter training times and an improved few-shot performance on both blood vessel and lesion segmentation tasks. Altogether, our results showcase the benefits of contrastive self-supervised pre-training which can play a crucial role in real-world clinical applications requiring robust models able to adapt to new devices with only a few annotated samples.      
### 49.Dynamic Semantic Occupancy Mapping using 3D Scene Flow and Closed-Form Bayesian Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03180.pdf)
>  This paper reports on a dynamic semantic mapping framework that incorporates 3D scene flow measurements into a closed-form Bayesian inference model. Existence of dynamic objects in the environment cause artifacts and traces in current mapping algorithms, leading to an inconsistent map posterior. We leverage state-of-the-art semantic segmentation and 3D flow estimation using deep learning to provide measurements for map inference. We develop a continuous (i.e., can be queried at arbitrary resolution) Bayesian model that propagates the scene with flow and infers a 3D semantic occupancy map with better performance than its static counterpart. Experimental results using publicly available data sets show that the proposed framework generalizes its predecessors and improves over direct measurements from deep neural networks consistently.      
### 50.Pattern Recognition in Vital Signs Using Spectrograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03168.pdf)
>  Spectrograms visualize the frequency components of a given signal which may be an audio signal or even a time-series signal. Audio signals have higher sampling rate and high variability of frequency with time. Spectrograms can capture such variations well. But, vital signs which are time-series signals have less sampling frequency and low-frequency variability due to which, spectrograms fail to express variations and patterns. In this paper, we propose a novel solution to introduce frequency variability using frequency modulation on vital signs. Then we apply spectrograms on frequency modulated signals to capture the patterns. The proposed approach has been evaluated on 4 different medical datasets across both prediction and classification tasks. Significant results are found showing the efficacy of the approach for vital sign signals. The results from the proposed approach are promising with an accuracy of 91.55% and 91.67% in prediction and classification tasks respectively.      
### 51.COVID-Net US: A Tailored, Highly Efficient, Self-Attention Deep Convolutional Neural Network Design for Detection of COVID-19 Patient Cases from Point-of-care Ultrasound Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03131.pdf)
>  The Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has impacted many aspects of life globally, and a critical factor in mitigating its effects is screening individuals for infections, thereby allowing for both proper treatment for those individuals as well as action to be taken to prevent further spread of the virus. Point-of-care ultrasound (POCUS) imaging has been proposed as a screening tool as it is a much cheaper and easier to apply imaging modality than others that are traditionally used for pulmonary examinations, namely chest x-ray and computed tomography. Given the scarcity of expert radiologists for interpreting POCUS examinations in many highly affected regions around the world, low-cost deep learning-driven clinical decision support solutions can have a large impact during the on-going pandemic. Motivated by this, we introduce COVID-Net US, a highly efficient, self-attention deep convolutional neural network design tailored for COVID-19 screening from lung POCUS images. Experimental results show that the proposed COVID-Net US can achieve an AUC of over 0.98 while achieving 353X lower architectural complexity, 62X lower computational complexity, and 14.3X faster inference times on a Raspberry Pi. Clinical validation was also conducted, where select cases were reviewed and reported on by a practicing clinician (20 years of clinical practice) specializing in intensive care (ICU) and 15 years of expertise in POCUS interpretation. To advocate affordable healthcare and artificial intelligence for resource-constrained environments, we have made COVID-Net US open source and publicly available as part of the COVID-Net open source initiative.      
### 52.Beyond the Hausdorff Metric in Digital Topology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03114.pdf)
>  Two objects may be close in the Hausdor? metric, yet have very different geometric and topological properties. We examine other methods of comparing digital images such that objects close in each of these measures have some similar geometric or topological property. Such measures may be combined with the Hausdorff metric to yield a metric in which close images are similar with respect to multiple properties.      
### 53.Fast and Accurate Low-Rank Tensor Completion Methods Based on QR Decomposition and $L_{2,1}$ Norm Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03002.pdf)
>  More recently, an Approximate SVD Based on Qatar Riyal (QR) Decomposition (CSVD-QR) method for matrix complete problem is presented, whose computational complexity is $O(r^2(m+n))$, which is mainly due to that $r$ is far less than $\min\{m,n\}$, where $r$ represents the largest number of singular values of matrix $X$. What is particularly interesting is that after replacing the nuclear norm with the $L_{2,1}$ norm proposed based on this decomposition, as the upper bound of the nuclear norm, when the intermediate matrix $D$ in its decomposition is close to the diagonal matrix, it will converge to the nuclear norm, and is exactly equal, when the $D$ matrix is equal to the diagonal matrix, to the nuclear norm, which ingeniously avoids the calculation of the singular value of the matrix. To the best of our knowledge, there is no literature to generalize and apply it to solve tensor complete problems. Inspired by this, in this paper we propose a class of tensor minimization model based on $L_{2,1}$ norm and CSVD-QR method for the tensor complete problem, which is convex and therefore has a global minimum solution.      
### 54.Communicative Learning with Natural Gestures for Embodied Navigation Agents with Human-in-the-Scene  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02846.pdf)
>  Human-robot collaboration is an essential research topic in artificial intelligence (AI), enabling researchers to devise cognitive AI systems and affords an intuitive means for users to interact with the robot. Of note, communication plays a central role. To date, prior studies in embodied agent navigation have only demonstrated that human languages facilitate communication by instructions in natural languages. Nevertheless, a plethora of other forms of communication is left unexplored. In fact, human communication originated in gestures and oftentimes is delivered through multimodal cues, e.g. "go there" with a pointing gesture. To bridge the gap and fill in the missing dimension of communication in embodied agent navigation, we propose investigating the effects of using gestures as the communicative interface instead of verbal cues. Specifically, we develop a VR-based 3D simulation environment, named Ges-THOR, based on AI2-THOR platform. In this virtual environment, a human player is placed in the same virtual scene and shepherds the artificial agent using only gestures. The agent is tasked to solve the navigation problem guided by natural gestures with unknown semantics; we do not use any predefined gestures due to the diversity and versatile nature of human gestures. We argue that learning the semantics of natural gestures is mutually beneficial to learning the navigation task--learn to communicate and communicate to learn. In a series of experiments, we demonstrate that human gesture cues, even without predefined semantics, improve the object-goal navigation for an embodied agent, outperforming various state-of-the-art methods.      
### 55.Ada-VSR: Adaptive Video Super-Resolution with Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02832.pdf)
>  Most of the existing works in supervised spatio-temporal video super-resolution (STVSR) heavily rely on a large-scale external dataset consisting of paired low-resolution low-frame rate (LR-LFR)and high-resolution high-frame-rate (HR-HFR) videos. Despite their remarkable performance, these methods make a prior assumption that the low-resolution video is obtained by down-scaling the high-resolution video using a known degradation kernel, which does not hold in practical settings. Another problem with these methods is that they cannot exploit instance-specific internal information of video at testing time. Recently, deep internal learning approaches have gained attention due to their ability to utilize the instance-specific statistics of a video. However, these methods have a large inference time as they require thousands of gradient updates to learn the intrinsic structure of the data. In this work, we presentAdaptiveVideoSuper-Resolution (Ada-VSR) which leverages external, as well as internal, information through meta-transfer learning and internal learning, respectively. Specifically, meta-learning is employed to obtain adaptive parameters, using a large-scale external dataset, that can adapt quickly to the novel condition (degradation model) of the given test video during the internal learning task, thereby exploiting external and internal information of a video for super-resolution. The model trained using our approach can quickly adapt to a specific video condition with only a few gradient updates, which reduces the inference time significantly. Extensive experiments on standard datasets demonstrate that our method performs favorably against various state-of-the-art approaches.      
