# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 11 Aug 2021
### 1.The Effect of the Loss on Generalization: Empirical Study on Synthetic Lung Nodule Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04815.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are widely used for image classification in a variety of fields, including medical imaging. While most studies deploy cross-entropy as the loss function in such tasks, a growing number of approaches have turned to a family of contrastive learning-based losses. Even though performance metrics such as accuracy, sensitivity and specificity are regularly used for the evaluation of CNN classifiers, the features that these classifiers actually learn are rarely identified and their effect on the classification performance on out-of-distribution test samples is insufficiently explored. In this paper, motivated by the real-world task of lung nodule classification, we investigate the features that a CNN learns when trained and tested on different distributions of a synthetic dataset with controlled modes of variation. We show that different loss functions lead to different features being learned and consequently affect the generalization ability of the classifier on unseen data. This study provides some important insights into the design of deep learning solutions for medical imaging tasks.      
### 2.R4Dyn: Exploring Radar for Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation of Dynamic Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04814.pdf)
>  While self-supervised monocular depth estimation in driving scenarios has achieved comparable performance to supervised approaches, violations of the static world assumption can still lead to erroneous depth predictions of traffic participants, posing a potential safety issue. In this paper, we present R4Dyn, a novel set of techniques to use cost-efficient radar data on top of a self-supervised depth estimation framework. In particular, we show how radar can be used during training as weak supervision signal, as well as an extra input to enhance the estimation robustness at inference time. Since automotive radars are readily available, this allows to collect training data from a variety of existing vehicles. Moreover, by filtering and expanding the signal to make it compatible with learning-based approaches, we address radar inherent issues, such as noise and sparsity. With R4Dyn we are able to overcome a major limitation of self-supervised depth estimation, i.e. the prediction of traffic participants. We substantially improve the estimation on dynamic objects, such as cars by 37% on the challenging nuScenes dataset, hence demonstrating that radar is a valuable additional sensor for monocular depth estimation in autonomous vehicles. Additionally, we plan on making the code publicly available.      
### 3.SUNet: Symmetric Undistortion Network for Rolling Shutter Correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04775.pdf)
>  The vast majority of modern consumer-grade cameras employ a rolling shutter mechanism, leading to image distortions if the camera moves during image acquisition. In this paper, we present a novel deep network to solve the generic rolling shutter correction problem with two consecutive frames. Our pipeline is symmetrically designed to predict the global shutter image corresponding to the intermediate time of these two frames, which is difficult for existing methods because it corresponds to a camera pose that differs most from the two frames. First, two time-symmetric dense undistortion flows are estimated by using well-established principles: pyramidal construction, warping, and cost volume processing. Then, both rolling shutter images are warped into a common global shutter one in the feature space, respectively. Finally, a symmetric consistency constraint is constructed in the image decoder to effectively aggregate the contextual cues of two rolling shutter images, thereby recovering the high-quality global shutter image. Extensive experiments with both synthetic and real data from public benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our proposed approach over the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 4.Semantics-STGCNN: A Semantics-guided Spatial-Temporal Graph Convolutional Network for Multi-class Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04740.pdf)
>  Predicting the movement trajectories of multiple classes of road users in real-world scenarios is a challenging task due to the diverse trajectory patterns. While recent works of pedestrian trajectory prediction successfully modelled the influence of surrounding neighbours based on the relative distances, they are ineffective on multi-class trajectory prediction. This is because they ignore the impact of the implicit correlations between different types of road users on the trajectory to be predicted - for example, a nearby pedestrian has a different level of influence from a nearby car. In this paper, we propose to introduce class information into a graph convolutional neural network to better predict the trajectory of an individual. We embed the class labels of the surrounding objects into the label adjacency matrix (LAM), which is combined with the velocity-based adjacency matrix (VAM) comprised of the objects' velocity, thereby generating a semantics-guided graph adjacency (SAM). SAM effectively models semantic information with trainable parameters to automatically learn the embedded label features that will contribute to the fixed velocity-based trajectory. Such information of spatial and temporal dependencies is passed to a graph convolutional and temporal convolutional network to estimate the predicted trajectory distributions. We further propose new metrics, known as Average2 Displacement Error (aADE) and Average Final Displacement Error (aFDE), that assess network accuracy more accurately. We call our framework Semantics-STGCNN. It consistently shows superior performance to the state-of-the-arts in existing and the newly proposed metrics.      
### 5.Box-Aware Feature Enhancement for Single Object Tracking on Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04728.pdf)
>  Current 3D single object tracking approaches track the target based on a feature comparison between the target template and the search area. However, due to the common occlusion in LiDAR scans, it is non-trivial to conduct accurate feature comparisons on severe sparse and incomplete shapes. In this work, we exploit the ground truth bounding box given in the first frame as a strong cue to enhance the feature description of the target object, enabling a more accurate feature comparison in a simple yet effective way. In particular, we first propose the BoxCloud, an informative and robust representation, to depict an object using the point-to-box relation. We further design an efficient box-aware feature fusion module, which leverages the aforementioned BoxCloud for reliable feature matching and embedding. Integrating the proposed general components into an existing model P2B, we construct a superior box-aware tracker (BAT). Experiments confirm that our proposed BAT outperforms the previous state-of-the-art by a large margin on both KITTI and NuScenes benchmarks, achieving a 12.8% improvement in terms of precision while running ~20% faster.      
### 6.BIDCD - Bosch Industrial Depth Completion Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04706.pdf)
>  We introduce BIDCD - the Bosch Industrial Depth Completion Dataset. BIDCD is a new RGBD dataset of metallic industrial objects, collected with a depth camera mounted on a robotic manipulator. The main purpose of this dataset is to facilitate the training of domain-specific depth completion models, to be used in logistics and manufacturing tasks. We trained a State-of-the-Art depth completion model on this dataset, and report the results, setting an initial benchmark.      
### 7.Multi-Camera Trajectory Forecasting with Trajectory Tensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04694.pdf)
>  We introduce the problem of multi-camera trajectory forecasting (MCTF), which involves predicting the trajectory of a moving object across a network of cameras. While multi-camera setups are widespread for applications such as surveillance and traffic monitoring, existing trajectory forecasting methods typically focus on single-camera trajectory forecasting (SCTF), limiting their use for such applications. Furthermore, using a single camera limits the field-of-view available, making long-term trajectory forecasting impossible. We address these shortcomings of SCTF by developing an MCTF framework that simultaneously uses all estimated relative object locations from several viewpoints and predicts the object's future location in all possible viewpoints. Our framework follows a Which-When-Where approach that predicts in which camera(s) the objects appear and when and where within the camera views they appear. To this end, we propose the concept of trajectory tensors: a new technique to encode trajectories across multiple camera views and the associated uncertainties. We develop several encoder-decoder MCTF models for trajectory tensors and present extensive experiments on our own database (comprising 600 hours of video data from 15 camera views) created particularly for the MCTF task. Results show that our trajectory tensor models outperform coordinate trajectory-based MCTF models and existing SCTF methods adapted for MCTF. Code is available from: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/olly-styles/Trajectory-Tensors" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 8.U-Net-and-a-half: Convolutional network for biomedical image segmentation using multiple expert-driven annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04658.pdf)
>  Development of deep learning systems for biomedical segmentation often requires access to expert-driven, manually annotated datasets. If more than a single expert is involved in the annotation of the same images, then the inter-expert agreement is not necessarily perfect, and no single expert annotation can precisely capture the so-called ground truth of the regions of interest on all images. Also, it is not trivial to generate a reference estimate using annotations from multiple experts. Here we present a deep neural network, defined as U-Net-and-a-half, which can simultaneously learn from annotations performed by multiple experts on the same set of images. U-Net-and-a-half contains a convolutional encoder to generate features from the input images, multiple decoders that allow simultaneous learning from image masks obtained from annotations that were independently generated by multiple experts, and a shared low-dimensional feature space. To demonstrate the applicability of our framework, we used two distinct datasets from digital pathology and radiology, respectively. Specifically, we trained two separate models using pathologist-driven annotations of glomeruli on whole slide images of human kidney biopsies (10 patients), and radiologist-driven annotations of lumen cross-sections of human arteriovenous fistulae obtained from intravascular ultrasound images (10 patients), respectively. The models based on U-Net-and-a-half exceeded the performance of the traditional U-Net models trained on single expert annotations alone, thus expanding the scope of multitask learning in the context of biomedical image segmentation.      
### 9.FoodLogoDet-1500: A Dataset for Large-Scale Food Logo Detection via Multi-Scale Feature Decoupling Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04644.pdf)
>  Food logo detection plays an important role in the multimedia for its wide real-world applications, such as food recommendation of the self-service shop and infringement detection on e-commerce platforms. A large-scale food logo dataset is urgently needed for developing advanced food logo detection algorithms. However, there are no available food logo datasets with food brand information. To support efforts towards food logo detection, we introduce the dataset FoodLogoDet-1500, a new large-scale publicly available food logo dataset, which has 1,500 categories, about 100,000 images and about 150,000 manually annotated food logo objects. We describe the collection and annotation process of FoodLogoDet-1500, analyze its scale and diversity, and compare it with other logo datasets. To the best of our knowledge, FoodLogoDet-1500 is the first largest publicly available high-quality dataset for food logo detection. The challenge of food logo detection lies in the large-scale categories and similarities between food logo categories. For that, we propose a novel food logo detection method Multi-scale Feature Decoupling Network (MFDNet), which decouples classification and regression into two branches and focuses on the classification branch to solve the problem of distinguishing multiple food logo categories. Specifically, we introduce the feature offset module, which utilizes the deformation-learning for optimal classification offset and can effectively obtain the most representative features of classification in detection. In addition, we adopt a balanced feature pyramid in MFDNet, which pays attention to global information, balances the multi-scale feature maps, and enhances feature extraction capability. Comprehensive experiments on FoodLogoDet-1500 and other two benchmark logo datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. The FoodLogoDet-1500 can be found at this https URL.      
### 10.Learning Canonical 3D Object Representation for Fine-Grained Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04628.pdf)
>  We propose a novel framework for fine-grained object recognition that learns to recover object variation in 3D space from a single image, trained on an image collection without using any ground-truth 3D annotation. We accomplish this by representing an object as a composition of 3D shape and its appearance, while eliminating the effect of camera viewpoint, in a canonical configuration. Unlike conventional methods modeling spatial variation in 2D images only, our method is capable of reconfiguring the appearance feature in a canonical 3D space, thus enabling the subsequent object classifier to be invariant under 3D geometric variation. Our representation also allows us to go beyond existing methods, by incorporating 3D shape variation as an additional cue for object recognition. To learn the model without ground-truth 3D annotation, we deploy a differentiable renderer in an analysis-by-synthesis framework. By incorporating 3D shape and appearance jointly in a deep representation, our method learns the discriminative representation of the object and achieves competitive performance on fine-grained image recognition and vehicle re-identification. We also demonstrate that the performance of 3D shape reconstruction is improved by learning fine-grained shape deformation in a boosting manner.      
### 11.White blood cell subtype detection and classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04614.pdf)
>  Machine learning has endless applications in the health care industry. White blood cell classification is one of the interesting and promising area of research. The classification of the white blood cells plays an important part in the medical diagnosis. In practise white blood cell classification is performed by the haematologist by taking a small smear of blood and careful examination under the microscope. The current procedures to identify the white blood cell subtype is more time taking and error-prone. The computer aided detection and diagnosis of the white blood cells tend to avoid the human error and reduce the time taken to classify the white blood cells. In the recent years several deep learning approaches have been developed in the context of classification of the white blood cells that are able to identify but are unable to localize the positions of white blood cells in the blood cell image. Following this, the present research proposes to utilize YOLOv3 object detection technique to localize and classify the white blood cells with bounding boxes. With exhaustive experimental analysis, the proposed work is found to detect the white blood cell with 99.2% accuracy and classify with 90% accuracy.      
### 12.Relation-aware Compositional Zero-shot Learning for Attribute-Object Pair Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04603.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel model for recognizing images with composite attribute-object concepts, notably for composite concepts that are unseen during model training. We aim to explore the three key properties required by the task --- relation-aware, consistent, and decoupled --- to learn rich and robust features for primitive concepts that compose attribute-object pairs. To this end, we propose the Blocked Message Passing Network (BMP-Net). The model consists of two modules. The concept module generates semantically meaningful features for primitive concepts, whereas the visual module extracts visual features for attributes and objects from input images. A message passing mechanism is used in the concept module to capture the relations between primitive concepts. Furthermore, to prevent the model from being biased towards seen composite concepts and reduce the entanglement between attributes and objects, we propose a blocking mechanism that equalizes the information available to the model for both seen and unseen concepts. Extensive experiments and ablation studies on two benchmarks show the efficacy of the proposed model.      
### 13.Joint Multi-Object Detection and Tracking with Camera-LiDAR Fusion for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04602.pdf)
>  Multi-object tracking (MOT) with camera-LiDAR fusion demands accurate results of object detection, affinity computation and data association in real time. This paper presents an efficient multi-modal MOT framework with online joint detection and tracking schemes and robust data association for autonomous driving applications. The novelty of this work includes: (1) development of an end-to-end deep neural network for joint object detection and correlation using 2D and 3D measurements; (2) development of a robust affinity computation module to compute occlusion-aware appearance and motion affinities in 3D space; (3) development of a comprehensive data association module for joint optimization among detection confidences, affinities and start-end probabilities. The experiment results on the KITTI tracking benchmark demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed method in terms of both tracking accuracy and processing speed.      
### 14.UniNet: A Unified Scene Understanding Network and Exploring Multi-Task Relationships through the Lens of Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04584.pdf)
>  Scene understanding is crucial for autonomous systems which intend to operate in the real world. Single task vision networks extract information only based on some aspects of the scene. In multi-task learning (MTL), on the other hand, these single tasks are jointly learned, thereby providing an opportunity for tasks to share information and obtain a more comprehensive understanding. To this end, we develop UniNet, a unified scene understanding network that accurately and efficiently infers vital vision tasks including object detection, semantic segmentation, instance segmentation, monocular depth estimation, and monocular instance depth prediction. As these tasks look at different semantic and geometric information, they can either complement or conflict with each other. Therefore, understanding inter-task relationships can provide useful cues to enable complementary information sharing. We evaluate the task relationships in UniNet through the lens of adversarial attacks based on the notion that they can exploit learned biases and task interactions in the neural network. Extensive experiments on the Cityscapes dataset, using untargeted and targeted attacks reveal that semantic tasks strongly interact amongst themselves, and the same holds for geometric tasks. Additionally, we show that the relationship between semantic and geometric tasks is asymmetric and their interaction becomes weaker as we move towards higher-level representations.      
### 15.Deep Metric Learning for Open World Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04562.pdf)
>  Classical close-set semantic segmentation networks have limited ability to detect out-of-distribution (OOD) objects, which is important for safety-critical applications such as autonomous driving. Incrementally learning these OOD objects with few annotations is an ideal way to enlarge the knowledge base of the deep learning models. In this paper, we propose an open world semantic segmentation system that includes two modules: (1) an open-set semantic segmentation module to detect both in-distribution and OOD objects. (2) an incremental few-shot learning module to gradually incorporate those OOD objects into its existing knowledge base. This open world semantic segmentation system behaves like a human being, which is able to identify OOD objects and gradually learn them with corresponding supervision. We adopt the Deep Metric Learning Network (DMLNet) with contrastive clustering to implement open-set semantic segmentation. Compared to other open-set semantic segmentation methods, our DMLNet achieves state-of-the-art performance on three challenging open-set semantic segmentation datasets without using additional data or generative models. On this basis, two incremental few-shot learning methods are further proposed to progressively improve the DMLNet with the annotations of OOD objects.      
### 16.Understanding Character Recognition using Visual Explanations Derived from the Human Visual System and Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04558.pdf)
>  Human observers engage in selective information uptake when classifying visual patterns. The same is true of deep neural networks, which currently constitute the best performing artificial vision systems. Our goal is to examine the congruence, or lack thereof, in the information-gathering strategies of the two systems. We have operationalized our investigation as a character recognition task. We have used eye-tracking to assay the spatial distribution of information hotspots for humans via fixation maps and an activation mapping technique for obtaining analogous distributions for deep networks through visualization maps. Qualitative comparison between visualization maps and fixation maps reveals an interesting correlate of congruence. The deep learning model considered similar regions in character, which humans have fixated in the case of correctly classified characters. On the other hand, when the focused regions are different for humans and deep nets, the characters are typically misclassified by the latter. Hence, we propose to use the visual fixation maps obtained from the eye-tracking experiment as a supervisory input to align the model's focus on relevant character regions. We find that such supervision improves the model's performance significantly and does not require any additional parameters. This approach has the potential to find applications in diverse domains such as medical analysis and surveillance in which explainability helps to determine system fidelity.      
### 17.Instance-wise Hard Negative Example Generation for Contrastive Learning in Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04547.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning shows great potential in unpaired image-to-image translation, but sometimes the translated results are in poor quality and the contents are not preserved consistently. In this paper, we uncover that the negative examples play a critical role in the performance of contrastive learning for image translation. The negative examples in previous methods are randomly sampled from the patches of different positions in the source image, which are not effective to push the positive examples close to the query examples. To address this issue, we present instance-wise hard Negative Example Generation for Contrastive learning in Unpaired image-to-image Translation~(NEGCUT). Specifically, we train a generator to produce negative examples online. The generator is novel from two perspectives: 1) it is instance-wise which means that the generated examples are based on the input image, and 2) it can generate hard negative examples since it is trained with an adversarial loss. With the generator, the performance of unpaired image-to-image translation is significantly improved. Experiments on three benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed NEGCUT framework achieves state-of-the-art performance compared to previous methods.      
### 18.Learning Multi-Granular Spatio-Temporal Graph Network for Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04536.pdf)
>  The task of skeleton-based action recognition remains a core challenge in human-centred scene understanding due to the multiple granularities and large variation in human motion. Existing approaches typically employ a single neural representation for different motion patterns, which has difficulty in capturing fine-grained action classes given limited training data. To address the aforementioned problems, we propose a novel multi-granular spatio-temporal graph network for skeleton-based action classification that jointly models the coarse- and fine-grained skeleton motion patterns. To this end, we develop a dual-head graph network consisting of two interleaved branches, which enables us to extract features at two spatio-temporal resolutions in an effective and efficient manner. Moreover, our network utilises a cross-head communication strategy to mutually enhance the representations of both heads. We conducted extensive experiments on three large-scale datasets, namely NTU RGB+D 60, NTU RGB+D 120, and Kinetics-Skeleton, and achieves the state-of-the-art performance on all the benchmarks, which validates the effectiveness of our method.      
### 19.ASMR: Learning Attribute-Based Person Search with Adaptive Semantic Margin Regularizer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04533.pdf)
>  Attribute-based person search is the task of finding person images that are best matched with a set of text attributes given as query. The main challenge of this task is the large modality gap between attributes and images. To reduce the gap, we present a new loss for learning cross-modal embeddings in the context of attribute-based person search. We regard a set of attributes as a category of people sharing the same traits. In a joint embedding space of the two modalities, our loss pulls images close to their person categories for modality alignment. More importantly, it pushes apart a pair of person categories by a margin determined adaptively by their semantic distance, where the distance metric is learned end-to-end so that the loss considers importance of each attribute when relating person categories. Our loss guided by the adaptive semantic margin leads to more discriminative and semantically well-arranged distributions of person images. As a consequence, it enables a simple embedding model to achieve state-of-the-art records on public benchmarks without bells and whistles.      
### 20.Hand Pose Classification Based on Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04529.pdf)
>  In this work, deep learning models are applied to a segment of a robust hand-washing dataset that has been created with the help of 30 volunteers. This work demonstrates the classification of presence of one hand, two hands and no hand in the scene based on transfer learning. The pre-trained model; simplest NN from Keras library is utilized to train the network with 704 images of hand gestures and the predictions are carried out for the input image. Due to the controlled and restricted dataset, 100% accuracy is achieved during the training with correct predictions for the input image. Complete handwashing dataset with dense models such as AlexNet for video classification for hand hygiene stages will be used in the future work.      
### 21.Multigranular Visual-Semantic Embedding for Cloth-Changing Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04527.pdf)
>  Person reidentification (ReID) is a very hot research topic in machine learning and computer vision, and many person ReID approaches have been proposed; however, most of these methods assume that the same person has the same clothes within a short time interval, and thus their visual appearance must be similar. However, in an actual surveillance environment, a given person has a great probability of changing clothes after a long time span, and they also often take different personal belongings with them. When the existing person ReID methods are applied in this type of case, almost all of them fail. To date, only a few works have focused on the cloth-changing person ReID task, but since it is very difficult to extract generalized and robust features for representing people with different clothes, their performances need to be improved. Moreover, visual-semantic information is often ignored. To solve these issues, in this work, a novel multigranular visual-semantic embedding algorithm (MVSE) is proposed for cloth-changing person ReID, where visual semantic information and human attributes are embedded into the network, and the generalized features of human appearance can be well learned to effectively solve the problem of clothing changes. Specifically, to fully represent a person with clothing changes, a multigranular feature representation scheme (MGR) is employed to focus on the unchanged part of the human, and then a cloth desensitization network (CDN) is designed to improve the feature robustness of the approach for the person with different clothing, where different high-level human attributes are fully utilized. Moreover, to further solve the issue of pose changes and occlusion under different camera perspectives, a partially semantically aligned network (PSA) is proposed to obtain the visual-semantic information that is used to align the human attributes.      
### 22.Multi-domain Collaborative Feature Representation for Robust Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04521.pdf)
>  Jointly exploiting multiple different yet complementary domain information has been proven to be an effective way to perform robust object tracking. This paper focuses on effectively representing and utilizing complementary features from the frame domain and event domain for boosting object tracking performance in challenge scenarios. Specifically, we propose Common Features Extractor (CFE) to learn potential common representations from the RGB domain and event domain. For learning the unique features of the two domains, we utilize a Unique Extractor for Event (UEE) based on Spiking Neural Networks to extract edge cues in the event domain which may be missed in RGB in some challenging conditions, and a Unique Extractor for RGB (UER) based on Deep Convolutional Neural Networks to extract texture and semantic information in RGB domain. Extensive experiments on standard RGB benchmark and real event tracking dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. We show our approach outperforms all compared state-of-the-art tracking algorithms and verify event-based data is a powerful cue for tracking in challenging scenes.      
### 23.Iterative Self-consistent Parallel Magnetic Resonance Imaging Reconstruction based on Nonlocal Low-Rank Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04517.pdf)
>  Iterative self-consistent parallel imaging reconstruction (SPIRiT) is an effective self-calibrated reconstruction model for parallel magnetic resonance imaging (PMRI). The joint L1 norm of wavelet coefficients and joint total variation (TV) regularization terms are incorporated into the SPIRiT model to improve the reconstruction performance. The simultaneous two-directional low-rankness (STDLR) in k-space data is incorporated into SPIRiT to realize improved reconstruction. Recent methods have exploited the nonlocal self-similarity (NSS) of images by imposing nonlocal low-rankness of similar patches to achieve a superior performance. To fully utilize both the NSS in Magnetic resonance (MR) images and calibration consistency in the k-space domain, we propose a nonlocal low-rank (NLR)-SPIRiT model by incorporating NLR regularization into the SPIRiT model. We apply the weighted nuclear norm (WNN) as a surrogate of the rank and employ the Nash equilibrium (NE) formulation and alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) to efficiently solve the NLR-SPIRiT model. The experimental results demonstrate the superior performance of NLR-SPIRiT over the state-of-the-art methods via three objective metrics and visual comparison.      
### 24.TBNet:Two-Stream Boundary-aware Network for Generic Image Manipulation Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04508.pdf)
>  Finding tampered regions in images is a hot research topic in machine learning and computer vision. Although many image manipulation location algorithms have been proposed, most of them only focus on the RGB images with different color spaces, and the frequency information that contains the potential tampering clues is often ignored. In this work, a novel end-to-end two-stream boundary-aware network (abbreviated as TBNet) is proposed for generic image manipulation localization in which the RGB stream, the frequency stream, and the boundary artifact location are explored in a unified framework. Specifically, we first design an adaptive frequency selection module (AFS) to adaptively select the appropriate frequency to mine inconsistent statistics and eliminate the interference of redundant statistics. Then, an adaptive cross-attention fusion module (ACF) is proposed to adaptively fuse the RGB feature and the frequency feature. Finally, the boundary artifact location network (BAL) is designed to locate the boundary artifacts for which the parameters are jointly updated by the outputs of the ACF, and its results are further fed into the decoder. Thus, the parameters of the RGB stream, the frequency stream, and the boundary artifact location network are jointly optimized, and their latent complementary relationships are fully mined. The results of extensive experiments performed on four public benchmarks of the image manipulation localization task, namely, CASIA1.0, COVER, Carvalho, and In-The-Wild, demonstrate that the proposed TBNet can significantly outperform state-of-the-art generic image manipulation localization methods in terms of both MCC and F1.      
### 25.Exploiting Featureswith Split-and-Share Module  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04500.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown state-of-the-art performances in various computer vision tasks. Advances on CNN architectures have focused mainly on designing convolutional blocks of the feature extractors, but less on the classifiers that exploit extracted features. In this work, we propose Split-and-Share Module (SSM),a classifier that splits a given feature into parts, which are partially shared by multiple sub-classifiers. Our intuition is that the more the features are shared, the more common they will become, and SSM can encourage such structural characteristics in the split features. SSM can be easily integrated into any architecture without bells and whistles. We have extensively validated the efficacy of SSM on ImageNet-1K classification task, andSSM has shown consistent and significant improvements over baseline architectures. In addition, we analyze the effect of SSM using the Grad-CAM visualization.      
### 26.Scalable Reverse Image Search Engine for NASAWorldview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04479.pdf)
>  Researchers often spend weeks sifting through decades of unlabeled satellite imagery(on NASA Worldview) in order to develop datasets on which they can start conducting research. We developed an interactive, scalable and fast image similarity search engine (which can take one or more images as the query image) that automatically sifts through the unlabeled dataset reducing dataset generation time from weeks to minutes. In this work, we describe key components of the end to end pipeline. Our similarity search system was created to be able to identify similar images from a potentially petabyte scale database that are similar to an input image, and for this we had to break down each query image into its features, which were generated by a classification layer stripped CNN trained in a supervised manner. To store and search these features efficiently, we had to make several scalability improvements. To improve the speed, reduce the storage, and shrink memory requirements for embedding search, we add a fully connected layer to our CNN make all images into a 128 length vector before entering the classification layers. This helped us compress the size of our image features from 2048 (for ResNet, which was initially tried as our featurizer) to 128 for our new custom model. Additionally, we utilize existing approximate nearest neighbor search libraries to significantly speed up embedding search. Our system currently searches over our entire database of images at 5 seconds per query on a single virtual machine in the cloud. In the future, we would like to incorporate a SimCLR based featurizing model which could be trained without any labelling by a human (since the classification aspect of the model is irrelevant to this use case).      
### 27.SP-GAN: Sphere-Guided 3D Shape Generation and Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04476.pdf)
>  We present SP-GAN, a new unsupervised sphere-guided generative model for direct synthesis of 3D shapes in the form of point clouds. Compared with existing models, SP-GAN is able to synthesize diverse and high-quality shapes with fine details and promote controllability for part-aware shape generation and manipulation, yet trainable without any parts annotations. In SP-GAN, we incorporate a global prior (uniform points on a sphere) to spatially guide the generative process and attach a local prior (a random latent code) to each sphere point to provide local details. The key insight in our design is to disentangle the complex 3D shape generation task into a global shape modeling and a local structure adjustment, to ease the learning process and enhance the shape generation quality. Also, our model forms an implicit dense correspondence between the sphere points and points in every generated shape, enabling various forms of structure-aware shape manipulations such as part editing, part-wise shape interpolation, and multi-shape part composition, etc., beyond the existing generative models. Experimental results, which include both visual and quantitative evaluations, demonstrate that our model is able to synthesize diverse point clouds with fine details and less noise, as compared with the state-of-the-art models.      
### 28.Method Towards CVPR 2021 SimLocMatch Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04466.pdf)
>  This report describes Megvii-3D team's approach to-wards SimLocMatch Challenge @ CVPR 2021 Image Matching Workshop.      
### 29.Reference-based Defect Detection Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04456.pdf)
>  The defect detection task can be regarded as a realistic scenario of object detection in the computer vision field and it is widely used in the industrial field. Directly applying vanilla object detector to defect detection task can achieve promising results, while there still exists challenging issues that have not been solved. The first issue is the texture shift which means a trained defect detector model will be easily affected by unseen texture, and the second issue is partial visual confusion which indicates that a partial defect box is visually similar with a complete box. To tackle these two problems, we propose a Reference-based Defect Detection Network (RDDN). Specifically, we introduce template reference and context reference to against those two problems, respectively. Template reference can reduce the texture shift from image, feature or region levels, and encourage the detectors to focus more on the defective area as a result. We can use either well-aligned template images or the outputs of a pseudo template generator as template references in this work, and they are jointly trained with detectors by the supervision of normal samples. To solve the partial visual confusion issue, we propose to leverage the carried context information of context reference, which is the concentric bigger box of each region proposal, to perform more accurate region classification and regression. Experiments on two defect detection datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach.      
### 30.CPNet: Cross-Parallel Network for Efficient Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04454.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection in video streams is a challengingproblem because of the scarcity of abnormal events andthe difficulty of accurately annotating <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://them.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> allevi-ate these issues, unsupervised learning-based predictionmethods have been previously applied. These approachestrain the model with only normal events and predict a fu-ture frame from a sequence of preceding frames by use ofencoder-decoder architectures so that they result in smallprediction errors on normal events but large errors on ab-normal events. The architecture, however, comes with thecomputational burden as some anomaly detection tasks re-quire low computational cost without sacrificing perfor-mance. In this paper, Cross-Parallel Network (CPNet) forefficient anomaly detection is proposed here to minimizecomputations without performance drops. It consists ofNsmaller parallel U-Net, each of which is designed to handlea single input frame, to make the calculations significantlymore efficient. Additionally, an inter-network shift moduleis incorporated to capture temporal relationships among se-quential frames to enable more accurate future predictions.The quantitative results show that our model requires lesscomputational cost than the baseline U-Net while deliver-ing equivalent performance in anomaly detection.      
### 31.Method Towards CVPR 2021 Image Matching Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04453.pdf)
>  This report describes Megvii-3D team's approach towards CVPR 2021 Image Matching Workshop.      
### 32.SnowflakeNet: Point Cloud Completion by Snowflake Point Deconvolution with Skip-Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04444.pdf)
>  Point cloud completion aims to predict a complete shape in high accuracy from its partial observation. However, previous methods usually suffered from discrete nature of point cloud and unstructured prediction of points in local regions, which makes it hard to reveal fine local geometric details on the complete shape. To resolve this issue, we propose SnowflakeNet with Snowflake Point Deconvolution (SPD) to generate the complete point clouds. The SnowflakeNet models the generation of complete point clouds as the snowflake-like growth of points in 3D space, where the child points are progressively generated by splitting their parent points after each SPD. Our insight of revealing detailed geometry is to introduce skip-transformer in SPD to learn point splitting patterns which can fit local regions the best. Skip-transformer leverages attention mechanism to summarize the splitting patterns used in the previous SPD layer to produce the splitting in the current SPD layer. The locally compact and structured point cloud generated by SPD is able to precisely capture the structure characteristic of 3D shape in local patches, which enables the network to predict highly detailed geometries, such as smooth regions, sharp edges and corners. Our experimental results outperform the state-of-the-art point cloud completion methods under widely used benchmarks. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AllenXiangX/SnowflakeNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Domain-Aware Universal Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04441.pdf)
>  Style transfer aims to reproduce content images with the styles from reference images. Existing universal style transfer methods successfully deliver arbitrary styles to original images either in an artistic or a photo-realistic way. However, the range of 'arbitrary style' defined by existing works is bounded in the particular domain due to their structural limitation. Specifically, the degrees of content preservation and stylization are established according to a predefined target domain. As a result, both photo-realistic and artistic models have difficulty in performing the desired style transfer for the other domain. To overcome this limitation, we propose a unified architecture, Domain-aware Style Transfer Networks (DSTN) that transfer not only the style but also the property of domain (i.e., domainness) from a given reference image. To this end, we design a novel domainness indicator that captures the domainness value from the texture and structural features of reference images. Moreover, we introduce a unified framework with domain-aware skip connection to adaptively transfer the stroke and palette to the input contents guided by the domainness indicator. Our extensive experiments validate that our model produces better qualitative results and outperforms previous methods in terms of proxy metrics on both artistic and photo-realistic stylizations.      
### 34.FT-TDR: Frequency-guided Transformer and Top-Down Refinement Network for Blind Face Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04424.pdf)
>  Blind face inpainting refers to the task of reconstructing visual contents without explicitly indicating the corrupted regions in a face image. Inherently, this task faces two challenges: (1) how to detect various mask patterns of different shapes and contents; (2) how to restore visually plausible and pleasing contents in the masked regions. In this paper, we propose a novel two-stage blind face inpainting method named Frequency-guided Transformer and Top-Down Refinement Network (FT-TDR) to tackle these challenges. Specifically, we first use a transformer-based network to detect the corrupted regions to be inpainted as masks by modeling the relation among different patches. We also exploit the frequency modality as complementary information for improved detection results and capture the local contextual incoherence to enhance boundary consistency. Then a top-down refinement network is proposed to hierarchically restore features at different levels and generate contents that are semantically consistent with the unmasked face regions. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method outperforms current state-of-the-art blind and non-blind face inpainting methods qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 35.Semi-supervised classification of radiology images with NoTeacher: A Teacher that is not Mean  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04423.pdf)
>  Deep learning models achieve strong performance for radiology image classification, but their practical application is bottlenecked by the need for large labeled training datasets. Semi-supervised learning (SSL) approaches leverage small labeled datasets alongside larger unlabeled datasets and offer potential for reducing labeling cost. In this work, we introduce NoTeacher, a novel consistency-based SSL framework which incorporates probabilistic graphical models. Unlike Mean Teacher which maintains a teacher network updated via a temporal ensemble, NoTeacher employs two independent networks, thereby eliminating the need for a teacher network. We demonstrate how NoTeacher can be customized to handle a range of challenges in radiology image classification. Specifically, we describe adaptations for scenarios with 2D and 3D inputs, uni and multi-label classification, and class distribution mismatch between labeled and unlabeled portions of the training data. In realistic empirical evaluations on three public benchmark datasets spanning the workhorse modalities of radiology (X-Ray, CT, MRI), we show that NoTeacher achieves over 90-95% of the fully supervised AUROC with less than 5-15% labeling budget. Further, NoTeacher outperforms established SSL methods with minimal hyperparameter tuning, and has implications as a principled and practical option for semisupervised learning in radiology applications.      
### 36.RaftMLP: Do MLP-based Models Dream of Winning Over Computer Vision?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04384.pdf)
>  For the past ten years, CNN has reigned supreme in the world of computer vision, but recently, Transformer is on the rise. However, the quadratic computational cost of self-attention has become a severe problem of practice. There has been much research on architectures without CNN and self-attention in this context. In particular, MLP-Mixer is a simple idea designed using MLPs and hit an accuracy comparable to the Vision Transformer. However, the only inductive bias in this architecture is the embedding of tokens. Thus, there is still a possibility to build a non-convolutional inductive bias into the architecture itself, and we built in an inductive bias using two simple ideas. A way is to divide the token-mixing block vertically and horizontally. Another way is to make spatial correlations denser among some channels of token-mixing. With this approach, we were able to improve the accuracy of the MLP-Mixer while reducing its parameters and computational complexity. Compared to other MLP-based models, the proposed model, named RaftMLP has a good balance of computational complexity, the number of parameters, and actual memory usage. In addition, our work indicates that MLP-based models have the potential to replace CNNs by adopting inductive bias. The source code in PyTorch version is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/okojoalg/raft-mlp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 37.Adaptable image quality assessment using meta-reinforcement learning of task amenability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04359.pdf)
>  The performance of many medical image analysis tasks are strongly associated with image data quality. When developing modern deep learning algorithms, rather than relying on subjective (human-based) image quality assessment (IQA), task amenability potentially provides an objective measure of task-specific image quality. To predict task amenability, an IQA agent is trained using reinforcement learning (RL) with a simultaneously optimised task predictor, such as a classification or segmentation neural network. In this work, we develop transfer learning or adaptation strategies to increase the adaptability of both the IQA agent and the task predictor so that they are less dependent on high-quality, expert-labelled training data. The proposed transfer learning strategy re-formulates the original RL problem for task amenability in a meta-reinforcement learning (meta-RL) framework. The resulting algorithm facilitates efficient adaptation of the agent to different definitions of image quality, each with its own Markov decision process environment including different images, labels and an adaptable task predictor. Our work demonstrates that the IQA agents pre-trained on non-expert task labels can be adapted to predict task amenability as defined by expert task labels, using only a small set of expert labels. Using 6644 clinical ultrasound images from 249 prostate cancer patients, our results for image classification and segmentation tasks show that the proposed IQA method can be adapted using data with as few as respective 19.7% and 29.6% expert-reviewed consensus labels and still achieve comparable IQA and task performance, which would otherwise require a training dataset with 100% expert labels.      
### 38.Convolutional Nets for Diabetic Retinopathy Screening in Bangladeshi Patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04358.pdf)
>  Diabetes is one of the most prevalent chronic diseases in Bangladesh, and as a result, Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) is widespread in the population. DR, an eye illness caused by diabetes, can lead to blindness if it is not identified and treated in its early stages. Unfortunately, diagnosis of DR requires medically trained professionals, but Bangladesh has limited specialists in comparison to its population. Moreover, the screening process is often expensive, prohibiting many from receiving timely and proper diagnosis. To address the problem, we introduce a deep learning algorithm which screens for different stages of DR. We use a state-of-the-art CNN architecture to diagnose patients based on retinal fundus imagery. This paper is an experimental evaluation of the algorithm we developed for DR diagnosis and screening specifically for Bangladeshi patients. We perform this validation study using separate pools of retinal image data of real patients from a hospital and field studies in Bangladesh. Our results show that the algorithm is effective at screening Bangladeshi eyes even when trained on a public dataset which is out of domain, and can accurately determine the stage of DR as well, achieving an overall accuracy of 92.27\% and 93.02\% on two validation sets of Bangladeshi eyes. The results confirm the ability of the algorithm to be used in real clinical settings and applications due to its high accuracy and classwise metrics. Our algorithm is implemented in the application Drishti, which is used to screen for DR in patients living in rural areas in Bangladesh, where access to professional screening is limited.      
### 39.MotionInput v2.0 supporting DirectX: A modular library of open-source gesture-based machine learning and computer vision methods for interacting and controlling existing software with a webcam  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04357.pdf)
>  Touchless computer interaction has become an important consideration during the COVID-19 pandemic period. Despite progress in machine learning and computer vision that allows for advanced gesture recognition, an integrated collection of such open-source methods and a user-customisable approach to utilising them in a low-cost solution for touchless interaction in existing software is still missing. In this paper, we introduce the MotionInput v2.0 application. This application utilises published open-source libraries and additional gesture definitions developed to take the video stream from a standard RGB webcam as input. It then maps human motion gestures to input operations for existing applications and games. The user can choose their own preferred way of interacting from a series of motion types, including single and bi-modal hand gesturing, full-body repetitive or extremities-based exercises, head and facial movements, eye tracking, and combinations of the above. We also introduce a series of bespoke gesture recognition classifications as DirectInput triggers, including gestures for idle states, auto calibration, depth capture from a 2D RGB webcam stream and tracking of facial motions such as mouth motions, winking, and head direction with rotation. Three use case areas assisted the development of the modules: creativity software, office and clinical software, and gaming software. A collection of open-source libraries has been integrated and provide a layer of modular gesture mapping on top of existing mouse and keyboard controls in Windows via DirectX. With ease of access to webcams integrated into most laptops and desktop computers, touchless computing becomes more available with MotionInput v2.0, in a federated and locally processed method.      
### 40.A Robust Lane Detection Associated with Quaternion Hardy Filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04356.pdf)
>  In this article, a robust color-edge feature extraction method based on the Quaternion Hardy filter is proposed. The Quaternion Hardy filter is an emerging edge detection theory. It is along with the Poisson and conjugate Poisson smoothing kernels to handle various types of noise. Combining with the Quaternion Hardy filter, Jin's color gradient operator and Hough transform, the color-edge feature detection algorithm is proposed and applied to the lane marking detection. Experiments are presented to demonstrate the validity of the proposed algorithm. The results are accurate and robust with respect to the complex environment lane markings.      
### 41.Hyperparameter Analysis for Derivative Compressive Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04355.pdf)
>  Derivative compressive sampling (DCS) is a signal reconstruction method from measurements of the spatial gradient with sub-Nyquist sampling rate. Applications of DCS include optical image reconstruction, photometric stereo, and shape-from-shading. In this work, we study the sensitivity of DCS with respect to algorithmic hyperparameters using a brute-force search algorithm. We perform experiments on a dataset of surface images and deduce guidelines for the user to setup values for the hyperparameters for improved signal recovery performance.      
### 42.Local Morphometry of Closed, Implicit Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04354.pdf)
>  Anatomical structures such as the hippocampus, liver, and bones can be analyzed as orientable, closed surfaces. This permits the computation of volume, surface area, mean curvature, Gaussian curvature, and the Euler-Poincar characteristic as well as comparison of these morphometrics between structures of different topology. The structures are commonly represented implicitly in curve evolution problems as the zero level set of an embedding. Practically, binary images of anatomical structures are embedded using a signed distance transform. However, quantization prevents the accurate computation of curvatures, leading to considerable errors in morphometry. This paper presents a fast, simple embedding procedure for accurate local morphometry as the zero crossing of the Gaussian blurred binary image. The proposed method was validated based on the femur and fourth lumbar vertebrae of 50 clinical computed tomography datasets. The results show that the signed distance transform leads to large quantization errors in the computed local curvature. Global validation of morphometry using regression and Bland-Altman analysis revealed that the coefficient of determination for the average mean curvature is improved from 93.8% with the signed distance transform to 100% with the proposed method. For the surface area, the proportional bias is improved from -5.0% for the signed distance transform to +0.6% for the proposed method. The Euler-Poincar characteristic is improved from unusable in the signed distance transform to 98% accuracy for the proposed method. The proposed method enables an improved local and global evaluation of curvature for purposes of morphometry on closed, implicit surfaces.      
### 43.Tasks Structure Regularization in Multi-Task Learning for Improving Facial Attribute Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04353.pdf)
>  The great success of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) for facial attribute prediction relies on a large amount of labeled images. Facial image datasets are usually annotated by some commonly used attributes (e.g., gender), while labels for the other attributes (e.g., big nose) are limited which causes their prediction challenging. To address this problem, we use a new Multi-Task Learning (MTL) paradigm in which a facial attribute predictor uses the knowledge of other related attributes to obtain a better generalization performance. Here, we leverage MLT paradigm in two problem settings. First, it is assumed that the structure of the tasks (e.g., grouping pattern of facial attributes) is known as a prior knowledge, and parameters of the tasks (i.e., predictors) within the same group are represented by a linear combination of a limited number of underlying basis tasks. Here, a sparsity constraint on the coefficients of this linear combination is also considered such that each task is represented in a more structured and simpler manner. Second, it is assumed that the structure of the tasks is unknown, and then structure and parameters of the tasks are learned jointly by using a Laplacian regularization framework. Our MTL methods are compared with competing methods for facial attribute prediction to show its effectiveness.      
### 44.Attribute Guided Sparse Tensor-Based Model for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04352.pdf)
>  Visual perception of a person is easily influenced by many factors such as camera parameters, pose and viewpoint variations. These variations make person Re-Identification (ReID) a challenging problem. Nevertheless, human attributes usually stand as robust visual properties to such variations. In this paper, we propose a new method to leverage features from human attributes for person ReID. Our model uses a tensor to non-linearly fuse identity and attribute features, and then forces the parameters of the tensor in the loss function to generate discriminative fused features for ReID. Since tensor-based methods usually contain a large number of parameters, training all of these parameters becomes very slow, and the chance of overfitting increases as well. To address this issue, we propose two new techniques based on Structural Sparsity Learning (SSL) and Tensor Decomposition (TD) methods to create an accurate and stable learning problem. We conducted experiments on several standard pedestrian datasets, and experimental results indicate that our tensor-based approach significantly improves person ReID baselines and also outperforms state of the art methods.      
### 45.Adversarial Open Domain Adaption Framework (AODA): Sketch-to-Photo Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04351.pdf)
>  This paper aims to demonstrate the efficiency of the Adversarial Open Domain Adaption framework for sketch-to-photo synthesis. The unsupervised open domain adaption for generating realistic photos from a hand-drawn sketch is challenging as there is no such sketch of that class for training data. The absence of learning supervision and the huge domain gap between both the freehand drawing and picture domains make it hard. We present an approach that learns both sketch-to-photo and photo-to-sketch generation to synthesise the missing freehand drawings from pictures. Due to the domain gap between synthetic sketches and genuine ones, the generator trained on false drawings may produce unsatisfactory results when dealing with drawings of lacking classes. To address this problem, we offer a simple but effective open-domain sampling and optimization method that tricks the generator into considering false drawings as genuine. Our approach generalises the learnt sketch-to-photo and photo-to-sketch mappings from in-domain input to open-domain categories. On the Scribble and SketchyCOCO datasets, we compared our technique to the most current competing methods. For many types of open-domain drawings, our model outperforms impressive results in synthesising accurate colour, substance, and retaining the structural layout.      
### 46.VirtualConductor: Music-driven Conducting Video Generation System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04350.pdf)
>  In this demo, we present VirtualConductor, a system that can generate conducting video from any given music and a single user's image. First, a large-scale conductor motion dataset is collected and constructed. Then, we propose Audio Motion Correspondence Network (AMCNet) and adversarial-perceptual learning to learn the cross-modal relationship and generate diverse, plausible, music-synchronized motion. Finally, we combine 3D animation rendering and a pose transfer model to synthesize conducting video from a single given user's image. Therefore, any user can become a virtual conductor through the system.      
### 47.AASeg: Attention Aware Network for Real Time Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04349.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a new network named Attention Aware Network (AASeg) for real time semantic image segmentation. Our network incorporates spatial and channel information using Spatial Attention (SA) and Channel Attention (CA) modules respectively. It also uses dense local multi-scale context information using Multi Scale Context (MSC) module. The feature maps are concatenated individually to produce the final segmentation map. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method using a comprehensive analysis, quantitative experimental results and ablation study using Cityscapes, ADE20K and Camvid datasets. Our network performs better than most previous architectures with a 74.4\% Mean IOU on Cityscapes test dataset while running at 202.7 FPS.      
### 48.Explainable AI and susceptibility to adversarial attacks: a case study in classification of breast ultrasound images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04345.pdf)
>  Ultrasound is a non-invasive imaging modality that can be conveniently used to classify suspicious breast nodules and potentially detect the onset of breast cancer. Recently, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) techniques have shown promising results in classifying ultrasound images of the breast into benign or malignant. However, CNN inference acts as a black-box model, and as such, its decision-making is not interpretable. Therefore, increasing effort has been dedicated to explaining this process, most notably through GRAD-CAM and other techniques that provide visual explanations into inner workings of CNNs. In addition to interpretation, these methods provide clinically important information, such as identifying the location for biopsy or treatment. In this work, we analyze how adversarial assaults that are practically undetectable may be devised to alter these importance maps dramatically. Furthermore, we will show that this change in the importance maps can come with or without altering the classification result, rendering them even harder to detect. As such, care must be taken when using these importance maps to shed light on the inner workings of deep learning. Finally, we utilize Multi-Task Learning (MTL) and propose a new network based on ResNet-50 to improve the classification accuracies. Our sensitivity and specificity is comparable to the state of the art results.      
### 49.A Survey of Machine Learning Techniques for Detecting and Diagnosing COVID-19 from Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04344.pdf)
>  Due to the limited availability and high cost of the reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test, many studies have proposed machine learning techniques for detecting COVID-19 from medical imaging. The purpose of this study is to systematically review, assess, and synthesize research articles that have used different machine learning techniques to detect and diagnose COVID-19 from chest X-ray and CT scan images. A structured literature search was conducted in the relevant bibliographic databases to ensure that the survey solely centered on reproducible and high-quality research. We selected papers based on our inclusion criteria. In this survey, we reviewed $98$ articles that fulfilled our inclusion criteria. We have surveyed a complete pipeline of chest imaging analysis techniques related to COVID-19, including data collection, pre-processing, feature extraction, classification, and visualization. We have considered CT scans and X-rays as both are widely used to describe the latest developments in medical imaging to detect COVID-19. This survey provides researchers with valuable insights into different machine learning techniques and their performance in the detection and diagnosis of COVID-19 from chest imaging. At the end, the challenges and limitations in detecting COVID-19 using machine learning techniques and the future direction of research are discussed.      
### 50.Creating synthetic meteorology satellite visible light images during night based on GAN method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04330.pdf)
>  Meteorology satellite visible light images is critical for meteorology support and forecast. However, there is no such kind of data during night time. To overcome this, we propose a method based on deep learning to create synthetic satellite visible light images during night. Specifically, to produce more realistic products, we train a Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) model to generate visible light images given the corresponding satellite infrared images and numerical weather prediction(NWP) products. To better model the nonlinear relationship from infrared data and NWP products to visible light images, we propose to use the channel-wise attention mechanics, e.g., SEBlock to quantitative weight the input channels. The experiments based on the ECMWF NWP products and FY-4A meteorology satellite visible light and infrared channels date show that the proposed methods can be effective to create realistic synthetic satellite visible light images during night.      
### 51.Class dependency based learning using Bi-LSTM coupled with the transfer learning of VGG16 for the diagnosis of Tuberculosis from chest x-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04329.pdf)
>  Tuberculosis is an infectious disease that is leading to the death of millions of people across the world. The mortality rate of this disease is high in patients suffering from immuno-compromised disorders. The early diagnosis of this disease can save lives and can avoid further complications. But the diagnosis of TB is a very complex task. The standard diagnostic tests still rely on traditional procedures developed in the last century. These procedures are slow and expensive. So this paper presents an automatic approach for the diagnosis of TB from posteroanterior chest x-rays. This is a two-step approach, where in the first step the lung regions are segmented from the chest x-rays using the graph cut method, and then in the second step the transfer learning of VGG16 combined with Bi-directional LSTM is used for extracting high-level discriminative features from the segmented lung regions and then classification is performed using a fully connected layer. The proposed model is evaluated using data from two publicly available databases namely Montgomery Country set and Schezien set. The proposed model achieved accuracy and sensitivity of 97.76%, 97.01% and 96.42%, 94.11% on Schezien and Montgomery county datasets. This model enhanced the diagnostic accuracy of TB by 0.7% and 11.68% on Schezien and Montgomery county datasets.      
### 52.AnyoneNet: Synchronized Speech and Talking Head Generation for arbitrary person  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04325.pdf)
>  Automatically generating videos in which synthesized speech is synchronized with lip movements in a talking head has great potential in many human-computer interaction scenarios. In this paper, we present an automatic method to generate synchronized speech and talking-head videos on the basis of text and a single face image of an arbitrary person as input. In contrast to previous text-driven talking head generation methods, which can only synthesize the voice of a specific person, the proposed method is capable of synthesizing speech for any person that is inaccessible in the training stage. Specifically, the proposed method decomposes the generation of synchronized speech and talking head videos into two stages, i.e., a text-to-speech (TTS) stage and a speech-driven talking head generation stage. The proposed TTS module is a face-conditioned multi-speaker TTS model that gets the speaker identity information from face images instead of speech, which allows us to synthesize a personalized voice on the basis of the input face image. To generate the talking head videos from the face images, a facial landmark-based method that can predict both lip movements and head rotations is proposed. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is able to generate synchronized speech and talking head videos for arbitrary persons and non-persons. Synthesized speech shows consistency with the given face regarding to the synthesized voice's timbre and one's appearance in the image, and the proposed landmark-based talking head method outperforms the state-of-the-art landmark-based method on generating natural talking head videos.      
### 53.Do Datasets Have Politics? Disciplinary Values in Computer Vision Dataset Development  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04308.pdf)
>  Data is a crucial component of machine learning. The field is reliant on data to train, validate, and test models. With increased technical capabilities, machine learning research has boomed in both academic and industry settings, and one major focus has been on computer vision. Computer vision is a popular domain of machine learning increasingly pertinent to real-world applications, from facial recognition in policing to object detection for autonomous vehicles. Given computer vision's propensity to shape machine learning research and impact human life, we seek to understand disciplinary practices around dataset documentation - how data is collected, curated, annotated, and packaged into datasets for computer vision researchers and practitioners to use for model tuning and development. Specifically, we examine what dataset documentation communicates about the underlying values of vision data and the larger practices and goals of computer vision as a field. To conduct this study, we collected a corpus of about 500 computer vision datasets, from which we sampled 114 dataset publications across different vision tasks. Through both a structured and thematic content analysis, we document a number of values around accepted data practices, what makes desirable data, and the treatment of humans in the dataset construction process. We discuss how computer vision datasets authors value efficiency at the expense of care; universality at the expense of contextuality; impartiality at the expense of positionality; and model work at the expense of data work. Many of the silenced values we identify sit in opposition with social computing practices. We conclude with suggestions on how to better incorporate silenced values into the dataset creation and curation process.      
### 54.Learning to Cut by Watching Movies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04294.pdf)
>  Video content creation keeps growing at an incredible pace; yet, creating engaging stories remains challenging and requires non-trivial video editing expertise. Many video editing components are astonishingly hard to automate primarily due to the lack of raw video materials. This paper focuses on a new task for computational video editing, namely the task of raking cut plausibility. Our key idea is to leverage content that has already been edited to learn fine-grained audiovisual patterns that trigger cuts. To do this, we first collected a data source of more than 10K videos, from which we extract more than 255K cuts. We devise a model that learns to discriminate between real and artificial cuts via contrastive learning. We set up a new task and a set of baselines to benchmark video cut generation. We observe that our proposed model outperforms the baselines by large margins. To demonstrate our model in real-world applications, we conduct human studies in a collection of unedited videos. The results show that our model does a better job at cutting than random and alternative baselines.      
### 55.Visual SLAM with Graph-Cut Optimized Multi-Plane Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04281.pdf)
>  This paper presents a semantic planar SLAM system that improves pose estimation and mapping using cues from an instance planar segmentation network. While the mainstream approaches are using RGB-D sensors, employing a monocular camera with such a system still faces challenges such as robust data association and precise geometric model fitting. In the majority of existing work, geometric model estimation problems such as homography estimation and piece-wise planar reconstruction (PPR) are usually solved by standard (greedy) RANSAC separately and sequentially. However, setting the inlier-outlier threshold is difficult in absence of information about the scene (i.e. the scale). In this work, we revisit these problems and argue that two mentioned geometric models (homographies/3D planes) can be solved by minimizing an energy function that exploits the spatial coherence, i.e. with graph-cut optimization, which also tackles the practical issue when the output of a trained CNN is inaccurate. Moreover, we propose an adaptive parameter setting strategy based on our experiments, and report a comprehensive evaluation on various open-source datasets.      
### 56.Automated Olfactory Bulb Segmentation on High Resolutional T2-Weighted MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04267.pdf)
>  The neuroimage analysis community has neglected the automated segmentation of the olfactory bulb (OB) despite its crucial role in olfactory function. The lack of an automatic processing method for the OB can be explained by its challenging properties. Nonetheless, recent advances in MRI acquisition techniques and resolution have allowed raters to generate more reliable manual annotations. Furthermore, the high accuracy of deep learning methods for solving semantic segmentation problems provides us with an option to reliably assess even small structures. In this work, we introduce a novel, fast, and fully automated deep learning pipeline to accurately segment OB tissue on sub-millimeter T2-weighted (T2w) whole-brain MR images. To this end, we designed a three-stage pipeline: (1) Localization of a region containing both OBs using FastSurferCNN, (2) Segmentation of OB tissue within the localized region through four independent AttFastSurferCNN - a novel deep learning architecture with a self-attention mechanism to improve modeling of contextual information, and (3) Ensemble of the predicted label maps. The OB pipeline exhibits high performance in terms of boundary delineation, OB localization, and volume estimation across a wide range of ages in 203 participants of the Rhineland Study. Moreover, it also generalizes to scans of an independent dataset never encountered during training, the Human Connectome Project (HCP), with different acquisition parameters and demographics, evaluated in 30 cases at the native 0.7mm HCP resolution, and the default 0.8mm pipeline resolution. We extensively validated our pipeline not only with respect to segmentation accuracy but also to known OB volume effects, where it can sensitively replicate age effects.      
### 57.TDLS: A Top-Down Layer Searching Algorithm for Generating Counterfactual Visual Explanation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04238.pdf)
>  Explanation of AI, as well as fairness of algorithms' decisions and the transparency of the decision model, are becoming more and more important. And it is crucial to design effective and human-friendly techniques when opening the black-box model. Counterfactual conforms to the human way of thinking and provides a human-friendly explanation, and its corresponding explanation algorithm refers to a strategic alternation of a given data point so that its model output is "counter-facted", i.e. the prediction is reverted. In this paper, we adapt counterfactual explanation over fine-grained image classification problem. We demonstrated an adaptive method that could give a counterfactual explanation by showing the composed counterfactual feature map using top-down layer searching algorithm (TDLS). We have proved that our TDLS algorithm could provide more flexible counterfactual visual explanation in an efficient way using VGG-16 model on Caltech-UCSD Birds 200 dataset. At the end, we discussed several applicable scenarios of counterfactual visual explanations.      
### 58.An optical biomimetic eyes with interested object imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04236.pdf)
>  We presented an optical system to perform imaging interested objects in complex scenes, like the creature easy see the interested prey in the hunt for complex environments. It utilized Deep-learning network to learn the interested objects's vision features and designed the corresponding "imaging matrices", furthermore the learned matrixes act as the measurement matrix to complete compressive imaging with a single-pixel camera, finally we can using the compressed image data to only image the interested objects without the rest objects and backgrounds of the scenes with the previous Deep-learning network. Our results demonstrate that no matter interested object is single feature or rich details, the interference can be successfully filtered out and this idea can be applied in some common applications that effectively improve the performance. This bio-inspired optical system can act as the creature eye to achieve success on interested-based object imaging, object detection, object recognition and object tracking, etc.      
### 59.Deep Transfer Learning for Identifications of Slope Surface Cracks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04235.pdf)
>  Geohazards such as landslides have caused great losses to the safety of people's lives and property, which is often accompanied with surface cracks. If such surface cracks could be identified in time, it is of great significance for the monitoring and early warning of geohazards. Currently, the most common method for crack identification is manual detection, which is with low efficiency and accuracy. In this paper, a deep transfer learning framework is proposed to effectively and efficiently identify slope surface cracks for the sake of fast monitoring and early warning of geohazards such as landslides. The essential idea is to employ transfer learning by training (a) the large sample dataset of concrete cracks and (b) the small sample dataset of soil and rock masses cracks. In the proposed framework, (1) pretrained cracks identification models are constructed based on the large sample dataset of concrete cracks; (2) refined cracks identification models are further constructed based on the small sample dataset of soil and rock masses cracks. The proposed framework could be applied to conduct UAV surveys on high-steep slopes to realize the monitoring and early warning of landslides to ensure the safety of people's lives and property.      
### 60.GANmapper: geographical content filling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04232.pdf)
>  We present a new method to create spatial data using a generative adversarial network (GAN). Our contribution uses coarse and widely available geospatial data to create maps of less available features at the finer scale in the built environment, bypassing their traditional acquisition techniques (e.g. satellite imagery or land surveying). In the work, we employ land use data and road networks as input to generate building footprints, and conduct experiments in 9 cities around the world. The method, which we implement in a tool we release openly, enables generating approximate maps of the urban form, and it is generalisable to augment other types of geoinformation, enhancing the completeness and quality of spatial data infrastructure. It may be especially useful in locations missing detailed and high-resolution data and those that are mapped with uncertain or heterogeneous quality, such as much of OpenStreetMap. The quality of the results is influenced by the urban form and scale. In most cases, experiments suggest promising performance as the method tends to truthfully indicate the locations, amount, and shape of buildings. The work has the potential to support several applications, such as energy, climate, and urban morphology studies in areas previously lacking required data.      
### 61.Meta-repository of screening mammography classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04800.pdf)
>  Artificial intelligence (AI) is transforming medicine and showing promise in improving clinical diagnosis. In breast cancer screening, several recent studies show that AI has the potential to improve radiologists' accuracy, subsequently helping in early cancer diagnosis and reducing unnecessary workup. As the number of proposed models and their complexity grows, it is becoming increasingly difficult to re-implement them in order to reproduce the results and to compare different approaches. To enable reproducibility of research in this application area and to enable comparison between different methods, we release a meta-repository containing deep learning models for classification of screening mammograms. This meta-repository creates a framework that enables the evaluation of machine learning models on any private or public screening mammography data set. At its inception, our meta-repository contains five state-of-the-art models with open-source implementations and cross-platform compatibility. We compare their performance on five international data sets: two private New York University breast cancer screening data sets as well as three public (DDSM, INbreast and Chinese Mammography Database) data sets. Our framework has a flexible design that can be generalized to other medical image analysis tasks. The meta-repository is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.github.com/nyukat/mammography_metarepository" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 62.Deep Learning for Breast Cancer Classification: Enhanced Tangent Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04663.pdf)
>  Background and Aim: Recently, deep learning using convolutional neural network has been used successfully to classify the images of breast cells accurately. However, the accuracy of manual classification of those histopathological images is comparatively low. This research aims to increase the accuracy of the classification of breast cancer images by utilizing a Patch-Based Classifier (PBC) along with deep learning architecture. Methodology: The proposed system consists of a Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN) that helps in enhancing and increasing the accuracy of the classification process. This is done by the use of the Patch-based Classifier (PBC). CNN has completely different layers where images are first fed through convolutional layers using hyperbolic tangent function together with the max-pooling layer, drop out layers, and SoftMax function for classification. Further, the output obtained is fed to a patch-based classifier that consists of patch-wise classification output followed by majority voting. Results: The results are obtained throughout the classification stage for breast cancer images that are collected from breast-histology datasets. The proposed solution improves the accuracy of classification whether or not the images had normal, benign, in-situ, or invasive carcinoma from 87% to 94% with a decrease in processing time from 0.45 s to 0.2s on average. Conclusion: The proposed solution focused on increasing the accuracy of classifying cancer in the breast by enhancing the image contrast and reducing the vanishing gradient. Finally, this solution for the implementation of the Contrast Limited Adaptive Histogram Equalization (CLAHE) technique and modified tangent function helps in increasing the accuracy.      
### 63.Known Operator Learning and Hybrid Machine Learning in Medical Imaging --- A Review of the Past, the Present, and the Future  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04543.pdf)
>  In this article, we perform a review of the state-of-the-art of hybrid machine learning in medical imaging. We start with a short summary of the general developments of the past in machine learning and how general and specialized approaches have been in competition in the past decades. A particular focus will be the theoretical and experimental evidence pro and contra hybrid modelling. Next, we inspect several new developments regarding hybrid machine learning with a particular focus on so-called known operator learning and how hybrid approaches gain more and more momentum across essentially all applications in medical imaging and medical image analysis. As we will point out by numerous examples, hybrid models are taking over in image reconstruction and analysis. Even domains such as physical simulation and scanner and acquisition design are being addressed using machine learning grey box modelling approaches. Towards the end of the article, we will investigate a few future directions and point out relevant areas in which hybrid modelling, meta learning, and other domains will likely be able to drive the state-of-the-art ahead.      
### 64.TrUMAn: Trope Understanding in Movies and Animations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04542.pdf)
>  Understanding and comprehending video content is crucial for many real-world applications such as search and recommendation systems. While recent progress of deep learning has boosted performance on various tasks using visual cues, deep cognition to reason intentions, motivation, or causality remains challenging. Existing datasets that aim to examine video reasoning capability focus on visual signals such as actions, objects, relations, or could be answered utilizing text bias. Observing this, we propose a novel task, along with a new dataset: Trope Understanding in Movies and Animations (TrUMAn), intending to evaluate and develop learning systems beyond visual signals. Tropes are frequently used storytelling devices for creative works. By coping with the trope understanding task and enabling the deep cognition skills of machines, we are optimistic that data mining applications and algorithms could be taken to the next level. To tackle the challenging TrUMAn dataset, we present a Trope Understanding and Storytelling (TrUSt) with a new Conceptual Storyteller module, which guides the video encoder by performing video storytelling on a latent space. The generated story embedding is then fed into the trope understanding model to provide further signals. Experimental results demonstrate that state-of-the-art learning systems on existing tasks reach only 12.01% of accuracy with raw input signals. Also, even in the oracle case with human-annotated descriptions, BERT contextual embedding achieves at most 28% of accuracy. Our proposed TrUSt boosts the model performance and reaches 13.94% performance. We also provide detailed analysis topave the way for future research. TrUMAn is publicly available at:<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.cmlab.csie.ntu.edu.tw/project/trope" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 65.On Procedural Adversarial Noise Attack And Defense  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04409.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are vulnerable to adversarial examples which would inveigle neural networks to make prediction errors with small per- turbations on the input images. Researchers have been devoted to promoting the research on the universal adversarial perturbations (UAPs) which are gradient-free and have little prior knowledge on data distributions. Procedural adversarial noise at- tack is a data-free universal perturbation generation method. In this paper, we propose two universal adversarial perturbation (UAP) generation methods based on procedural noise functions: Simplex noise and Worley noise. In our framework, the shading which disturbs visual classification is generated with rendering technology. Without changing the semantic representations, the adversarial examples generated via our methods show superior performance on the attack.      
### 66.Stroke Correspondence by Labeling Closed Areas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04393.pdf)
>  Constructing stroke correspondences between keyframes is one of the most important processes in the production pipeline of hand-drawn inbetweening frames. This process requires time-consuming manual work imposing a tremendous burden on the animators. We propose a method to estimate stroke correspondences between raster character images (keyframes) without vectorization processes. First, the proposed system separates the closed areas in each keyframe and estimates the correspondences between closed areas by using the characteristics of shape, depth, and closed area connection. Second, the proposed system estimates stroke correspondences from the estimated closed area correspondences. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method by performing a user study and comparing the proposed system with conventional approaches.      
### 67.Rethinking Architecture Selection in Differentiable NAS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04392.pdf)
>  Differentiable Neural Architecture Search is one of the most popular Neural Architecture Search (NAS) methods for its search efficiency and simplicity, accomplished by jointly optimizing the model weight and architecture parameters in a weight-sharing supernet via gradient-based algorithms. At the end of the search phase, the operations with the largest architecture parameters will be selected to form the final architecture, with the implicit assumption that the values of architecture parameters reflect the operation strength. While much has been discussed about the supernet's optimization, the architecture selection process has received little attention. We provide empirical and theoretical analysis to show that the magnitude of architecture parameters does not necessarily indicate how much the operation contributes to the supernet's performance. We propose an alternative perturbation-based architecture selection that directly measures each operation's influence on the supernet. We re-evaluate several differentiable NAS methods with the proposed architecture selection and find that it is able to extract significantly improved architectures from the underlying supernets consistently. Furthermore, we find that several failure modes of DARTS can be greatly alleviated with the proposed selection method, indicating that much of the poor generalization observed in DARTS can be attributed to the failure of magnitude-based architecture selection rather than entirely the optimization of its supernet.      
### 68.Generative Adversarial Neural Cellular Automata  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04328.pdf)
>  Motivated by the interaction between cells, the recently introduced concept of Neural Cellular Automata shows promising results in a variety of tasks. So far, this concept was mostly used to generate images for a single scenario. As each scenario requires a new model, this type of generation seems contradictory to the adaptability of cells in nature. To address this contradiction, we introduce a concept using different initial environments as input while using a single Neural Cellular Automata to produce several outputs. Additionally, we introduce GANCA, a novel algorithm that combines Neural Cellular Automata with Generative Adversarial Networks, allowing for more generalization through adversarial training. The experiments show that a single model is capable of learning several images when presented with different inputs, and that the adversarially trained model improves drastically on out-of-distribution data compared to a supervised trained model.      
### 69.Natural Numerical Networks for Natura 2000 habitats classification by satellite images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04327.pdf)
>  Natural numerical networks are introduced as a new classification algorithm based on the numerical solution of nonlinear partial differential equations of forward-backward diffusion type on complete graphs. The proposed natural numerical network is applied to open important environmental and nature conservation task, the automated identification of protected habitats by using satellite images. In the natural numerical network, the forward diffusion causes the movement of points in a feature space toward each other. The opposite effect, keeping the points away from each other, is caused by backward diffusion. This yields the desired classification. The natural numerical network contains a few parameters that are optimized in the learning phase of the method. After learning parameters and optimizing the topology of the network graph, classification necessary for habitat identification is performed. A relevancy map for each habitat is introduced as a tool for validating the classification and finding new Natura 2000 habitat appearances.      
### 70.FairyTailor: A Multimodal Generative Framework for Storytelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04324.pdf)
>  Storytelling is an open-ended task that entails creative thinking and requires a constant flow of ideas. Natural language generation (NLG) for storytelling is especially challenging because it requires the generated text to follow an overall theme while remaining creative and diverse to engage the reader. In this work, we introduce a system and a web-based demo, FairyTailor, for human-in-the-loop visual story co-creation. Users can create a cohesive children's fairytale by weaving generated texts and retrieved images with their input. FairyTailor adds another modality and modifies the text generation process to produce a coherent and creative sequence of text and images. To our knowledge, this is the first dynamic tool for multimodal story generation that allows interactive co-formation of both texts and images. It allows users to give feedback on co-created stories and share their results.      
