# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 2 Aug 2021
### 1.Out-of-Core Surface Reconstruction via Global $TGV$ Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14790.pdf)
>  We present an out-of-core variational approach for surface reconstruction from a set of aligned depth maps. Input depth maps are supposed to be reconstructed from regular photos or/and can be a representation of terrestrial LIDAR point clouds. Our approach is based on surface reconstruction via total generalized variation minimization ($TGV$) because of its strong visibility-based noise-filtering properties and GPU-friendliness. Our main contribution is an out-of-core OpenCL-accelerated adaptation of this numerical algorithm which can handle arbitrarily large real-world scenes with scale diversity.      
### 2.Relightable Neural Video Portrait  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14735.pdf)
>  Photo-realistic facial video portrait reenactment benefits virtual production and numerous VR/AR experiences. The task remains challenging as the portrait should maintain high realism and consistency with the target environment. In this paper, we present a relightable neural video portrait, a simultaneous relighting and reenactment scheme that transfers the head pose and facial expressions from a source actor to a portrait video of a target actor with arbitrary new backgrounds and lighting conditions. Our approach combines 4D reflectance field learning, model-based facial performance capture and target-aware neural rendering. Specifically, we adopt a rendering-to-video translation network to first synthesize high-quality OLAT imagesets and alpha mattes from hybrid facial performance capture results. We then design a semantic-aware facial normalization scheme to enable reliable explicit control as well as a multi-frame multi-task learning strategy to encode content, segmentation and temporal information simultaneously for high-quality reflectance field inference. After training, our approach further enables photo-realistic and controllable video portrait editing of the target performer. Reliable face poses and expression editing is obtained by applying the same hybrid facial capture and normalization scheme to the source video input, while our explicit alpha and OLAT output enable high-quality relit and background editing. With the ability to achieve simultaneous relighting and reenactment, we are able to improve the realism in a variety of virtual production and video rewrite applications.      
### 3.Sparse-to-dense Feature Matching: Intra and Inter domain Cross-modal Learning in Domain Adaptation for 3D Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14724.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation is critical for success when confronting with the lack of annotations in a new domain. As the huge time consumption of labeling process on 3D point cloud, domain adaptation for 3D semantic segmentation is of great expectation. With the rise of multi-modal datasets, large amount of 2D images are accessible besides 3D point clouds. In light of this, we propose to further leverage 2D data for 3D domain adaptation by intra and inter domain cross modal learning. As for intra-domain cross modal learning, most existing works sample the dense 2D pixel-wise features into the same size with sparse 3D point-wise features, resulting in the abandon of numerous useful 2D features. To address this problem, we propose Dynamic sparse-to-dense Cross Modal Learning (DsCML) to increase the sufficiency of multi-modality information interaction for domain adaptation. For inter-domain cross modal learning, we further advance Cross Modal Adversarial Learning (CMAL) on 2D and 3D data which contains different semantic content aiming to promote high-level modal complementarity. We evaluate our model under various multi-modality domain adaptation settings including day-to-night, country-to-country and dataset-to-dataset, brings large improvements over both uni-modal and multi-modal domain adaptation methods on all settings.      
### 4.Seeing poverty from space, how much can it be tuned?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14700.pdf)
>  Since the United Nations launched the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) in 2015, numerous universities, NGOs and other organizations have attempted to develop tools for monitoring worldwide progress in achieving them. Led by advancements in the fields of earth observation techniques, data sciences and the emergence of artificial intelligence, a number of research teams have developed innovative tools for highlighting areas of vulnerability and tracking the implementation of SDG targets. In this paper we demonstrate that individuals with no organizational affiliation and equipped only with common hardware, publicly available datasets and cloud-based computing services can participate in the improvement of predicting machine-learning-based approaches to predicting local poverty levels in a given agro-ecological environment. The approach builds upon several pioneering efforts over the last five years related to mapping poverty by deep learning to process satellite imagery and "ground-truth" data from the field to link features with incidence of poverty in a particular context. The approach employs new methods for object identification in order to optimize the modeled results and achieve significantly high accuracy. A key goal of the project was to intentionally keep costs as low as possible - by using freely available resources - so that citizen scientists, students and organizations could replicate the method in other areas of interest. Moreover, for simplicity, the input data used were derived from just a handful of sources (involving only earth observation and population headcounts). The results of the project could therefore certainly be strengthened further through the integration of proprietary data from social networks, mobile phone providers, and other sources.      
### 5.High-Resolution Depth Maps Based on TOF-Stereo Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14688.pdf)
>  The combination of range sensors with color cameras can be very useful for robot navigation, semantic perception, manipulation, and telepresence. Several methods of combining range- and color-data have been investigated and successfully used in various robotic applications. Most of these systems suffer from the problems of noise in the range-data and resolution mismatch between the range sensor and the color cameras, since the resolution of current range sensors is much less than the resolution of color cameras. High-resolution depth maps can be obtained using stereo matching, but this often fails to construct accurate depth maps of weakly/repetitively textured scenes, or if the scene exhibits complex self-occlusions. Range sensors provide coarse depth information regardless of presence/absence of texture. The use of a calibrated system, composed of a time-of-flight (TOF) camera and of a stereoscopic camera pair, allows data fusion thus overcoming the weaknesses of both individual sensors. We propose a novel TOF-stereo fusion method based on an efficient seed-growing algorithm which uses the TOF data projected onto the stereo image pair as an initial set of correspondences. These initial "seeds" are then propagated based on a Bayesian model which combines an image similarity score with rough depth priors computed from the low-resolution range data. The overall result is a dense and accurate depth map at the resolution of the color cameras at hand. We show that the proposed algorithm outperforms 2D image-based stereo algorithms and that the results are of higher resolution than off-the-shelf color-range sensors, e.g., Kinect. Moreover, the algorithm potentially exhibits real-time performance on a single CPU.      
### 6.Can non-specialists provide high quality gold standard labels in challenging modalities?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14682.pdf)
>  Probably yes. -- Supervised Deep Learning dominates performance scores for many computer vision tasks and defines the state-of-the-art. However, medical image analysis lags behind natural image applications. One of the many reasons is the lack of well annotated medical image data available to researchers. One of the first things researchers are told is that we require significant expertise to reliably and accurately interpret and label such data. We see significant inter- and intra-observer variability between expert annotations of medical images. Still, it is a widely held assumption that novice annotators are unable to provide useful annotations for use by clinical Deep Learning models. In this work we challenge this assumption and examine the implications of using a minimally trained novice labelling workforce to acquire annotations for a complex medical image dataset. We study the time and cost implications of using novice annotators, the raw performance of novice annotators compared to gold-standard expert annotators, and the downstream effects on a trained Deep Learning segmentation model's performance for detecting a specific congenital heart disease (hypoplastic left heart syndrome) in fetal ultrasound imaging.      
### 7.Instant Visual Odometry Initialization for Mobile AR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14659.pdf)
>  Mobile AR applications benefit from fast initialization to display world-locked effects instantly. However, standard visual odometry or SLAM algorithms require motion parallax to initialize (see Figure 1) and, therefore, suffer from delayed initialization. In this paper, we present a 6-DoF monocular visual odometry that initializes instantly and without motion parallax. Our main contribution is a pose estimator that decouples estimating the 5-DoF relative rotation and translation direction from the 1-DoF translation magnitude. While scale is not observable in a monocular vision-only setting, it is still paramount to estimate a consistent scale over the whole trajectory (even if not physically accurate) to avoid AR effects moving erroneously along depth. In our approach, we leverage the fact that depth errors are not perceivable to the user during rotation-only motion. However, as the user starts translating the device, depth becomes perceivable and so does the capability to estimate consistent scale. Our proposed algorithm naturally transitions between these two modes. We perform extensive validations of our contributions with both a publicly available dataset and synthetic data. We show that the proposed pose estimator outperforms the classical approaches for 6-DoF pose estimation used in the literature in low-parallax configurations. We release a dataset for the relative pose problem using real data to facilitate the comparison with future solutions for the relative pose problem. Our solution is either used as a full odometry or as a preSLAM component of any supported SLAM system (ARKit, ARCore) in world-locked AR effects on platforms such as Instagram and Facebook.      
### 8.Video Based Fall Detection Using Human Poses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14633.pdf)
>  Video based fall detection accuracy has been largely improved due to the recent progress on deep convolutional neural networks. However, there still exists some challenges, such as lighting variation, complex background, which degrade the accuracy and generalization ability of these approaches. Meanwhile, large computation cost limits the application of existing fall detection approaches. To alleviate these problems, a video based fall detection approach using human poses is proposed in this paper. First, a lightweight pose estimator extracts 2D poses from video sequences and then 2D poses are lifted to 3D poses. Second, we introduce a robust fall detection network to recognize fall events using estimated 3D poses, which increases respective filed and maintains low computation cost by dilated convolutions. The experimental results show that the proposed fall detection approach achieves a high accuracy of 99.83% on large benchmark action recognition dataset NTU RGB+D and real-time performance of 18 FPS on a non-GPU platform and 63 FPS on a GPU platform.      
### 9.Automatic Vocabulary and Graph Verification for Accurate Loop Closure Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14611.pdf)
>  Localizing pre-visited places during long-term simultaneous localization and mapping, i.e. loop closure detection (LCD), is a crucial technique to correct accumulated inconsistencies. As one of the most effective and efficient solutions, Bag-of-Words (BoW) builds a visual vocabulary to associate features and then detect loops. Most existing approaches that build vocabularies off-line determine scales of the vocabulary by trial-and-error, which often results in unreasonable feature association. Moreover, the accuracy of the algorithm usually declines due to perceptual aliasing, as the BoW-based method ignores the positions of visual features. To overcome these disadvantages, we propose a natural convergence criterion based on the comparison between the radii of nodes and the drifts of feature descriptors, which is then utilized to build the optimal vocabulary automatically. Furthermore, we present a novel topological graph verification method for validating candidate loops so that geometrical positions of the words can be involved with a negligible increase in complexity, which can significantly improve the accuracy of LCD. Experiments on various public datasets and comparisons against several state-of-the-art algorithms verify the performance of our proposed approach.      
### 10.SNE-RoadSeg+: Rethinking Depth-Normal Translation and Deep Supervision for Freespace Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14599.pdf)
>  Freespace detection is a fundamental component of autonomous driving perception. Recently, deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) have achieved impressive performance for this task. In particular, SNE-RoadSeg, our previously proposed method based on a surface normal estimator (SNE) and a data-fusion DCNN (RoadSeg), has achieved impressive performance in freespace detection. However, SNE-RoadSeg is computationally intensive, and it is difficult to execute in real time. To address this problem, we introduce SNE-RoadSeg+, an upgraded version of SNE-RoadSeg. SNE-RoadSeg+ consists of 1) SNE+, a module for more accurate surface normal estimation, and 2) RoadSeg+, a data-fusion DCNN that can greatly minimize the trade-off between accuracy and efficiency with the use of deep supervision. Extensive experimental results have demonstrated the effectiveness of our SNE+ for surface normal estimation and the superior performance of our SNE-RoadSeg+ over all other freespace detection approaches. Specifically, our SNE-RoadSeg+ runs in real time, and meanwhile, achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the KITTI road benchmark. Our project page is at https://www.sne-roadseg.site/sne-roadseg-plus.      
### 11.Product1M: Towards Weakly Supervised Instance-Level Product Retrieval via Cross-modal Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14572.pdf)
>  Nowadays, customer's demands for E-commerce are more diversified, which introduces more complications to the product retrieval industry. Previous methods are either subject to single-modal input or perform supervised image-level product retrieval, thus fail to accommodate real-life scenarios where enormous weakly annotated multi-modal data are present. In this paper, we investigate a more realistic setting that aims to perform weakly-supervised multi-modal instance-level product retrieval among fine-grained product categories. To promote the study of this challenging task, we contribute Product1M, one of the largest multi-modal cosmetic datasets for real-world instance-level retrieval. Notably, Product1M contains over 1 million image-caption pairs and consists of two sample types, i.e., single-product and multi-product samples, which encompass a wide variety of cosmetics brands. In addition to the great diversity, Product1M enjoys several appealing characteristics including fine-grained categories, complex combinations, and fuzzy correspondence that well mimic the real-world scenes. Moreover, we propose a novel model named Cross-modal contrAstive Product Transformer for instance-level prodUct REtrieval (CAPTURE), that excels in capturing the potential synergy between multi-modal inputs via a hybrid-stream transformer in a self-supervised manner.CAPTURE generates discriminative instance features via masked multi-modal learning as well as cross-modal contrastive pretraining and it outperforms several SOTA cross-modal baselines. Extensive ablation studies well demonstrate the effectiveness and the generalization capacity of our model.      
### 12.Iterative, Deep, and Unsupervised Synthetic Aperture Sonar Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14563.pdf)
>  Deep learning has not been routinely employed for semantic segmentation of seabed environment for synthetic aperture sonar (SAS) imagery due to the implicit need of abundant training data such methods necessitate. Abundant training data, specifically pixel-level labels for all images, is usually not available for SAS imagery due to the complex logistics (e.g., diver survey, chase boat, precision position information) needed for obtaining accurate ground-truth. Many hand-crafted feature based algorithms have been proposed to segment SAS in an unsupervised fashion. However, there is still room for improvement as the feature extraction step of these methods is fixed. In this work, we present a new iterative unsupervised algorithm for learning deep features for SAS image segmentation. Our proposed algorithm alternates between clustering superpixels and updating the parameters of a convolutional neural network (CNN) so that the feature extraction for image segmentation can be optimized. We demonstrate the efficacy of our method on a realistic benchmark dataset. Our results show that the performance of our proposed method is considerably better than current state-of-the-art methods in SAS image segmentation.      
### 13.Shadow Art Revisited: A Differentiable Rendering Based Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14539.pdf)
>  While recent learning based methods have been observed to be superior for several vision-related applications, their potential in generating artistic effects has not been explored much. One such interesting application is Shadow Art - a unique form of sculptural art where 2D shadows cast by a 3D sculpture produce artistic effects. In this work, we revisit shadow art using differentiable rendering based optimization frameworks to obtain the 3D sculpture from a set of shadow (binary) images and their corresponding projection information. Specifically, we discuss shape optimization through voxel as well as mesh-based differentiable renderers. Our choice of using differentiable rendering for generating shadow art sculptures can be attributed to its ability to learn the underlying 3D geometry solely from image data, thus reducing the dependence on 3D ground truth. The qualitative and quantitative results demonstrate the potential of the proposed framework in generating complex 3D sculptures that go beyond those seen in contemporary art pieces using just a set of shadow images as input. Further, we demonstrate the generation of 3D sculptures to cast shadows of faces, animated movie characters, and applicability of the framework to sketch-based 3D reconstruction of underlying shapes.      
### 14.Recognizing Emotions evoked by Movies using Multitask Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14529.pdf)
>  Understanding the emotional impact of movies has become important for affective movie analysis, ranking, and indexing. Methods for recognizing evoked emotions are usually trained on human annotated data. Concretely, viewers watch video clips and have to manually annotate the emotions they experienced while watching the videos. Then, the common practice is to aggregate the different annotations, by computing average scores or majority voting, and train and test models on these aggregated annotations. With this procedure a single aggregated evoked emotion annotation is obtained per each video. However, emotions experienced while watching a video are subjective: different individuals might experience different emotions. In this paper, we model the emotions evoked by videos in a different manner: instead of modeling the aggregated value we jointly model the emotions experienced by each viewer and the aggregated value using a multi-task learning approach. Concretely, we propose two deep learning architectures: a Single-Task (ST) architecture and a Multi-Task (MT) architecture. Our results show that the MT approach can more accurately model each viewer and the aggregated annotation when compared to methods that are directly trained on the aggregated annotations. Furthermore, our approach outperforms the current state-of-the-art results on the COGNIMUSE benchmark.      
### 15.The Minimum Edit Arborescence Problem and Its Use in Compressing Graph Collections [Extended Version]  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14525.pdf)
>  The inference of minimum spanning arborescences within a set of objects is a general problem which translates into numerous application-specific unsupervised learning tasks. We introduce a unified and generic structure called edit arborescence that relies on edit paths between data in a collection, as well as the Min Edit Arborescence Problem, which asks for an edit arborescence that minimizes the sum of costs of its inner edit paths. Through the use of suitable cost functions, this generic framework allows to model a variety of problems. In particular, we show that by introducing encoding size preserving edit costs, it can be used as an efficient method for compressing collections of labeled graphs. Experiments on various graph datasets, with comparisons to standard compression tools, show the potential of our method.      
### 16.Fourier Series Expansion Based Filter Parametrization for Equivariant Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14519.pdf)
>  It has been shown that equivariant convolution is very helpful for many types of computer vision tasks. Recently, the 2D filter parametrization technique plays an important role when designing equivariant convolutions. However, the current filter parametrization method still has its evident drawbacks, where the most critical one lies in the accuracy problem of filter representation. Against this issue, in this paper we modify the classical Fourier series expansion for 2D filters, and propose a new set of atomic basis functions for filter parametrization. The proposed filter parametrization method not only finely represents 2D filters with zero error when the filter is not rotated, but also substantially alleviates the fence-effect-caused quality degradation when the filter is rotated. Accordingly, we construct a new equivariant convolution method based on the proposed filter parametrization method, named F-Conv. We prove that the equivariance of the proposed F-Conv is exact in the continuous domain, which becomes approximate only after discretization. Extensive experiments show the superiority of the proposed method. Particularly, we adopt rotation equivariant convolution methods to image super-resolution task, and F-Conv evidently outperforms previous filter parametrization based method in this task, reflecting its intrinsic capability of faithfully preserving rotation symmetries in local image features.      
### 17.Pix2Point: Learning Outdoor 3D Using Sparse Point Clouds and Optimal Transport  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14498.pdf)
>  Good quality reconstruction and comprehension of a scene rely on 3D estimation methods. The 3D information was usually obtained from images by stereo-photogrammetry, but deep learning has recently provided us with excellent results for monocular depth estimation. Building up a sufficiently large and rich training dataset to achieve these results requires onerous processing. In this paper, we address the problem of learning outdoor 3D point cloud from monocular data using a sparse ground-truth dataset. We propose Pix2Point, a deep learning-based approach for monocular 3D point cloud prediction, able to deal with complete and challenging outdoor scenes. Our method relies on a 2D-3D hybrid neural network architecture, and a supervised end-to-end minimisation of an optimal transport divergence between point clouds. We show that, when trained on sparse point clouds, our simple promising approach achieves a better coverage of 3D outdoor scenes than efficient monocular depth methods.      
### 18.OpenForensics: Large-Scale Challenging Dataset For Multi-Face Forgery Detection And Segmentation In-The-Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14480.pdf)
>  The proliferation of deepfake media is raising concerns among the public and relevant authorities. It has become essential to develop countermeasures against forged faces in social media. This paper presents a comprehensive study on two new countermeasure tasks: multi-face forgery detection and segmentation in-the-wild. Localizing forged faces among multiple human faces in unrestricted natural scenes is far more challenging than the traditional deepfake recognition task. To promote these new tasks, we have created the first large-scale dataset posing a high level of challenges that is designed with face-wise rich annotations explicitly for face forgery detection and segmentation, namely OpenForensics. With its rich annotations, our OpenForensics dataset has great potentials for research in both deepfake prevention and general human face detection. We have also developed a suite of benchmarks for these tasks by conducting an extensive evaluation of state-of-the-art instance detection and segmentation methods on our newly constructed dataset in various scenarios. The dataset, benchmark results, codes, and supplementary materials will be publicly available on our project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/ltnghia/research/openforensics" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 19.Medical Instrument Segmentation in 3D US by Hybrid Constrained Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14476.pdf)
>  Medical instrument segmentation in 3D ultrasound is essential for image-guided intervention. However, to train a successful deep neural network for instrument segmentation, a large number of labeled images are required, which is expensive and time-consuming to obtain. In this article, we propose a semi-supervised learning (SSL) framework for instrument segmentation in 3D US, which requires much less annotation effort than the existing methods. To achieve the SSL learning, a Dual-UNet is proposed to segment the instrument. The Dual-UNet leverages unlabeled data using a novel hybrid loss function, consisting of uncertainty and contextual constraints. Specifically, the uncertainty constraints leverage the uncertainty estimation of the predictions of the UNet, and therefore improve the unlabeled information for SSL training. In addition, contextual constraints exploit the contextual information of the training images, which are used as the complementary information for voxel-wise uncertainty estimation. Extensive experiments on multiple ex-vivo and in-vivo datasets show that our proposed method achieves Dice score of about 68.6%-69.1% and the inference time of about 1 sec. per volume. These results are better than the state-of-the-art SSL methods and the inference time is comparable to the supervised approaches.      
### 20.DPT: Deformable Patch-based Transformer for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14467.pdf)
>  Transformer has achieved great success in computer vision, while how to split patches in an image remains a problem. Existing methods usually use a fixed-size patch embedding which might destroy the semantics of objects. To address this problem, we propose a new Deformable Patch (DePatch) module which learns to adaptively split the images into patches with different positions and scales in a data-driven way rather than using predefined fixed patches. In this way, our method can well preserve the semantics in patches. The DePatch module can work as a plug-and-play module, which can easily be incorporated into different transformers to achieve an end-to-end training. We term this DePatch-embedded transformer as Deformable Patch-based Transformer (DPT) and conduct extensive evaluations of DPT on image classification and object detection. Results show DPT can achieve 81.9% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet classification, and 43.7% box mAP with RetinaNet, 44.3% with Mask R-CNN on MSCOCO object detection. Code has been made available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CASIA-IVA-Lab/DPT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 21.Synth-by-Reg (SbR): Contrastive learning for synthesis-based registration of paired images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14449.pdf)
>  Nonlinear inter-modality registration is often challenging due to the lack of objective functions that are good proxies for alignment. Here we propose a synthesis-by-registration method to convert this problem into an easier intra-modality task. We introduce a registration loss for weakly supervised image translation between domains that does not require perfectly aligned training data. This loss capitalises on a registration U-Net with frozen weights, to drive a synthesis CNN towards the desired translation. We complement this loss with a structure preserving constraint based on contrastive learning, which prevents blurring and content shifts due to overfitting. We apply this method to the registration of histological sections to MRI slices, a key step in 3D histology reconstruction. Results on two different public datasets show improvements over registration based on mutual information (13% reduction in landmark error) and synthesis-based algorithms such as CycleGAN (11% reduction), and are comparable to a registration CNN with label supervision.      
### 22.T-SVDNet: Exploring High-Order Prototypical Correlations for Multi-Source Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14447.pdf)
>  Most existing domain adaptation methods focus on adaptation from only one source domain, however, in practice there are a number of relevant sources that could be leveraged to help improve performance on target domain. We propose a novel approach named T-SVDNet to address the task of Multi-source Domain Adaptation (MDA), which is featured by incorporating Tensor Singular Value Decomposition (T-SVD) into a neural network's training pipeline. Overall, high-order correlations among multiple domains and categories are fully explored so as to better bridge the domain gap. Specifically, we impose Tensor-Low-Rank (TLR) constraint on a tensor obtained by stacking up a group of prototypical similarity matrices, aiming at capturing consistent data structure across different domains. Furthermore, to avoid negative transfer brought by noisy source data, we propose a novel uncertainty-aware weighting strategy to adaptively assign weights to different source domains and samples based on the result of uncertainty estimation. Extensive experiments conducted on public benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of our model in addressing the task of MDA compared to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 23.Manipulating Identical Filter Redundancy for Efficient Pruning on Deep and Complicated CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14444.pdf)
>  The existence of redundancy in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) enables us to remove some filters/channels with acceptable performance drops. However, the training objective of CNNs usually tends to minimize an accuracy-related loss function without any attention paid to the redundancy, making the redundancy distribute randomly on all the filters, such that removing any of them may trigger information loss and accuracy drop, necessitating a following finetuning step for recovery. In this paper, we propose to manipulate the redundancy during training to facilitate network pruning. To this end, we propose a novel Centripetal SGD (C-SGD) to make some filters identical, resulting in ideal redundancy patterns, as such filters become purely redundant due to their duplicates; hence removing them does not harm the network. As shown on CIFAR and ImageNet, C-SGD delivers better performance because the redundancy is better organized, compared to the existing methods. The efficiency also characterizes C-SGD because it is as fast as regular SGD, requires no finetuning, and can be conducted simultaneously on all the layers even in very deep CNNs. Besides, C-SGD can improve the accuracy of CNNs by first training a model with the same architecture but wider layers then squeezing it into the original width.      
### 24.Dynamic Neural Representational Decoders for High-Resolution Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14428.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation requires per-pixel prediction for a given image. Typically, the output resolution of a segmentation network is severely reduced due to the downsampling operations in the CNN backbone. Most previous methods employ upsampling decoders to recover the spatial resolution. Various decoders were designed in the literature. Here, we propose a novel decoder, termed dynamic neural representational decoder (NRD), which is simple yet significantly more efficient. As each location on the encoder's output corresponds to a local patch of the semantic labels, in this work, we represent these local patches of labels with compact neural networks. This neural representation enables our decoder to leverage the smoothness prior in the semantic label space, and thus makes our decoder more efficient. Furthermore, these neural representations are dynamically generated and conditioned on the outputs of the encoder networks. The desired semantic labels can be efficiently decoded from the neural representations, resulting in high-resolution semantic segmentation predictions. We empirically show that our proposed decoder can outperform the decoder in DeeplabV3+ with only 30% computational complexity, and achieve competitive performance with the methods using dilated encoders with only 15% computation. Experiments on the Cityscapes, ADE20K, and PASCAL Context datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed method.      
### 25.Enhancing Social Relation Inference with Concise Interaction Graph and Discriminative Scene Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14425.pdf)
>  There has been a recent surge of research interest in attacking the problem of social relation inference based on images. Existing works classify social relations mainly by creating complicated graphs of human interactions, or learning the foreground and/or background information of persons and objects, but ignore holistic scene context. The holistic scene refers to the functionality of a place in images, such as dinning room, playground and office. In this paper, by mimicking human understanding on images, we propose an approach of \textbf{PR}actical \textbf{I}nference in \textbf{S}ocial r\textbf{E}lation (PRISE), which concisely learns interactive features of persons and discriminative features of holistic scenes. Technically, we develop a simple and fast relational graph convolutional network to capture interactive features of all persons in one image. To learn the holistic scene feature, we elaborately design a contrastive learning task based on image scene classification. To further boost the performance in social relation inference, we collect and distribute a new large-scale dataset, which consists of about 240 thousand unlabeled images. The extensive experimental results show that our novel learning framework significantly beats the state-of-the-art methods, e.g., PRISE achieves 6.8$\%$ improvement for domain classification in PIPA dataset.      
### 26.Self-Supervised Regional and Temporal Auxiliary Tasks for Facial Action Unit Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14399.pdf)
>  Automatic facial action unit (AU) recognition is a challenging task due to the scarcity of manual annotations. To alleviate this problem, a large amount of efforts has been dedicated to exploiting various methods which leverage numerous unlabeled data. However, many aspects with regard to some unique properties of AUs, such as the regional and relational characteristics, are not sufficiently explored in previous works. Motivated by this, we take the AU properties into consideration and propose two auxiliary AU related tasks to bridge the gap between limited annotations and the model performance in a self-supervised manner via the unlabeled data. Specifically, to enhance the discrimination of regional features with AU relation embedding, we design a task of RoI inpainting to recover the randomly cropped AU patches. Meanwhile, a single image based optical flow estimation task is proposed to leverage the dynamic change of facial muscles and encode the motion information into the global feature representation. Based on these two self-supervised auxiliary tasks, local features, mutual relation and motion cues of AUs are better captured in the backbone network with the proposed regional and temporal based auxiliary task learning (RTATL) framework. Extensive experiments on BP4D and DISFA demonstrate the superiority of our method and new state-of-the-art performances are achieved.      
### 27.From Multi-View to Hollow-3D: Hallucinated Hollow-3D R-CNN for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14391.pdf)
>  As an emerging data modal with precise distance sensing, LiDAR point clouds have been placed great expectations on 3D scene understanding. However, point clouds are always sparsely distributed in the 3D space, and with unstructured storage, which makes it difficult to represent them for effective 3D object detection. To this end, in this work, we regard point clouds as hollow-3D data and propose a new architecture, namely Hallucinated Hollow-3D R-CNN ($\text{H}^2$3D R-CNN), to address the problem of 3D object detection. In our approach, we first extract the multi-view features by sequentially projecting the point clouds into the perspective view and the bird-eye view. Then, we hallucinate the 3D representation by a novel bilaterally guided multi-view fusion block. Finally, the 3D objects are detected via a box refinement module with a novel Hierarchical Voxel RoI Pooling operation. The proposed $\text{H}^2$3D R-CNN provides a new angle to take full advantage of complementary information in the perspective view and the bird-eye view with an efficient framework. We evaluate our approach on the public KITTI Dataset and Waymo Open Dataset. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our method over the state-of-the-art algorithms with respect to both effectiveness and efficiency. The code will be made available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/djiajunustc/H-23D_R-CNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 28.DarkLighter: Light Up the Darkness for UAV Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14389.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed the fast evolution and promising performance of the convolutional neural network (CNN)-based trackers, which aim at imitating biological visual systems. However, current CNN-based trackers can hardly generalize well to low-light scenes that are commonly lacked in the existing training set. In indistinguishable night scenarios frequently encountered in unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) tracking-based applications, the robustness of the state-of-the-art (SOTA) trackers drops significantly. To facilitate aerial tracking in the dark through a general fashion, this work proposes a low-light image enhancer namely DarkLighter, which dedicates to alleviate the impact of poor illumination and noise iteratively. A lightweight map estimation network, i.e., ME-Net, is trained to efficiently estimate illumination maps and noise maps jointly. Experiments are conducted with several SOTA trackers on numerous UAV dark tracking scenes. Exhaustive evaluations demonstrate the reliability and universality of DarkLighter, with high efficiency. Moreover, DarkLighter has further been implemented on a typical UAV system. Real-world tests at night scenes have verified its practicability and dependability.      
### 29.Real-time Streaming Perception System for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14388.pdf)
>  Nowadays, plenty of deep learning technologies are being applied to all aspects of autonomous driving with promising results. Among them, object detection is the key to improve the ability of an autonomous agent to perceive its environment so that it can (re)act. However, previous vision-based object detectors cannot achieve satisfactory performance under real-time driving scenarios. To remedy this, we present the real-time steaming perception system in this paper, which is also the 2nd Place solution of Streaming Perception Challenge (Workshop on Autonomous Driving at CVPR 2021) for the detection-only track. Unlike traditional object detection challenges, which focus mainly on the absolute performance, streaming perception task requires achieving a balance of accuracy and latency, which is crucial for real-time autonomous driving. We adopt YOLOv5 as our basic framework, data augmentation, Bag-of-Freebies, and Transformer are adopted to improve streaming object detection performance with negligible extra inference cost. On the Argoverse-HD test set, our method achieves 33.2 streaming AP (34.6 streaming AP verified by the organizer) under the required hardware. Its performance significantly surpasses the fixed baseline of 13.6 (host team), demonstrating the potentiality of application.      
### 30.Exploring Low-light Object Detection Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14382.pdf)
>  Images acquired by computer vision systems under low light conditions have multiple characteristics like high noise, lousy illumination, reflectance, and bad contrast, which make object detection tasks difficult. Much work has been done to enhance images using various pixel manipulation techniques, as well as deep neural networks - some focused on improving the illumination, while some on reducing the noise. Similarly, considerable research has been done in object detection neural network models. In our work, we break down the problem into two phases: 1)First, we explore which image enhancement algorithm is more suited for object detection tasks, where accurate feature retrieval is more important than good image quality. Specifically, we look at basic histogram equalization techniques and unpaired image translation techniques. 2)In the second phase, we explore different object detection models that can be applied to the enhanced image. We conclude by comparing all results, calculating mean average precisions (mAP), and giving some directions for future work.      
### 31.Towards robust vision by multi-task learning on monkey visual cortex  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14344.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks set the state-of-the-art across many tasks in computer vision, but their generalization ability to image distortions is surprisingly fragile. In contrast, the mammalian visual system is robust to a wide range of perturbations. Recent work suggests that this generalization ability can be explained by useful inductive biases encoded in the representations of visual stimuli throughout the visual cortex. Here, we successfully leveraged these inductive biases with a multi-task learning approach: we jointly trained a deep network to perform image classification and to predict neural activity in macaque primary visual cortex (V1). We measured the out-of-distribution generalization abilities of our network by testing its robustness to image distortions. We found that co-training on monkey V1 data leads to increased robustness despite the absence of those distortions during training. Additionally, we showed that our network's robustness is very close to that of an Oracle network where parts of the architecture are directly trained on noisy images. Our results also demonstrated that the network's representations become more brain-like as their robustness improves. Using a novel constrained reconstruction analysis, we investigated what makes our brain-regularized network more robust. We found that our co-trained network is more sensitive to content than noise when compared to a Baseline network that we trained for image classification alone. Using DeepGaze-predicted saliency maps for ImageNet images, we found that our monkey co-trained network tends to be more sensitive to salient regions in a scene, reminiscent of existing theories on the role of V1 in the detection of object borders and bottom-up saliency. Overall, our work expands the promising research avenue of transferring inductive biases from the brain, and provides a novel analysis of the effects of our transfer.      
### 32.Real-Time Anchor-Free Single-Stage 3D Detection with IoU-Awareness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14342.pdf)
>  In this report, we introduce our winning solution to the Real-time 3D Detection and also the "Most Efficient Model" in the Waymo Open Dataset Challenges at CVPR 2021. Extended from our last year's award-winning model AFDet, we have made a handful of modifications to the base model, to improve the accuracy and at the same time to greatly reduce the latency. The modified model, named as AFDetV2, is featured with a lite 3D Feature Extractor, an improved RPN with extended receptive field and an added sub-head that produces an IoU-aware confidence score. These model enhancements, together with enriched data augmentation, stochastic weights averaging, and a GPU-based implementation of voxelization, lead to a winning accuracy of 73.12 mAPH/L2 for our AFDetV2 with a latency of 60.06 ms, and an accuracy of 72.57 mAPH/L2 for our AFDetV2-base, entitled as the "Most Efficient Model" by the challenge sponsor, with a winning latency of 55.86 ms.      
### 33.Temporal Feature Warping for Video Shadow Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14287.pdf)
>  While single image shadow detection has been improving rapidly in recent years, video shadow detection remains a challenging task due to data scarcity and the difficulty in modelling temporal consistency. The current video shadow detection method achieves this goal via co-attention, which mostly exploits information that is temporally coherent but is not robust in detecting moving shadows and small shadow regions. In this paper, we propose a simple but powerful method to better aggregate information temporally. We use an optical flow based warping module to align and then combine features between frames. We apply this warping module across multiple deep-network layers to retrieve information from neighboring frames including both local details and high-level semantic information. We train and test our framework on the ViSha dataset. Experimental results show that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art video shadow detection method by 28%, reducing BER from 16.7 to 12.0.      
### 34.ADeLA: Automatic Dense Labeling with Attention for Viewpoint Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14285.pdf)
>  We describe an unsupervised domain adaptation method for image content shift caused by viewpoint changes for a semantic segmentation task. Most existing methods perform domain alignment in a shared space and assume that the mapping from the aligned space to the output is transferable. However, the novel content induced by viewpoint changes may nullify such a space for effective alignments, thus resulting in negative adaptation. Our method works without aligning any statistics of the images between the two domains. Instead, it utilizes a view transformation network trained only on color images to hallucinate the semantic images for the target. Despite the lack of supervision, the view transformation network can still generalize to semantic images thanks to the inductive bias introduced by the attention mechanism. Furthermore, to resolve ambiguities in converting the semantic images to semantic labels, we treat the view transformation network as a functional representation of an unknown mapping implied by the color images and propose functional label hallucination to generate pseudo-labels in the target domain. Our method surpasses baselines built on state-of-the-art correspondence estimation and view synthesis methods. Moreover, it outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised domain adaptation methods that utilize self-training and adversarial domain alignment. Our code and dataset will be made publicly available.      
### 35.DCT2net: an interpretable shallow CNN for image denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14803.pdf)
>  This work tackles the issue of noise removal from images, focusing on the well-known DCT image denoising algorithm. The latter, stemming from signal processing, has been well studied over the years. Though very simple, it is still used in crucial parts of state-of-the-art "traditional" denoising algorithms such as BM3D. Since a few years however, deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) have outperformed their traditional counterparts, making signal processing methods less attractive. In this paper, we demonstrate that a DCT denoiser can be seen as a shallow CNN and thereby its original linear transform can be tuned through gradient descent in a supervised manner, improving considerably its performance. This gives birth to a fully interpretable CNN called DCT2net. To deal with remaining artifacts induced by DCT2net, an original hybrid solution between DCT and DCT2net is proposed combining the best that these two methods can offer; DCT2net is selected to process non-stationary image patches while DCT is optimal for piecewise smooth patches. Experiments on artificially noisy images demonstrate that two-layer DCT2net provides comparable results to BM3D and is as fast as DnCNN algorithm composed of more than a dozen of layers.      
### 36.Perceiver IO: A General Architecture for Structured Inputs &amp; Outputs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14795.pdf)
>  The recently-proposed Perceiver model obtains good results on several domains (images, audio, multimodal, point clouds) while scaling linearly in compute and memory with the input size. While the Perceiver supports many kinds of inputs, it can only produce very simple outputs such as class scores. Perceiver IO overcomes this limitation without sacrificing the original's appealing properties by learning to flexibly query the model's latent space to produce outputs of arbitrary size and semantics. Perceiver IO still decouples model depth from data size and still scales linearly with data size, but now with respect to both input and output sizes. The full Perceiver IO model achieves strong results on tasks with highly structured output spaces, such as natural language and visual understanding, StarCraft II, and multi-task and multi-modal domains. As highlights, Perceiver IO matches a Transformer-based BERT baseline on the GLUE language benchmark without the need for input tokenization and achieves state-of-the-art performance on Sintel optical flow estimation.      
### 37.On the Efficacy of Small Self-Supervised Contrastive Models without Distillation Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14762.pdf)
>  It is a consensus that small models perform quite poorly under the paradigm of self-supervised contrastive learning. Existing methods usually adopt a large off-the-shelf model to transfer knowledge to the small one via knowledge distillation. Despite their effectiveness, distillation-based methods may not be suitable for some resource-restricted scenarios due to the huge computational expenses of deploying a large model. In this paper, we study the issue of training self-supervised small models without distillation signals. We first evaluate the representation spaces of the small models and make two non-negligible observations: (i) small models can complete the pretext task without overfitting despite its limited capacity; (ii) small models universally suffer the problem of over-clustering. Then we verify multiple assumptions that are considered to alleviate the over-clustering phenomenon. Finally, we combine the validated techniques and improve the baseline of five small architectures with considerable margins, which indicates that training small self-supervised contrastive models is feasible even without distillation signals.      
### 38.When Deep Learners Change Their Mind: Learning Dynamics for Active Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14707.pdf)
>  Active learning aims to select samples to be annotated that yield the largest performance improvement for the learning algorithm. Many methods approach this problem by measuring the informativeness of samples and do this based on the certainty of the network predictions for samples. However, it is well-known that neural networks are overly confident about their prediction and are therefore an untrustworthy source to assess sample informativeness. In this paper, we propose a new informativeness-based active learning method. Our measure is derived from the learning dynamics of a neural network. More precisely we track the label assignment of the unlabeled data pool during the training of the algorithm. We capture the learning dynamics with a metric called label-dispersion, which is low when the network consistently assigns the same label to the sample during the training of the network and high when the assigned label changes frequently. We show that label-dispersion is a promising predictor of the uncertainty of the network, and show on two benchmark datasets that an active learning algorithm based on label-dispersion obtains excellent results.      
### 39.Topological Similarity Index and Loss Function for Blood Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14531.pdf)
>  Blood vessel segmentation is one of the most studied topics in computer vision, due to its relevance in daily clinical practice. Despite the evolution the field has been facing, especially after the dawn of deep learning, important challenges are still not solved. One of them concerns the consistency of the topological properties of the vascular trees, given that the best performing methodologies do not directly penalize mistakes such as broken segments and end up producing predictions with disconnected trees. This is particularly relevant in graph-like structures, such as blood vessel trees, given that it puts at risk the characterization steps that follow the segmentation task. In this paper, we propose a similarity index which captures the topological consistency of the predicted segmentations having as reference the ground truth. We also design a novel loss function based on the morphological closing operator and show how it allows to learn deep neural network models which produce more topologically coherent masks. Our experiments target well known retinal benchmarks and a coronary angiogram database.      
### 40.ManiSkill: Learning-from-Demonstrations Benchmark for Generalizable Manipulation Skills  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14483.pdf)
>  Learning generalizable manipulation skills is central for robots to achieve task automation in environments with endless scene and object variations. However, existing robot learning environments are limited in both scale and diversity of 3D assets (especially of articulated objects), making it difficult to train and evaluate the generalization ability of agents over novel objects. In this work, we focus on object-level generalization and propose SAPIEN Manipulation Skill Benchmark (abbreviated as ManiSkill), a large-scale learning-from-demonstrations benchmark for articulated object manipulation with visual input (point cloud and image). ManiSkill supports object-level variations by utilizing a rich and diverse set of articulated objects, and each task is carefully designed for learning manipulations on a single category of objects. We equip ManiSkill with high-quality demonstrations to facilitate learning-from-demonstrations approaches and perform evaluations on common baseline algorithms. We believe ManiSkill can encourage the robot learning community to explore more on learning generalizable object manipulation skills.      
### 41.Single image deep defocus estimation and its applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14443.pdf)
>  The depth information is useful in many image processing applications. However, since taking a picture is a process of projection of a 3D scene onto a 2D imaging sensor, the depth information is embedded in the image. Extracting the depth information from the image is a challenging task. A guiding principle is that the level of blurriness due to defocus is related to the distance between the object and the focal plane. Based on this principle and the widely used assumption that Gaussian blur is a good model for defocus blur, we formulate the problem of estimating the spatially varying defocus blurriness as a Gaussian blur classification problem. We solved the problem by training a deep neural network to classify image patches into one of the 20 levels of blurriness. We have created a dataset of more than 500000 image patches of size 32x32 which are used to train and test several well-known network models. We find that MobileNetV2 is suitable for this application due to its low memory requirement and high accuracy. The trained model is used to determine the patch blurriness which is then refined by applying an iterative weighted guided filter. The result is a defocus map that carries the information of the degree of blurriness for each pixel. We compare the proposed method with state-of-the-art techniques and we demonstrate its successful applications in adaptive image enhancement, defocus magnification, and multi-focus image fusion.      
### 42.PiBase: An IoT-based Security System using Raspberry Pi and Google Firebase  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14325.pdf)
>  Smart environments are environments where digital devices are connected to each other over the Internet and operate in sync. Security is of paramount importance in such environments. This paper addresses aspects of authorized access and intruder detection for smart environments. Proposed is PiBase, an Internet of Things (IoT)-based app that aids in detecting intruders and providing security. The hardware for the application consists of a Raspberry Pi, a PIR motion sensor to detect motion from infrared radiation in the environment, an Android mobile phone and a camera. The software for the application is written in Java, Python and NodeJS. The PIR sensor and Pi camera module connected to the Raspberry Pi aid in detecting human intrusion. Machine learning algorithms, namely Haar-feature based cascade classifiers and Linear Binary Pattern Histograms (LBPH), are used for face detection and face recognition, respectively. The app lets the user create a list of non-intruders and anyone that is not on the list is identified as an intruder. The app alerts the user only in the event of an intrusion by using the Google Firebase Cloud Messaging service to trigger a notification to the app. The user may choose to add the detected intruder to the list of non-intruders through the app to avoid further detections as intruder. Face detection by the Haar Cascade algorithm yields a recall of 94.6%. Thus, the system is both highly effective and relatively low cost.      
### 43.Automatic Multi-Stain Registration of Whole Slide Images in Histopathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.14292.pdf)
>  Joint analysis of multiple biomarker images and tissue morphology is important for disease diagnosis, treatment planning and drug development. It requires cross-staining comparison among Whole Slide Images (WSIs) of immuno-histochemical and hematoxylin and eosin (H&amp;E) microscopic slides. However, automatic, and fast cross-staining alignment of enormous gigapixel WSIs at single-cell precision is challenging. In addition to morphological deformations introduced during slide preparation, there are large variations in cell appearance and tissue morphology across different staining. In this paper, we propose a two-step automatic feature-based cross-staining WSI alignment to assist localization of even tiny metastatic foci in the assessment of lymph node. Image pairs were aligned allowing for translation, rotation, and scaling. The registration was performed automatically by first detecting landmarks in both images, using the scale-invariant image transform (SIFT), followed by the fast sample consensus (FSC) protocol for finding point correspondences and finally aligned the images. The Registration results were evaluated using both visual and quantitative criteria using the Jaccard index. The average Jaccard similarity index of the results produced by the proposed system is 0.942 when compared with the manual registration.      
