# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 4 Apr 2022
### 1.On the Importance of Asymmetry for Siamese Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00613.pdf)
>  Many recent self-supervised frameworks for visual representation learning are based on certain forms of Siamese networks. Such networks are conceptually symmetric with two parallel encoders, but often practically asymmetric as numerous mechanisms are devised to break the symmetry. In this work, we conduct a formal study on the importance of asymmetry by explicitly distinguishing the two encoders within the network -- one produces source encodings and the other targets. Our key insight is keeping a relatively lower variance in target than source generally benefits learning. This is empirically justified by our results from five case studies covering different variance-oriented designs, and is aligned with our preliminary theoretical analysis on the baseline. Moreover, we find the improvements from asymmetric designs generalize well to longer training schedules, multiple other frameworks and newer backbones. Finally, the combined effect of several asymmetric designs achieves a state-of-the-art accuracy on ImageNet linear probing and competitive results on downstream transfer. We hope our exploration will inspire more research in exploiting asymmetry for Siamese representation learning.      
### 2.Quantized GAN for Complex Music Generation from Dance Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00604.pdf)
>  We present Dance2Music-GAN (D2M-GAN), a novel adversarial multi-modal framework that generates complex musical samples conditioned on dance videos. Our proposed framework takes dance video frames and human body motion as input, and learns to generate music samples that plausibly accompany the corresponding input. Unlike most existing conditional music generation works that generate specific types of mono-instrumental sounds using symbolic audio representations (e.g., MIDI), and that heavily rely on pre-defined musical synthesizers, in this work we generate dance music in complex styles (e.g., pop, breakdancing, etc.) by employing a Vector Quantized (VQ) audio representation, and leverage both its generality and the high abstraction capacity of its symbolic and continuous counterparts. By performing an extensive set of experiments on multiple datasets, and following a comprehensive evaluation protocol, we assess the generative quality of our approach against several alternatives. The quantitative results, which measure the music consistency, beats correspondence, and music diversity, clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method. Last but not least, we curate a challenging dance-music dataset of in-the-wild TikTok videos, which we use to further demonstrate the efficacy of our approach in real-world applications - and which we hope to serve as a starting point for relevant future research.      
### 3.Socratic Models: Composing Zero-Shot Multimodal Reasoning with Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00598.pdf)
>  Large foundation models can exhibit unique capabilities depending on the domain of data they are trained on. While these domains are generic, they may only barely overlap. For example, visual-language models (VLMs) are trained on Internet-scale image captions, but large language models (LMs) are further trained on Internet-scale text with no images (e.g. from spreadsheets, to SAT questions). As a result, these models store different forms of commonsense knowledge across different domains. In this work, we show that this model diversity is symbiotic, and can be leveraged to build AI systems with structured Socratic dialogue -- in which new multimodal tasks are formulated as a guided language-based exchange between different pre-existing foundation models, without additional finetuning. In the context of egocentric perception, we present a case study of Socratic Models (SMs) that can provide meaningful results for complex tasks such as generating free-form answers to contextual questions about egocentric video, by formulating video Q&amp;A as short story Q&amp;A, i.e. summarizing the video into a short story, then answering questions about it. Additionally, SMs can generate captions for Internet images, and are competitive with state-of-the-art on zero-shot video-to-text retrieval with 42.8 R@1 on MSR-VTT 1k-A. SMs demonstrate how to compose foundation models zero-shot to capture new multimodal functionalities, without domain-specific data collection. Prototypes are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://socraticmodels.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 4.Fast and Automatic Object Registration for Human-Robot Collaboration in Industrial Manufacturing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00597.pdf)
>  We present an end-to-end framework for fast retraining of object detection models in human-robot-collaboration. Our Faster R-CNN based setup covers the whole workflow of automatic image generation and labeling, model retraining on-site as well as inference on a FPGA edge device. The intervention of a human operator reduces to providing the new object together with its label and starting the training process. Moreover, we present a new loss, the intraspread-objectosphere loss, to tackle the problem of open world recognition. Though it fails to completely solve the problem, it significantly reduces the number of false positive detections of unknown objects.      
### 5.DFNet: Enhance Absolute Pose Regression with Direct Feature Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00559.pdf)
>  We introduce a camera relocalization pipeline that combines absolute pose regression (APR) and direct feature matching. Existing photometric-based methods have trouble on scenes with large photometric distortions, e.g. outdoor environments. By incorporating an exposure-adaptive novel view synthesis, our methods can successfully address the challenges. Moreover, by introducing domain-invariant feature matching, our solution can improve pose regression accuracy while using semi-supervised learning on unlabeled data. In particular, the pipeline consists of two components, Novel View Synthesizer and FeatureNet (DFNet). The former synthesizes novel views compensating for changes in exposure and the latter regresses camera poses and extracts robust features that bridge the domain gap between real images and synthetic ones. We show that domain invariant feature matching effectively enhances camera pose estimation both in indoor and outdoor scenes. Hence, our method achieves a state-of-the-art accuracy by outperforming existing single-image APR methods by as much as 56%, comparable to 3D structure-based methods.      
### 6.FrequencyLowCut Pooling -- Plug &amp; Play against Catastrophic Overfitting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00491.pdf)
>  Over the last years, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been the dominating neural architecture in a wide range of computer vision tasks. From an image and signal processing point of view, this success might be a bit surprising as the inherent spatial pyramid design of most CNNs is apparently violating basic signal processing laws, i.e. Sampling Theorem in their down-sampling operations. However, since poor sampling appeared not to affect model accuracy, this issue has been broadly neglected until model robustness started to receive more attention. Recent work [17] in the context of adversarial attacks and distribution shifts, showed after all, that there is a strong correlation between the vulnerability of CNNs and aliasing artifacts induced by poor down-sampling operations. This paper builds on these findings and introduces an aliasing free down-sampling operation which can easily be plugged into any CNN architecture: FrequencyLowCut pooling. Our experiments show, that in combination with simple and fast FGSM adversarial training, our hyper-parameter free operator significantly improves model robustness and avoids catastrophic overfitting.      
### 7.Generic Event Boundary Captioning: A Benchmark for Status Changes Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00486.pdf)
>  Cognitive science has shown that humans perceive videos in terms of events separated by state changes of dominant subjects. State changes trigger new events and are one of the most useful among the large amount of redundant information perceived. However, previous research focuses on the overall understanding of segments without evaluating the fine-grained status changes inside. In this paper, we introduce a new dataset called Kinetic-GEBC (Generic Event Boundary Captioning). The dataset consists of over 170k boundaries associated with captions describing status changes in the generic events in 12K videos. Upon this new dataset, we propose three tasks supporting the development of a more fine-grained, robust, and human-like understanding of videos through status changes. We evaluate many representative baselines in our dataset, where we also design a new TPD (Temporal-based Pairwise Difference) Modeling method for current state-of-the-art backbones and achieve significant performance improvements. Besides, the results show there are still formidable challenges for current methods in the utilization of different granularities, representation of visual difference, and the accurate localization of status changes. Further analysis shows that our dataset can drive developing more powerful methods to understand status changes and thus improve video level comprehension.      
### 8.Proper Reuse of Image Classification Features Improves Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00484.pdf)
>  A common practice in transfer learning is to initialize the downstream model weights by pre-training on a data-abundant upstream task. In object detection specifically, the feature backbone is typically initialized with Imagenet classifier weights and fine-tuned on the object detection task. Recent works show this is not strictly necessary under longer training regimes and provide recipes for training the backbone from scratch. We investigate the opposite direction of this end-to-end training trend: we show that an extreme form of knowledge preservation -- freezing the classifier-initialized backbone -- consistently improves many different detection models, and leads to considerable resource savings. We hypothesize and corroborate experimentally that the remaining detector components capacity and structure is a crucial factor in leveraging the frozen backbone. Immediate applications of our findings include performance improvements on hard cases like detection of long-tail object classes and computational and memory resource savings that contribute to making the field more accessible to researchers with access to fewer computational resources.      
### 9.Autonomous crater detection on asteroids using a fully-convolutional neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00477.pdf)
>  This paper shows the application of autonomous Crater Detection using the U-Net, a Fully-Convolutional Neural Network, on Ceres. The U-Net is trained on optical images of the Moon Global Morphology Mosaic based on data collected by the LRO and manual crater catalogues. The Moon-trained network will be tested on Dawn optical images of Ceres: this task is accomplished by means of a Transfer Learning (TL) approach. The trained model has been fine-tuned using 100, 500 and 1000 additional images of Ceres. The test performance was measured on 350 never before seen images, reaching a testing accuracy of 96.24%, 96.95% and 97.19%, respectively. This means that despite the intrinsic differences between the Moon and Ceres, TL works with encouraging results. The output of the U-Net contains predicted craters: it will be post-processed applying global thresholding for image binarization and a template matching algorithm to extract craters positions and radii in the pixel space. Post-processed craters will be counted and compared to the ground truth data in order to compute image segmentation metrics: precision, recall and F1 score. These indices will be computed, and their effect will be discussed for tasks such as automated crater cataloguing and optical navigation.      
### 10.Vision Transformer with Cross-attention by Temporal Shift for Efficient Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00452.pdf)
>  We propose Multi-head Self/Cross-Attention (MSCA), which introduces a temporal cross-attention mechanism for action recognition, based on the structure of the Multi-head Self-Attention (MSA) mechanism of the Vision Transformer (ViT). Simply applying ViT to each frame of a video frame can capture frame features, but cannot model temporal features. However, simply modeling temporal information with CNN or Transfomer is computationally expensive. TSM that perform feature shifting assume a CNN and cannot take advantage of the ViT structure. The proposed model captures temporal information by shifting the Query, Key, and Value in the calculation of MSA of ViT. This is efficient without additional coinformationmputational effort and is a suitable structure for extending ViT over temporal. Experiments on Kineitcs400 show the effectiveness of the proposed method and its superiority over previous methods.      
### 11.Marginal Contrastive Correspondence for Guided Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00442.pdf)
>  Exemplar-based image translation establishes dense correspondences between a conditional input and an exemplar (from two different domains) for leveraging detailed exemplar styles to achieve realistic image translation. Existing work builds the cross-domain correspondences implicitly by minimizing feature-wise distances across the two domains. Without explicit exploitation of domain-invariant features, this approach may not reduce the domain gap effectively which often leads to sub-optimal correspondences and image translation. We design a Marginal Contrastive Learning Network (MCL-Net) that explores contrastive learning to learn domain-invariant features for realistic exemplar-based image translation. Specifically, we design an innovative marginal contrastive loss that guides to establish dense correspondences explicitly. Nevertheless, building correspondence with domain-invariant semantics alone may impair the texture patterns and lead to degraded texture generation. We thus design a Self-Correlation Map (SCM) that incorporates scene structures as auxiliary information which improves the built correspondences substantially. Quantitative and qualitative experiments on multifarious image translation tasks show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art consistently.      
### 12.A Fast and Efficient Conditional Learning for Tunable Trade-Off between Accuracy and Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00426.pdf)
>  Existing models that achieve state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance on both clean and adversarially-perturbed images rely on convolution operations conditioned with feature-wise linear modulation (FiLM) layers. These layers require many new parameters and are hyperparameter sensitive. They significantly increase training time, memory cost, and potential latency which can prove costly for resource-limited or real-time applications. In this paper, we present a fast learnable once-for-all adversarial training (FLOAT) algorithm, which instead of the existing FiLM-based conditioning, presents a unique weight conditioned learning that requires no additional layer, thereby incurring no significant increase in parameter count, training time, or network latency compared to standard adversarial training. In particular, we add configurable scaled noise to the weight tensors that enables a trade-off between clean and adversarial performance. Extensive experiments show that FLOAT can yield SOTA performance improving both clean and perturbed image classification by up to ~6% and ~10%, respectively. Moreover, real hardware measurement shows that FLOAT can reduce the training time by up to 1.43x with fewer model parameters of up to 1.47x on iso-hyperparameter settings compared to the FiLM-based alternatives. Additionally, to further improve memory efficiency we introduce FLOAT sparse (FLOATS), a form of non-iterative model pruning and provide detailed empirical analysis to provide a three way accuracy-robustness-complexity trade-off for these new class of pruned conditionally trained models.      
### 13.Autoencoder for Synthetic to Real Generalization: From Simple to More Complex Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00386.pdf)
>  Learning on synthetic data and transferring the resulting properties to their real counterparts is an important challenge for reducing costs and increasing safety in machine learning. In this work, we focus on autoencoder architectures and aim at learning latent space representations that are invariant to inductive biases caused by the domain shift between simulated and real images showing the same scenario. We train on synthetic images only, present approaches to increase generalizability and improve the preservation of the semantics to real datasets of increasing visual complexity. We show that pre-trained feature extractors (e.g. VGG) can be sufficient for generalization on images of lower complexity, but additional improvements are required for visually more complex scenes. To this end, we demonstrate a new sampling technique, which matches semantically important parts of the image, while randomizing the other parts, leads to salient feature extraction and a neglection of unimportant parts. This helps the generalization to real data and we further show that our approach outperforms fine-tuned classification models.      
### 14.Weakly Supervised Regional and Temporal Learning for Facial Action Unit Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00379.pdf)
>  Automatic facial action unit (AU) recognition is a challenging task due to the scarcity of manual annotations. To alleviate this problem, a large amount of efforts has been dedicated to exploiting various weakly supervised methods which leverage numerous unlabeled data. However, many aspects with regard to some unique properties of AUs, such as the regional and relational characteristics, are not sufficiently explored in previous works. Motivated by this, we take the AU properties into consideration and propose two auxiliary AU related tasks to bridge the gap between limited annotations and the model performance in a self-supervised manner via the unlabeled data. Specifically, to enhance the discrimination of regional features with AU relation embedding, we design a task of RoI inpainting to recover the randomly cropped AU patches. Meanwhile, a single image based optical flow estimation task is proposed to leverage the dynamic change of facial muscles and encode the motion information into the global feature representation. Based on these two self-supervised auxiliary tasks, local features, mutual relation and motion cues of AUs are better captured in the backbone network. Furthermore, by incorporating semi-supervised learning, we propose an end-to-end trainable framework named weakly supervised regional and temporal learning (WSRTL) for AU recognition. Extensive experiments on BP4D and DISFA demonstrate the superiority of our method and new state-of-the-art performances are achieved.      
### 15.Few-shot One-class Domain Adaptation Based on Frequency for Iris Presentation Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00376.pdf)
>  Iris presentation attack detection (PAD) has achieved remarkable success to ensure the reliability and security of iris recognition systems. Most existing methods exploit discriminative features in the spatial domain and report outstanding performance under intra-dataset settings. However, the degradation of performance is inevitable under cross-dataset settings, suffering from domain shift. In consideration of real-world applications, a small number of bonafide samples are easily accessible. We thus define a new domain adaptation setting called Few-shot One-class Domain Adaptation (FODA), where adaptation only relies on a limited number of target bonafide samples. To address this problem, we propose a novel FODA framework based on the expressive power of frequency information. Specifically, our method integrates frequency-related information through two proposed modules. Frequency-based Attention Module (FAM) aggregates frequency information into spatial attention and explicitly emphasizes high-frequency fine-grained features. Frequency Mixing Module (FMM) mixes certain frequency components to generate large-scale target-style samples for adaptation with limited target bonafide samples. Extensive experiments on LivDet-Iris 2017 dataset demonstrate the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art or competitive performance under both cross-dataset and intra-dataset settings.      
### 16.RMS-FlowNet: Efficient and Robust Multi-Scale Scene Flow Estimation for Large-Scale Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00354.pdf)
>  The proposed RMS-FlowNet is a novel end-to-end learning-based architecture for accurate and efficient scene flow estimation which can operate on point clouds of high density. For hierarchical scene flow estimation, the existing methods depend on either expensive Farthest-Point-Sampling (FPS) or structure-based scaling which decrease their ability to handle a large number of points. Unlike these methods, we base our fully supervised architecture on Random-Sampling (RS) for multiscale scene flow prediction. To this end, we propose a novel flow embedding design which can predict more robust scene flow in conjunction with RS. Exhibiting high accuracy, our RMS-FlowNet provides a faster prediction than state-of-the-art methods and works efficiently on consecutive dense point clouds of more than 250K points at once. Our comprehensive experiments verify the accuracy of RMS-FlowNet on the established FlyingThings3D data set with different point cloud densities and validate our design choices. Additionally, we show that our model presents a competitive ability to generalize towards the real-world scenes of KITTI data set without fine-tuning.      
### 17.DIP: Deep Inverse Patchmatch for High-Resolution Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00330.pdf)
>  Recently, the dense correlation volume method achieves state-of-the-art performance in optical flow. However, the correlation volume computation requires a lot of memory, which makes prediction difficult on high-resolution images. In this paper, we propose a novel Patchmatch-based framework to work on high-resolution optical flow estimation. Specifically, we introduce the first end-to-end Patchmatch based deep learning optical flow. It can get high-precision results with lower memory benefiting from propagation and local search of Patchmatch. Furthermore, a new inverse propagation is proposed to decouple the complex operations of propagation, which can significantly reduce calculations in multiple iterations. At the time of submission, our method ranks first on all the metrics on the popular KITTI2015 benchmark, and ranks second on EPE on the Sintel clean benchmark among published optical flow methods. Experiment shows our method has a strong cross-dataset generalization ability that the F1-all achieves 13.73%, reducing 21% from the best published result 17.4% on KITTI2015. What's more, our method shows a good details preserving result on the high-resolution dataset DAVIS and consumes 2x less memory than RAFT.      
### 18.CAT-Det: Contrastively Augmented Transformer for Multi-modal 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00325.pdf)
>  In autonomous driving, LiDAR point-clouds and RGB images are two major data modalities with complementary cues for 3D object detection. However, it is quite difficult to sufficiently use them, due to large inter-modal discrepancies. To address this issue, we propose a novel framework, namely Contrastively Augmented Transformer for multi-modal 3D object Detection (CAT-Det). Specifically, CAT-Det adopts a two-stream structure consisting of a Pointformer (PT) branch, an Imageformer (IT) branch along with a Cross-Modal Transformer (CMT) module. PT, IT and CMT jointly encode intra-modal and inter-modal long-range contexts for representing an object, thus fully exploring multi-modal information for detection. Furthermore, we propose an effective One-way Multi-modal Data Augmentation (OMDA) approach via hierarchical contrastive learning at both the point and object levels, significantly improving the accuracy only by augmenting point-clouds, which is free from complex generation of paired samples of the two modalities. Extensive experiments on the KITTI benchmark show that CAT-Det achieves a new state-of-the-art, highlighting its effectiveness.      
### 19.Unimodal-Concentrated Loss: Fully Adaptive Label Distribution Learning for Ordinal Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00309.pdf)
>  Learning from a label distribution has achieved promising results on ordinal regression tasks such as facial age and head pose estimation wherein, the concept of adaptive label distribution learning (ALDL) has drawn lots of attention recently for its superiority in theory. However, compared with the methods assuming fixed form label distribution, ALDL methods have not achieved better performance. We argue that existing ALDL algorithms do not fully exploit the intrinsic properties of ordinal regression. In this paper, we emphatically summarize that learning an adaptive label distribution on ordinal regression tasks should follow three principles. First, the probability corresponding to the ground-truth should be the highest in label distribution. Second, the probabilities of neighboring labels should decrease with the increase of distance away from the ground-truth, i.e., the distribution is unimodal. Third, the label distribution should vary with samples changing, and even be distinct for different instances with the same label, due to the different levels of difficulty and ambiguity. Under the premise of these principles, we propose a novel loss function for fully adaptive label distribution learning, namely unimodal-concentrated loss. Specifically, the unimodal loss derived from the learning to rank strategy constrains the distribution to be unimodal. Furthermore, the estimation error and the variance of the predicted distribution for a specific sample are integrated into the proposed concentrated loss to make the predicted distribution maximize at the ground-truth and vary according to the predicting uncertainty. Extensive experimental results on typical ordinal regression tasks including age and head pose estimation, show the superiority of our proposed unimodal-concentrated loss compared with existing loss functions.      
### 20.Face identification by means of a neural net classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00305.pdf)
>  This paper describes a novel face identification method that combines the eigenfaces theory with the Neural Nets. We use the eigenfaces methodology in order to reduce the dimensionality of the input image, and a neural net classifier that performs the identification process. The method presented recognizes faces in the presence of variations in facial expression, facial details and lighting conditions. A recognition rate of more than 87% has been achieved, while the classical method of Turk and Pentland achieves a 75.5%.      
### 21.Unitail: Detecting, Reading, and Matching in Retail Scene  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00298.pdf)
>  To make full use of computer vision technology in stores, it is required to consider the actual needs that fit the characteristics of the retail scene. Pursuing this goal, we introduce the United Retail Datasets (Unitail), a large-scale benchmark of basic visual tasks on products that challenges algorithms for detecting, reading, and matching. With 1.8M quadrilateral-shaped instances annotated, the Unitail offers a detection dataset to align product appearance better. Furthermore, it provides a gallery-style OCR dataset containing 1454 product categories, 30k text regions, and 21k transcriptions to enable robust reading on products and motivate enhanced product matching. Besides benchmarking the datasets using various state-of-the-arts, we customize a new detector for product detection and provide a simple OCR-based matching solution that verifies its effectiveness.      
### 22.GrowliFlower: An image time series dataset for GROWth analysis of cauLIFLOWER  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00294.pdf)
>  This article presents GrowliFlower, a georeferenced, image-based UAV time series dataset of two monitored cauliflower fields of size 0.39 and 0.60 ha acquired in 2020 and 2021. The dataset contains RGB and multispectral orthophotos from which about 14,000 individual plant coordinates are derived and provided. The coordinates enable the dataset users the extraction of complete and incomplete time series of image patches showing individual plants. The dataset contains collected phenotypic traits of 740 plants, including the developmental stage as well as plant and cauliflower size. As the harvestable product is completely covered by leaves, plant IDs and coordinates are provided to extract image pairs of plants pre and post defoliation, to facilitate estimations of cauliflower head size. Moreover, the dataset contains pixel-accurate leaf and plant instance segmentations, as well as stem annotations to address tasks like classification, detection, segmentation, instance segmentation, and similar computer vision tasks. The dataset aims to foster the development and evaluation of machine learning approaches. It specifically focuses on the analysis of growth and development of cauliflower and the derivation of phenotypic traits to foster the development of automation in agriculture. Two baseline results of instance segmentation at plant and leaf level based on the labeled instance segmentation data are presented. The entire data set is publicly available.      
### 23.Selecting task with optimal transport self-supervised learning for few-shot classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00289.pdf)
>  Few-Shot classification aims at solving problems that only a few samples are available in the training process. Due to the lack of samples, researchers generally employ a set of training tasks from other domains to assist the target task, where the distribution between assistant tasks and the target task is usually different. To reduce the distribution gap, several lines of methods have been proposed, such as data augmentation and domain alignment. However, one common drawback of these algorithms is that they ignore the similarity task selection before training. The fundamental problem is to push the auxiliary tasks close to the target task. In this paper, we propose a novel task selecting algorithm, named Optimal Transport Task Selecting (OTTS), to construct a training set by selecting similar tasks for Few-Shot learning. Specifically, the OTTS measures the task similarity by calculating the optimal transport distance and completes the model training via a self-supervised strategy. By utilizing the selected tasks with OTTS, the training process of Few-Shot learning become more stable and effective. Other proposed methods including data augmentation and domain alignment can be used in the meantime with OTTS. We conduct extensive experiments on a variety of datasets, including MiniImageNet, CIFAR, CUB, Cars, and Places, to evaluate the effectiveness of OTTS. Experimental results validate that our OTTS outperforms the typical baselines, i.e., MAML, matchingnet, protonet, by a large margin (averagely 1.72\% accuracy improvement).      
### 24.ObjectMix: Data Augmentation by Copy-Pasting Objects in Videos for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00239.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a data augmentation method for action recognition using instance segmentation. Although many data augmentation methods have been proposed for image recognition, few methods have been proposed for action recognition. Our proposed method, ObjectMix, extracts each object region from two videos using instance segmentation and combines them to create new videos. Experiments on two action recognition datasets, UCF101 and HMDB51, demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method and show its superiority over VideoMix, a prior work.      
### 25.Online panoptic 3D reconstruction as a Linear Assignment Problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00231.pdf)
>  Real-time holistic scene understanding would allow machines to interpret their surrounding in a much more detailed manner than is currently possible. While panoptic image segmentation methods have brought image segmentation closer to this goal, this information has to be described relative to the 3D environment for the machine to be able to utilise it effectively. In this paper, we investigate methods for sequentially reconstructing static environments from panoptic image segmentations in 3D. We specifically target real-time operation: the algorithm must process data strictly online and be able to run at relatively fast frame rates. Additionally, the method should be scalable for environments large enough for practical applications. By applying a simple but powerful data-association algorithm, we outperform earlier similar works when operating purely online. Our method is also capable of reaching frame-rates high enough for real-time applications and is scalable to larger environments as well. Source code and further demonstrations are released to the public at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://tutvision.github.io/Online-Panoptic-3D/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 26.Perception Prioritized Training of Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00227.pdf)
>  Diffusion models learn to restore noisy data, which is corrupted with different levels of noise, by optimizing the weighted sum of the corresponding loss terms, i.e., denoising score matching loss. In this paper, we show that restoring data corrupted with certain noise levels offers a proper pretext task for the model to learn rich visual concepts. We propose to prioritize such noise levels over other levels during training, by redesigning the weighting scheme of the objective function. We show that our simple redesign of the weighting scheme significantly improves the performance of diffusion models regardless of the datasets, architectures, and sampling strategies.      
### 27.Bridging the Gap between Classification and Localization for Weakly Supervised Object Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00220.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised object localization aims to find a target object region in a given image with only weak supervision, such as image-level labels. Most existing methods use a class activation map (CAM) to generate a localization map; however, a CAM identifies only the most discriminative parts of a target object rather than the entire object region. In this work, we find the gap between classification and localization in terms of the misalignment of the directions between an input feature and a class-specific weight. We demonstrate that the misalignment suppresses the activation of CAM in areas that are less discriminative but belong to the target object. To bridge the gap, we propose a method to align feature directions with a class-specific weight. The proposed method achieves a state-of-the-art localization performance on the CUB-200-2011 and ImageNet-1K benchmarks.      
### 28.Dynamic Supervisor for Cross-dataset Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00183.pdf)
>  The application of cross-dataset training in object detection tasks is complicated because the inconsistency in the category range across datasets transforms fully supervised learning into semi-supervised learning. To address this problem, recent studies focus on the generation of high-quality missing annotations. In this study, we first point out that it is not enough to generate high-quality annotations using a single model, which only looks once for annotations. Through detailed experimental analyses, we further conclude that hard-label training is conducive to generating high-recall annotations, while soft-label training tends to obtain high-precision annotations. Inspired by the aspects mentioned above, we propose a dynamic supervisor framework that updates the annotations multiple times through multiple-updated submodels trained using hard and soft labels. In the final generated annotations, both recall and precision improve significantly through the integration of hard-label training with soft-label training. Extensive experiments conducted on various dataset combination settings support our analyses and demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed dynamic supervisor.      
### 29.GraftNet: Towards Domain Generalized Stereo Matching with a Broad-Spectrum and Task-Oriented Feature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00179.pdf)
>  Although supervised deep stereo matching networks have made impressive achievements, the poor generalization ability caused by the domain gap prevents them from being applied to real-life scenarios. In this paper, we propose to leverage the feature of a model trained on large-scale datasets to deal with the domain shift since it has seen various styles of images. With the cosine similarity based cost volume as a bridge, the feature will be grafted to an ordinary cost aggregation module. Despite the broad-spectrum representation, such a low-level feature contains much general information which is not aimed at stereo matching. To recover more task-specific information, the grafted feature is further input into a shallow network to be transformed before calculating the cost. Extensive experiments show that the model generalization ability can be improved significantly with this broad-spectrum and task-oriented feature. Specifically, based on two well-known architectures PSMNet and GANet, our methods are superior to other robust algorithms when transferring from SceneFlow to KITTI 2015, KITTI 2012, and Middlebury. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SpadeLiu/Graft-PSMNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.A Unified Framework for Domain Adaptive Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00172.pdf)
>  While pose estimation is an important computer vision task, it requires expensive annotation and suffers from domain shift. In this paper, we investigate the problem of domain adaptive 2D pose estimation that transfers knowledge learned on a synthetic source domain to a target domain without supervision. While several domain adaptive pose estimation models have been proposed recently, they are not generic but only focus on either human pose or animal pose estimation, and thus their effectiveness is somewhat limited to specific scenarios. In this work, we propose a unified framework that generalizes well on various domain adaptive pose estimation problems. We propose to align representations using both input-level and output-level cues (pixels and pose labels, respectively), which facilitates the knowledge transfer from the source domain to the unlabeled target domain. Our experiments show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance under various domain shifts. Our method outperforms existing baselines on human pose estimation by up to 4.5 percent points (pp), hand pose estimation by up to 7.4 pp, and animal pose estimation by up to 4.8 pp for dogs and 3.3 pp for sheep. These results suggest that our method is able to mitigate domain shift on diverse tasks and even unseen domains and objects (e.g., trained on horse and tested on dog).      
### 31.LASER: LAtent SpacE Rendering for 2D Visual Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00157.pdf)
>  We present LASER, an image-based Monte Carlo Localization (MCL) framework for 2D floor maps. LASER introduces the concept of latent space rendering, where 2D pose hypotheses on the floor map are directly rendered into a geometrically-structured latent space by aggregating viewing ray features. Through a tightly coupled rendering codebook scheme, the viewing ray features are dynamically determined at rendering-time based on their geometries (i.e. length, incident-angle), endowing our representation with view-dependent fine-grain variability. Our codebook scheme effectively disentangles feature encoding from rendering, allowing the latent space rendering to run at speeds above 10KHz. Moreover, through metric learning, our geometrically-structured latent space is common to both pose hypotheses and query images with arbitrary field of views. As a result, LASER achieves state-of-the-art performance on large-scale indoor localization datasets (i.e. ZInD and Structured3D) for both panorama and perspective image queries, while significantly outperforming existing learning-based methods in speed.      
### 32.Stereo Unstructured Magnification: Multiple Homography Image for View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00156.pdf)
>  This paper studies the problem of view synthesis with certain amount of rotations from a pair of images, what we called stereo unstructured magnification. While the multi-plane image representation is well suited for view synthesis with depth invariant, how to generalize it to unstructured views remains a significant challenge. This is primarily due to the depth-dependency caused by camera frontal parallel representation. Here we propose a novel multiple homography image (MHI) representation, comprising of a set of scene planes with fixed normals and distances. A two-stage network is developed for novel view synthesis. Stage-1 is an MHI reconstruction module that predicts the MHIs and composites layered multi-normal images along the normal direction. Stage-2 is a normal-blending module to find blending weights. We also derive an angle-based cost to guide the blending of multi-normal images by exploiting per-normal geometry. Compared with the state-of-the-art methods, our method achieves superior performance for view synthesis qualitatively and quantitatively, especially for cases when the cameras undergo rotations.      
### 33.An End-to-end Supervised Domain Adaptation Framework for Cross-Domain Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00154.pdf)
>  Existing deep learning-based change detection methods try to elaborately design complicated neural networks with powerful feature representations, but ignore the universal domain shift induced by time-varying land cover changes, including luminance fluctuations and season changes between pre-event and post-event images, thereby producing sub-optimal results. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end Supervised Domain Adaptation framework for cross-domain Change Detection, namely SDACD, to effectively alleviate the domain shift between bi-temporal images for better change predictions. Specifically, our SDACD presents collaborative adaptations from both image and feature perspectives with supervised learning. Image adaptation exploits generative adversarial learning with cycle-consistency constraints to perform cross-domain style transformation, effectively narrowing the domain gap in a two-side generation fashion. As to feature adaptation, we extract domain-invariant features to align different feature distributions in the feature space, which could further reduce the domain gap of cross-domain images. To further improve the performance, we combine three types of bi-temporal images for the final change prediction, including the initial input bi-temporal images and two generated bi-temporal images from the pre-event and post-event domains. Extensive experiments and analyses on two benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness and universality of our proposed framework. Notably, our framework pushes several representative baseline models up to new State-Of-The-Art records, achieving 97.34% and 92.36% on the CDD and WHU building datasets, respectively. The source code and models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Perfect-You/SDACD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Semi-Weakly Supervised Object Detection by Sampling Pseudo Ground-Truth Boxes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00147.pdf)
>  Semi- and weakly-supervised learning have recently attracted considerable attention in the object detection literature since they can alleviate the cost of annotation needed to successfully train deep learning models. State-of-art approaches for semi-supervised learning rely on student-teacher models trained using a multi-stage process, and considerable data augmentation. Custom networks have been developed for the weakly-supervised setting, making it difficult to adapt to different detectors. In this paper, a weakly semi-supervised training method is introduced that reduces these training challenges, yet achieves state-of-the-art performance by leveraging only a small fraction of fully-labeled images with information in weakly-labeled images. In particular, our generic sampling-based learning strategy produces pseudo-ground-truth (GT) bounding box annotations in an online fashion, eliminating the need for multi-stage training, and student-teacher network configurations. These pseudo GT boxes are sampled from weakly-labeled images based on the categorical score of object proposals accumulated via a score propagation process. Empirical results on the Pascal VOC dataset, indicate that the proposed approach improves performance by 5.0% when using VOC 2007 as fully-labeled, and VOC 2012 as weak-labeled data. Also, with 5-10% fully annotated images, we observed an improvement of more than 10% in mAP, showing that a modest investment in image-level annotation, can substantially improve detection performance.      
### 35.Real-Time and Robust 3D Object Detection Within Road-Side LiDARs Using Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00132.pdf)
>  This work aims to address the challenges in domain adaptation of 3D object detection using infrastructure LiDARs. We design a model DASE-ProPillars that can detect vehicles in infrastructure-based LiDARs in real-time. Our model uses PointPillars as the baseline model with additional modules to improve the 3D detection performance. To prove the effectiveness of our proposed modules in DASE-ProPillars, we train and evaluate the model on two datasets, the open source A9-Dataset and a semi-synthetic infrastructure dataset created within the Regensburg Next project. We do several sets of experiments for each module in the DASE-ProPillars detector that show that our model outperforms the SE-ProPillars baseline on the real A9 test set and a semi-synthetic A9 test set, while maintaining an inference speed of 45 Hz (22 ms). We apply domain adaptation from the semi-synthetic A9-Dataset to the semi-synthetic dataset from the Regensburg Next project by applying transfer learning and achieve a 3D mAP@0.25 of 93.49% on the Car class of the target test set using 40 recall positions.      
### 36.GALA: Toward Geometry-and-Lighting-Aware Object Search for Compositing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00125.pdf)
>  Compositing-aware object search aims to find the most compatible objects for compositing given a background image and a query bounding box. Previous works focus on learning compatibility between the foreground object and background, but fail to learn other important factors from large-scale data, i.e. geometry and lighting. To move a step further, this paper proposes GALA (Geometry-and-Lighting-Aware), a generic foreground object search method with discriminative modeling on geometry and lighting compatibility for open-world image compositing. Remarkably, it achieves state-of-the-art results on the CAIS dataset and generalizes well on large-scale open-world datasets, i.e. Pixabay and Open Images. In addition, our method can effectively handle non-box scenarios, where users only provide background images without any input bounding box. A web demo (see supplementary materials) is built to showcase applications of the proposed method for compositing-aware search and automatic location/scale prediction for the foreground object.      
### 37.A Survey of Robust 3D Object Detection Methods in Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00106.pdf)
>  The purpose of this work is to review the state-of-the-art LiDAR-based 3D object detection methods, datasets, and challenges. We describe novel data augmentation methods, sampling strategies, activation functions, attention mechanisms, and regularization methods. Furthermore, we list recently introduced normalization methods, learning rate schedules and loss functions. Moreover, we also cover advantages and limitations of 10 novel autonomous driving datasets. We evaluate novel 3D object detectors on the KITTI, nuScenes, and Waymo dataset and show their accuracy, speed, and robustness. Finally, we mention the current challenges in 3D object detection in LiDAR point clouds and list some open issues.      
### 38.Dynamic Multimodal Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00102.pdf)
>  Deep multimodal learning has achieved great progress in recent years. However, current fusion approaches are static in nature, i.e., they process and fuse multimodal inputs with identical computation, without accounting for diverse computational demands of different multimodal data. In this work, we propose dynamic multimodal fusion (DynMM), a new approach that adaptively fuses multimodal data and generates data-dependent forward paths during inference. DynMM can reduce redundant computations for "easy" multimodal inputs (that can be predicted correctly using only one modality or simple fusion techniques) and retain representation power for "hard" samples by adopting all modalities and complex fusion operations for prediction. Results on various multimodal tasks demonstrate the efficiency and wide applicability of our approach. For instance, DynMM can reduce the computation cost by 46.5% with a negligible accuracy loss on CMU-MOSEI sentiment analysis. For RGB-D semantic segmentation on NYU Depth data, DynMM achieves a +0.7% mIoU improvement with over 21% reductions for the depth encoder when compared with strong baselines. We believe this opens a novel direction towards dynamic multimodal network design, with applications to a wide range of multimodal tasks.      
### 39.TransGeo: Transformer Is All You Need for Cross-view Image Geo-localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00097.pdf)
>  The dominant CNN-based methods for cross-view image geo-localization rely on polar transform and fail to model global correlation. We propose a pure transformer-based approach (TransGeo) to address these limitations from a different perspective. TransGeo takes full advantage of the strengths of transformer related to global information modeling and explicit position information encoding. We further leverage the flexibility of transformer input and propose an attention-guided non-uniform cropping method, so that uninformative image patches are removed with negligible drop on performance to reduce computation cost. The saved computation can be reallocated to increase resolution only for informative patches, resulting in performance improvement with no additional computation cost. This "attend and zoom-in" strategy is highly similar to human behavior when observing images. Remarkably, TransGeo achieves state-of-the-art results on both urban and rural datasets, with significantly less computation cost than CNN-based methods. It does not rely on polar transform and infers faster than CNN-based methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jeff-Zilence/TransGeo2022" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.4Weed Dataset: Annotated Imagery Weeds Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00080.pdf)
>  Weeds are a major threat to crops and are responsible for reducing crop yield worldwide. To mitigate their negative effect, it is advantageous to accurately identify them early in the season to prevent their spread throughout the field. Traditionally, farmers rely on manually scouting fields and applying herbicides for different weeds. However, it is easy to confuse between crops with weeds during the early growth stages. Recently, deep learning-based weed identification has become popular as deep learning relies on convolutional neural networks that are capable of learning important distinguishable features between weeds and crops. However, training robust deep learning models requires access to large imagery datasets. Therefore, an early-season weeds dataset was acquired under field conditions. The dataset consists of 159 Cocklebur images, 139 Foxtail images, 170 Redroot Pigweed images and 150 Giant Ragweed images corresponding to four common weed species found in corn and soybean production systems.. Bounding box annotations were created for each image to prepare the dataset for training both image classification and object detection deep learning networks capable of accurately locating and identifying weeds within corn and soybean fields. (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://osf.io/w9v3j/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>)      
### 41.Digitizing Historical Balance Sheet Data: A Practitioner's Guide  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00052.pdf)
>  This paper discusses how to successfully digitize large-scale historical micro-data by augmenting optical character recognition (OCR) engines with pre- and post-processing methods. Although OCR software has improved dramatically in recent years due to improvements in machine learning, off-the-shelf OCR applications still present high error rates which limits their applications for accurate extraction of structured information. Complementing OCR with additional methods can however dramatically increase its success rate, making it a powerful and cost-efficient tool for economic historians. This paper showcases these methods and explains why they are useful. We apply them against two large balance sheet datasets and introduce "quipucamayoc", a Python package containing these methods in a unified framework.      
### 42.Ball 3D localization from a single calibrated image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00003.pdf)
>  Ball 3D localization in team sports has various applications including automatic offside detection in soccer, or shot release localization in basketball. Today, this task is either resolved by using expensive multi-views setups, or by restricting the analysis to ballistic trajectories. In this work, we propose to address the task on a single image from a calibrated monocular camera by estimating ball diameter in pixels and use the knowledge of real ball diameter in meters. This approach is suitable for any game situation where the ball is (even partly) visible. To achieve this, we use a small neural network trained on image patches around candidates generated by a conventional ball detector. Besides predicting ball diameter, our network outputs the confidence of having a ball in the image patch. Validations on 3 basketball datasets reveals that our model gives remarkable predictions on ball 3D localization. In addition, through its confidence output, our model improves the detection rate by filtering the candidates produced by the detector. The contributions of this work are (i) the first model to address 3D ball localization on a single image, (ii) an effective method for ball 3D annotation from single calibrated images, (iii) a high quality 3D ball evaluation dataset annotated from a single viewpoint. In addition, the code to reproduce this research is be made freely available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gabriel-vanzandycke/deepsport" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.Simplicial Embeddings in Self-Supervised Learning and Downstream Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00616.pdf)
>  We introduce Simplicial Embeddings (SEMs) as a way to constrain the encoded representations of a self-supervised model to $L$ simplices of $V$ dimensions each using a Softmax operation. This procedure imposes a structure on the representations that reduce their expressivity for training downstream classifiers, which helps them generalize better. Specifically, we show that the temperature $\tau$ of the Softmax operation controls for the SEM representation's expressivity, allowing us to derive a tighter downstream classifier generalization bound than that for classifiers using unnormalized representations. We empirically demonstrate that SEMs considerably improve generalization on natural image datasets such as CIFAR-100 and ImageNet. Finally, we also present evidence of the emergence of semantically relevant features in SEMs, a pattern that is absent from baseline self-supervised models.      
### 44.Connect, Not Collapse: Explaining Contrastive Learning for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00570.pdf)
>  We consider unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA), where labeled data from a source domain (e.g., photographs) and unlabeled data from a target domain (e.g., sketches) are used to learn a classifier for the target domain. Conventional UDA methods (e.g., domain adversarial training) learn domain-invariant features to improve generalization to the target domain. In this paper, we show that contrastive pre-training, which learns features on unlabeled source and target data and then fine-tunes on labeled source data, is competitive with strong UDA methods. However, we find that contrastive pre-training does not learn domain-invariant features, diverging from conventional UDA intuitions. We show theoretically that contrastive pre-training can learn features that vary subtantially across domains but still generalize to the target domain, by disentangling domain and class information. Our results suggest that domain invariance is not necessary for UDA. We empirically validate our theory on benchmark vision datasets.      
### 45.Comparison of convolutional neural networks for cloudy optical images reconstruction from single or multitemporal joint SAR and optical images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00424.pdf)
>  With the increasing availability of optical and synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images thanks to the Sentinel constellation, and the explosion of deep learning, new methods have emerged in recent years to tackle the reconstruction of optical images that are impacted by clouds. In this paper, we focus on the evaluation of convolutional neural networks that use jointly SAR and optical images to retrieve the missing contents in one single polluted optical image. We propose a simple framework that ease the creation of datasets for the training of deep nets targeting optical image reconstruction, and for the validation of machine learning based or deterministic approaches. These methods are quite different in terms of input images constraints, and comparing them is a problematic task not addressed in the literature. We show how space partitioning data structures help to query samples in terms of cloud coverage, relative acquisition date, pixel validity and relative proximity between SAR and optical images. We generate several datasets to compare the reconstructed images from networks that use a single pair of SAR and optical image, versus networks that use multiple pairs, and a traditional deterministic approach performing interpolation in temporal domain.      
### 46.Autoencoder Attractors for Uncertainty Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00382.pdf)
>  The reliability assessment of a machine learning model's prediction is an important quantity for the deployment in safety critical applications. Not only can it be used to detect novel sceneries, either as out-of-distribution or anomaly sample, but it also helps to determine deficiencies in the training data distribution. A lot of promising research directions have either proposed traditional methods like Gaussian processes or extended deep learning based approaches, for example, by interpreting them from a Bayesian point of view. In this work we propose a novel approach for uncertainty estimation based on autoencoder models: The recursive application of a previously trained autoencoder model can be interpreted as a dynamical system storing training examples as attractors. While input images close to known samples will converge to the same or similar attractor, input samples containing unknown features are unstable and converge to different training samples by potentially removing or changing characteristic features. The use of dropout during training and inference leads to a family of similar dynamical systems, each one being robust on samples close to the training distribution but unstable on new features. Either the model reliably removes these features or the resulting instability can be exploited to detect problematic input samples. We evaluate our approach on several dataset combinations as well as on an industrial application for occupant classification in the vehicle interior for which we additionally release a new synthetic dataset.      
### 47.Learning to Deblur using Light Field Generated and Real Defocus Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00367.pdf)
>  Defocus deblurring is a challenging task due to the spatially varying nature of defocus blur. While deep learning approach shows great promise in solving image restoration problems, defocus deblurring demands accurate training data that consists of all-in-focus and defocus image pairs, which is difficult to collect. Naive two-shot capturing cannot achieve pixel-wise correspondence between the defocused and all-in-focus image pairs. Synthetic aperture of light fields is suggested to be a more reliable way to generate accurate image pairs. However, the defocus blur generated from light field data is different from that of the images captured with a traditional digital camera. In this paper, we propose a novel deep defocus deblurring network that leverages the strength and overcomes the shortcoming of light fields. We first train the network on a light field-generated dataset for its highly accurate image correspondence. Then, we fine-tune the network using feature loss on another dataset collected by the two-shot method to alleviate the differences between the defocus blur exists in the two domains. This strategy is proved to be highly effective and able to achieve the state-of-the-art performance both quantitatively and qualitatively on multiple test sets. Extensive ablation studies have been conducted to analyze the effect of each network module to the final performance.      
### 48.MS-HLMO: Multi-scale Histogram of Local Main Orientation for Remote Sensing Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00260.pdf)
>  Multi-source image registration is challenging due to intensity, rotation, and scale differences among the images. Considering the characteristics and differences of multi-source remote sensing images, a feature-based registration algorithm named Multi-scale Histogram of Local Main Orientation (MS-HLMO) is proposed. Harris corner detection is first adopted to generate feature points. The HLMO feature of each Harris feature point is extracted on a Partial Main Orientation Map (PMOM) with a Generalized Gradient Location and Orientation Histogram-like (GGLOH) feature descriptor, which provides high intensity, rotation, and scale invariance. The feature points are matched through a multi-scale matching strategy. Comprehensive experiments on 17 multi-source remote sensing scenes demonstrate that the proposed MS-HLMO and its simplified version MS-HLMO$^+$ outperform other competitive registration algorithms in terms of effectiveness and generalization.      
### 49.Epipolar Focus Spectrum: A Novel Light Field Representation and Application in Dense-view Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00193.pdf)
>  Existing light field representations, such as epipolar plane image (EPI) and sub-aperture images, do not consider the structural characteristics across the views, so they usually require additional disparity and spatial structure cues for follow-up tasks. Besides, they have difficulties dealing with occlusions or larger disparity scenes. To this end, this paper proposes a novel Epipolar Focus Spectrum (EFS) representation by rearranging the EPI spectrum. Different from the classical EPI representation where an EPI line corresponds to a specific depth, there is a one-to-one mapping from the EFS line to the view. Accordingly, compared to a sparsely-sampled light field, a densely-sampled one with the same field of view (FoV) leads to a more compact distribution of such linear structures in the double-cone-shaped region with the identical opening angle in its corresponding EFS. Hence the EFS representation is invariant to the scene depth. To demonstrate its effectiveness, we develop a trainable EFS-based pipeline for light field reconstruction, where a dense light field can be reconstructed by compensating the "missing EFS lines" given a sparse light field, yielding promising results with cross-view consistency, especially in the presence of severe occlusion and large disparity. Experimental results on both synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate the validity and superiority of the proposed method over SOTA methods.      
### 50.Mutual Scene Synthesis for Mixed Reality Telepresence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00161.pdf)
>  Remote telepresence via next-generation mixed reality platforms can provide higher levels of immersion for computer-mediated communications, allowing participants to engage in a wide spectrum of activities, previously not possible in 2D screen-based communication methods. However, as mixed reality experiences are limited to the local physical surrounding of each user, finding a common virtual ground where users can freely move and interact with each other is challenging. In this paper, we propose a novel mutual scene synthesis method that takes the participants' spaces as input, and generates a virtual synthetic scene that corresponds to the functional features of all participants' local spaces. Our method combines a mutual function optimization module with a deep-learning conditional scene augmentation process to generate a scene mutually and physically accessible to all participants of a mixed reality telepresence scenario. The synthesized scene can hold mutual walkable, sittable and workable functions, all corresponding to physical objects in the users' real environments. We perform experiments using the MatterPort3D dataset and conduct comparative user studies to evaluate the effectiveness of our system. Our results show that our proposed approach can be a promising research direction for facilitating contextualized telepresence systems for next-generation spatial computing platforms.      
### 51.Model Predictive Control for Fluid Human-to-Robot Handovers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00134.pdf)
>  Human-robot handover is a fundamental yet challenging task in human-robot interaction and collaboration. Recently, remarkable progressions have been made in human-to-robot handovers of unknown objects by using learning-based grasp generators. However, how to responsively generate smooth motions to take an object from a human is still an open question. Specifically, planning motions that take human comfort into account is not a part of the human-robot handover process in most prior works. In this paper, we propose to generate smooth motions via an efficient model-predictive control (MPC) framework that integrates perception and complex domain-specific constraints into the optimization problem. We introduce a learning-based grasp reachability model to select candidate grasps which maximize the robot's manipulability, giving it more freedom to satisfy these constraints. Finally, we integrate a neural net force/torque classifier that detects contact events from noisy data. We conducted human-to-robot handover experiments on a diverse set of objects with several users (N=4) and performed a systematic evaluation of each module. The study shows that the users preferred our MPC approach over the baseline system by a large margin. More results and videos are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/nvidia.com/mpc-for-handover" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 52.Perceptual Quality Assessment of UGC Gaming Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00128.pdf)
>  In recent years, with the vigorous development of the video game industry, the proportion of gaming videos on major video websites like YouTube has dramatically increased. However, relatively little research has been done on the automatic quality prediction of gaming videos, especially on those that fall in the category of "User-Generated-Content" (UGC). Since current leading general-purpose Video Quality Assessment (VQA) models do not perform well on this type of gaming videos, we have created a new VQA model specifically designed to succeed on UGC gaming videos, which we call the Gaming Video Quality Predictor (GAME-VQP). GAME-VQP successfully predicts the unique statistical characteristics of gaming videos by drawing upon features designed under modified natural scene statistics models, combined with gaming specific features learned by a Convolution Neural Network. We study the performance of GAME-VQP on a very recent large UGC gaming video database called LIVE-YT-Gaming, and find that it both outperforms other mainstream general VQA models as well as VQA models specifically designed for gaming videos. The new model will be made public after paper being accepted.      
### 53.Tooth Instance Segmentation on Panoramic Dental Radiographs Using U-Nets and Morphological Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00095.pdf)
>  Automatic teeth segmentation in panoramic x-ray images is an important research subject of the image analysis in dentistry. In this study, we propose a post-processing stage to obtain a segmentation map in which the objects in the image are separated, and apply this technique to tooth instance segmentation with U-Net network. The post-processing consists of grayscale morphological and filtering operations, which are applied to the sigmoid output of the network before binarization. A dice overlap score of 95.4 - 0.3% is obtained in overall teeth segmentation. The proposed post-processing stages reduce the mean error of tooth count to 6.15%, whereas the error without post-processing is 26.81%. The performances of both segmentation and tooth counting are the highest in the literature, to our knowledge. Moreover, this is achieved by using a relatively small training dataset, which consists of 105 images. Although the aim in this study is to segment tooth instances, the presented method is applicable to similar problems in other domains, such as separating the cell instances      
### 54.Investigating Top-$k$ White-Box and Transferable Black-box Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00089.pdf)
>  Existing works have identified the limitation of top-$1$ attack success rate (ASR) as a metric to evaluate the attack strength but exclusively investigated it in the white-box setting, while our work extends it to a more practical black-box setting: transferable attack. It is widely reported that stronger I-FGSM transfers worse than simple FGSM, leading to a popular belief that transferability is at odds with the white-box attack strength. Our work challenges this belief with empirical finding that stronger attack actually transfers better for the general top-$k$ ASR indicated by the interest class rank (ICR) after attack. For increasing the attack strength, with an intuitive interpretation of the logit gradient from the geometric perspective, we identify that the weakness of the commonly used losses lie in prioritizing the speed to fool the network instead of maximizing its strength. To this end, we propose a new normalized CE loss that guides the logit to be updated in the direction of implicitly maximizing its rank distance from the ground-truth class. Extensive results in various settings have verified that our proposed new loss is simple yet effective for top-$k$ attack. Code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://bit.ly/3uCiomP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 55.Efficient Maximal Coding Rate Reduction by Variational Forms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00077.pdf)
>  The principle of Maximal Coding Rate Reduction (MCR$^2$) has recently been proposed as a training objective for learning discriminative low-dimensional structures intrinsic to high-dimensional data to allow for more robust training than standard approaches, such as cross-entropy minimization. However, despite the advantages that have been shown for MCR$^2$ training, MCR$^2$ suffers from a significant computational cost due to the need to evaluate and differentiate a significant number of log-determinant terms that grows linearly with the number of classes. By taking advantage of variational forms of spectral functions of a matrix, we reformulate the MCR$^2$ objective to a form that can scale significantly without compromising training accuracy. Experiments in image classification demonstrate that our proposed formulation results in a significant speed up over optimizing the original MCR$^2$ objective directly and often results in higher quality learned representations. Further, our approach may be of independent interest in other models that require computation of log-determinant forms, such as in system identification or normalizing flow models.      
### 56.Automatic Classification of Alzheimer's Disease using brain MRI data and deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00068.pdf)
>  Alzheimer's disease (AD) is one of the most common public health issues the world is facing today. This disease has a high prevalence primarily in the elderly accompanying memory loss and cognitive decline. AD detection is a challenging task which many authors have developed numerous computerized automatic diagnosis systems utilizing neuroimaging and other clinical data. MRI scans provide high-intensity visible features, making these scans the most widely used brain imaging technique. In recent years deep learning has achieved leading success in medical image analysis. But a relatively little investigation has been done to apply deep learning techniques for the brain MRI classification. This paper explores the construction of several deep learning architectures evaluated on brain MRI images and segmented images. The idea behind segmented images investigates the influence of image segmentation step on deep learning classification. The image processing presented a pipeline consisting of pre-processing to enhance the MRI scans and post-processing consisting of a segmentation method for segmenting the brain tissues. The results show that the processed images achieved a better accuracy in the binary classification of AD vs. CN (Cognitively Normal) across four different architectures. ResNet architecture resulted in the highest prediction accuracy amongst the other architectures (90.83% for the original brain images and 93.50% for the processed images).      
### 57.Graph-based Active Learning for Semi-supervised Classification of SAR Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00005.pdf)
>  We present a novel method for classification of Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) data by combining ideas from graph-based learning and neural network methods within an active learning framework. Graph-based methods in machine learning are based on a similarity graph constructed from the data. When the data consists of raw images composed of scenes, extraneous information can make the classification task more difficult. In recent years, neural network methods have been shown to provide a promising framework for extracting patterns from SAR images. These methods, however, require ample training data to avoid overfitting. At the same time, such training data are often unavailable for applications of interest, such as automatic target recognition (ATR) and SAR data. We use a Convolutional Neural Network Variational Autoencoder (CNNVAE) to embed SAR data into a feature space, and then construct a similarity graph from the embedded data and apply graph-based semi-supervised learning techniques. The CNNVAE feature embedding and graph construction requires no labeled data, which reduces overfitting and improves the generalization performance of graph learning at low label rates. Furthermore, the method easily incorporates a human-in-the-loop for active learning in the data-labeling process. We present promising results and compare them to other standard machine learning methods on the Moving and Stationary Target Acquisition and Recognition (MSTAR) dataset for ATR with small amounts of labeled data.      
