# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 29 Apr 2022
### 1.NeurMiPs: Neural Mixture of Planar Experts for View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13696.pdf)
>  We present Neural Mixtures of Planar Experts (NeurMiPs), a novel planar-based scene representation for modeling geometry and appearance. NeurMiPs leverages a collection of local planar experts in 3D space as the scene representation. Each planar expert consists of the parameters of the local rectangular shape representing geometry and a neural radiance field modeling the color and opacity. We render novel views by calculating ray-plane intersections and composite output colors and densities at intersected points to the image. NeurMiPs blends the efficiency of explicit mesh rendering and flexibility of the neural radiance field. Experiments demonstrate superior performance and speed of our proposed method, compared to other 3D representations in novel view synthesis.      
### 2.HuMMan: Multi-Modal 4D Human Dataset for Versatile Sensing and Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13686.pdf)
>  4D human sensing and modeling are fundamental tasks in vision and graphics with numerous applications. With the advances of new sensors and algorithms, there is an increasing demand for more versatile datasets. In this work, we contribute HuMMan, a large-scale multi-modal 4D human dataset with 1000 human subjects, 400k sequences and 60M frames. HuMMan has several appealing properties: 1) multi-modal data and annotations including color images, point clouds, keypoints, SMPL parameters, and textured meshes; 2) popular mobile device is included in the sensor suite; 3) a set of 500 actions, designed to cover fundamental movements; 4) multiple tasks such as action recognition, pose estimation, parametric human recovery, and textured mesh reconstruction are supported and evaluated. Extensive experiments on HuMMan voice the need for further study on challenges such as fine-grained action recognition, dynamic human mesh reconstruction, point cloud-based parametric human recovery, and cross-device domain gaps.      
### 3.Unified Simulation, Perception, and Generation of Human Behavior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13678.pdf)
>  Understanding and modeling human behavior is fundamental to almost any computer vision and robotics applications that involve humans. In this thesis, we take a holistic approach to human behavior modeling and tackle its three essential aspects -- simulation, perception, and generation. Throughout the thesis, we show how the three aspects are deeply connected and how utilizing and improving one aspect can greatly benefit the other aspects. We also discuss the lessons learned and our vision for what is next for human behavior modeling.      
### 4.Articulated Objects in Free-form Hand Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13662.pdf)
>  We use our hands to interact with and to manipulate objects. Articulated objects are especially interesting since they often require the full dexterity of human hands to manipulate them. To understand, model, and synthesize such interactions, automatic and robust methods that reconstruct hands and articulated objects in 3D from a color image are needed. Existing methods for estimating 3D hand and object pose from images focus on rigid objects. In part, because such methods rely on training data and no dataset of articulated object manipulation exists. Consequently, we introduce ARCTIC - the first dataset of free-form interactions of hands and articulated objects. ARCTIC has 1.2M images paired with accurate 3D meshes for both hands and for objects that move and deform over time. The dataset also provides hand-object contact information. To show the value of our dataset, we perform two novel tasks on ARCTIC: (1) 3D reconstruction of two hands and an articulated object in interaction; (2) an estimation of dense hand-object relative distances, which we call interaction field estimation. For the first task, we present ArcticNet, a baseline method for the task of jointly reconstructing two hands and an articulated object from an RGB image. For interaction field estimation, we predict the relative distances from each hand vertex to the object surface, and vice versa. We introduce InterField, the first method that estimates such distances from a single RGB image. We provide qualitative and quantitative experiments for both tasks, and provide detailed analysis on the data. Code and data will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://arctic.is.tue.mpg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Unsupervised Multi-Modal Medical Image Registration via Discriminator-Free Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13656.pdf)
>  In clinical practice, well-aligned multi-modal images, such as Magnetic Resonance (MR) and Computed Tomography (CT), together can provide complementary information for image-guided therapies. Multi-modal image registration is essential for the accurate alignment of these multi-modal images. However, it remains a very challenging task due to complicated and unknown spatial correspondence between different modalities. In this paper, we propose a novel translation-based unsupervised deformable image registration approach to convert the multi-modal registration problem to a mono-modal one. Specifically, our approach incorporates a discriminator-free translation network to facilitate the training of the registration network and a patchwise contrastive loss to encourage the translation network to preserve object shapes. Furthermore, we propose to replace an adversarial loss, that is widely used in previous multi-modal image registration methods, with a pixel loss in order to integrate the output of translation into the target modality. This leads to an unsupervised method requiring no ground-truth deformation or pairs of aligned images for training. We evaluate four variants of our approach on the public Learn2Reg 2021 datasets \cite{hering2021learn2reg}. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed architecture achieves state-of-the-art performance. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/heyblackC/DFMIR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.GRIT: General Robust Image Task Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13653.pdf)
>  Computer vision models excel at making predictions when the test distribution closely resembles the training distribution. Such models have yet to match the ability of biological vision to learn from multiple sources and generalize to new data sources and tasks. To facilitate the development and evaluation of more general vision systems, we introduce the General Robust Image Task (GRIT) benchmark. GRIT evaluates the performance, robustness, and calibration of a vision system across a variety of image prediction tasks, concepts, and data sources. The seven tasks in GRIT are selected to cover a range of visual skills: object categorization, object localization, referring expression grounding, visual question answering, segmentation, human keypoint detection, and surface normal estimation. GRIT is carefully designed to enable the evaluation of robustness under image perturbations, image source distribution shift, and concept distribution shift. By providing a unified platform for thorough assessment of skills and concepts learned by a vision model, we hope GRIT catalyzes the development of performant and robust general purpose vision systems.      
### 7.Learning to Extract Building Footprints from Off-Nadir Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13637.pdf)
>  Extracting building footprints from aerial images is essential for precise urban mapping with photogrammetric computer vision technologies. Existing approaches mainly assume that the roof and footprint of a building are well overlapped, which may not hold in off-nadir aerial images as there is often a big offset between them. In this paper, we propose an offset vector learning scheme, which turns the building footprint extraction problem in off-nadir images into an instance-level joint prediction problem of the building roof and its corresponding "roof to footprint" offset vector. Thus the footprint can be estimated by translating the predicted roof mask according to the predicted offset vector. We further propose a simple but effective feature-level offset augmentation module, which can significantly refine the offset vector prediction by introducing little extra cost. Moreover, a new dataset, Buildings in Off-Nadir Aerial Images (BONAI), is created and released in this paper. It contains 268,958 building instances across 3,300 aerial images with fully annotated instance-level roof, footprint, and corresponding offset vector for each building. Experiments on the BONAI dataset demonstrate that our method achieves the state-of-the-art, outperforming other competitors by 3.37 to 7.39 points in F1-score. The codes, datasets, and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jwwangchn/BONAI.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.SemAttNet: Towards Attention-based Semantic Aware Guided Depth Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13635.pdf)
>  Depth completion involves recovering a dense depth map from a sparse map and an RGB image. Recent approaches focus on utilizing color images as guidance images to recover depth at invalid pixels. However, color images alone are not enough to provide the necessary semantic understanding of the scene. Consequently, the depth completion task suffers from sudden illumination changes in RGB images (e.g., shadows). In this paper, we propose a novel three-branch backbone comprising color-guided, semantic-guided, and depth-guided branches. Specifically, the color-guided branch takes a sparse depth map and RGB image as an input and generates color depth which includes color cues (e.g., object boundaries) of the scene. The predicted dense depth map of color-guided branch along-with semantic image and sparse depth map is passed as input to semantic-guided branch for estimating semantic depth. The depth-guided branch takes sparse, color, and semantic depths to generate the dense depth map. The color depth, semantic depth, and guided depth are adaptively fused to produce the output of our proposed three-branch backbone. In addition, we also propose to apply semantic-aware multi-modal attention-based fusion block (SAMMAFB) to fuse features between all three branches. We further use CSPN++ with Atrous convolutions to refine the dense depth map produced by our three-branch backbone. Extensive experiments show that our model achieves state-of-the-art performance in the KITTI depth completion benchmark at the time of submission.      
### 9.Reliable Visual Question Answering: Abstain Rather Than Answer Incorrectly  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13631.pdf)
>  Machine learning has advanced dramatically, narrowing the accuracy gap to humans in multimodal tasks like visual question answering (VQA). However, while humans can say "I don't know" when they are uncertain (i.e., abstain from answering a question), such ability has been largely neglected in multimodal research, despite the importance of this problem to the usage of VQA in real settings. In this work, we promote a problem formulation for reliable VQA, where we prefer abstention over providing an incorrect answer. We first enable abstention capabilities for several VQA models, and analyze both their coverage, the portion of questions answered, and risk, the error on that portion. For that we explore several abstention approaches. We find that although the best performing models achieve over 71% accuracy on the VQA v2 dataset, introducing the option to abstain by directly using a model's softmax scores limits them to answering less than 8% of the questions to achieve a low risk of error (i.e., 1%). This motivates us to utilize a multimodal selection function to directly estimate the correctness of the predicted answers, which we show can triple the coverage from, for example, 5.0% to 16.7% at 1% risk. While it is important to analyze both coverage and risk, these metrics have a trade-off which makes comparing VQA models challenging. To address this, we also propose an Effective Reliability metric for VQA that places a larger cost on incorrect answers compared to abstentions. This new problem formulation, metric, and analysis for VQA provide the groundwork for building effective and reliable VQA models that have the self-awareness to abstain if and only if they don't know the answer.      
### 10.Rotationally Equivariant 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13630.pdf)
>  Rotation equivariance has recently become a strongly desired property in the 3D deep learning community. Yet most existing methods focus on equivariance regarding a global input rotation while ignoring the fact that rotation symmetry has its own spatial support. Specifically, we consider the object detection problem in 3D scenes, where an object bounding box should be equivariant regarding the object pose, independent of the scene motion. This suggests a new desired property we call object-level rotation equivariance. To incorporate object-level rotation equivariance into 3D object detectors, we need a mechanism to extract equivariant features with local object-level spatial support while being able to model cross-object context information. To this end, we propose Equivariant Object detection Network (EON) with a rotation equivariance suspension design to achieve object-level equivariance. EON can be applied to modern point cloud object detectors, such as VoteNet and PointRCNN, enabling them to exploit object rotation symmetry in scene-scale inputs. Our experiments on both indoor scene and autonomous driving datasets show that significant improvements are obtained by plugging our EON design into existing state-of-the-art 3D object detectors.      
### 11.Computer Vision for Road Imaging and Pothole Detection: A State-of-the-Art Review of Systems and Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13590.pdf)
>  Computer vision algorithms have been prevalently utilized for 3-D road imaging and pothole detection for over two decades. Nonetheless, there is a lack of systematic survey articles on state-of-the-art (SoTA) computer vision techniques, especially deep learning models, developed to tackle these problems. This article first introduces the sensing systems employed for 2-D and 3-D road data acquisition, including camera(s), laser scanners, and Microsoft Kinect. Afterward, it thoroughly and comprehensively reviews the SoTA computer vision algorithms, including (1) classical 2-D image processing, (2) 3-D point cloud modeling and segmentation, and (3) machine/deep learning, developed for road pothole detection. This article also discusses the existing challenges and future development trends of computer vision-based road pothole detection approaches: classical 2-D image processing-based and 3-D point cloud modeling and segmentation-based approaches have already become history; and Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have demonstrated compelling road pothole detection results and are promising to break the bottleneck with the future advances in self/un-supervised learning for multi-modal semantic segmentation. We believe that this survey can serve as practical guidance for developing the next-generation road condition assessment systems.      
### 12.A Close Look into Human Activity Recognition Models using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13589.pdf)
>  Human activity recognition using deep learning techniques has become increasing popular because of its high effectivity with recognizing complex tasks, as well as being relatively low in costs compared to more traditional machine learning techniques. This paper surveys some state-of-the-art human activity recognition models that are based on deep learning architecture and has layers containing Convolution Neural Networks (CNN), Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), or a mix of more than one type for a hybrid system. The analysis outlines how the models are implemented to maximize its effectivity and some of the potential limitations it faces.      
### 13.Symmetric Transformer-based Network for Unsupervised Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13575.pdf)
>  Medical image registration is a fundamental and critical task in medical image analysis. With the rapid development of deep learning, convolutional neural networks (CNN) have dominated the medical image registration field. Due to the disadvantage of the local receptive field of CNN, some recent registration methods have focused on using transformers for non-local registration. However, the standard Transformer has a vast number of parameters and high computational complexity, which causes Transformer can only be applied at the bottom of the registration models. As a result, only coarse information is available at the lowest resolution, limiting the contribution of Transformer in their models. To address these challenges, we propose a convolution-based efficient multi-head self-attention (CEMSA) block, which reduces the parameters of the traditional Transformer and captures local spatial context information for reducing semantic ambiguity in the attention mechanism. Based on the proposed CEMSA, we present a novel Symmetric Transformer-based model (SymTrans). SymTrans employs the Transformer blocks in the encoder and the decoder respectively to model the long-range spatial cross-image relevance. We apply SymTrans to the displacement field and diffeomorphic registration. Experimental results show that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance in image registration. Our code is publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MingR-Ma/SymTrans" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 14.Tragedy Plus Time: Capturing Unintended Human Activities from Weakly-labeled Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13548.pdf)
>  In videos that contain actions performed unintentionally, agents do not achieve their desired goals. In such videos, it is challenging for computer vision systems to understand high-level concepts such as goal-directed behavior, an ability present in humans from a very early age. Inculcating this ability in artificially intelligent agents would make them better social learners by allowing them to evaluate human action under a teleological lens. To validate the ability of deep learning models to perform this task, we curate the W-Oops dataset, built upon the Oops dataset [15]. W-Oops consists of 2,100 unintentional human action videos, with 44 goal-directed and 30 unintentional video-level activity labels collected through human annotations. Due to the expensive segment annotation procedure, we propose a weakly supervised algorithm for localizing the goal-directed as well as unintentional temporal regions in the video leveraging solely video-level labels. In particular, we employ an attention mechanism-based strategy that predicts the temporal regions which contribute the most to a classification task. Meanwhile, our designed overlap regularization allows the model to focus on distinct portions of the video for inferring the goal-directed and unintentional activity while guaranteeing their temporal ordering. Extensive quantitative experiments verify the validity of our localization method. We further conduct a video captioning experiment which demonstrates that the proposed localization module does indeed assist teleological action understanding.      
### 15.Unsupervised Spatial-spectral Hyperspectral Image Reconstruction and Clustering with Diffusion Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13497.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral images, which store a hundred or more spectral bands of reflectance, have become an important data source in natural and social sciences. Hyperspectral images are often generated in large quantities at a relatively coarse spatial resolution. As such, unsupervised machine learning algorithms incorporating known structure in hyperspectral imagery are needed to analyze these images automatically. This work introduces the Spatial-Spectral Image Reconstruction and Clustering with Diffusion Geometry (DSIRC) algorithm for partitioning highly mixed hyperspectral images. DSIRC reduces measurement noise through a shape-adaptive reconstruction procedure. In particular, for each pixel, DSIRC locates spectrally correlated pixels within a data-adaptive spatial neighborhood and reconstructs that pixel's spectral signature using those of its neighbors. DSIRC then locates high-density, high-purity pixels far in diffusion distance (a data-dependent distance metric) from other high-density, high-purity pixels and treats these as cluster exemplars, giving each a unique label. Non-modal pixels are assigned the label of their diffusion distance-nearest neighbor of higher density and purity that is already labeled. Strong numerical results indicate that incorporating spatial information through image reconstruction substantially improves the performance of pixel-wise clustering.      
### 16.Streaming Multiscale Deep Equilibrium Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13492.pdf)
>  We present StreamDEQ, a method that infers frame-wise representations on videos with minimal per-frame computation. In contrast to conventional methods where compute time grows at least linearly with the network depth, we aim to update the representations in a continuous manner. For this purpose, we leverage the recently emerging implicit layer model which infers the representation of an image by solving a fixed-point problem. Our main insight is to leverage the slowly changing nature of videos and use the previous frame representation as an initial condition on each frame. This scheme effectively recycles the recent inference computations and greatly reduces the needed processing time. Through extensive experimental analysis, we show that StreamDEQ is able to recover near-optimal representations in a few frames time, and maintain an up-to-date representation throughout the video duration. Our experiments on video semantic segmentation and video object detection show that StreamDEQ achieves on par accuracy with the baseline (standard MDEQ) while being more than $3\times$ faster. The project page is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ufukertenli.github.io/streamdeq/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 17.TJ4DRadSet: A 4D Radar Dataset for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13483.pdf)
>  The new generation of 4D high-resolution imaging radar provides not only a huge amount of point cloud but also additional elevation measurement, which has a great potential of 3D sensing in autonomous driving. In this paper, we introduce an autonomous driving dataset named TJ4DRadSet, including multi-modal sensors that are 4D radar, lidar, camera and GNSS, with about 40K frames in total. 7757 frames within 44 consecutive sequences in various driving scenarios are well annotated with 3D bounding boxes and track id. We provide a 4D radar-based 3D object detection baseline for our dataset to demonstrate the effectiveness of deep learning methods for 4D radar point clouds.      
### 18.Learning from Pixel-Level Noisy Label : A New Perspective for Light Field Saliency Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13456.pdf)
>  Saliency detection with light field images is becoming attractive given the abundant cues available, however, this comes at the expense of large-scale pixel level annotated data which is expensive to generate. In this paper, we propose to learn light field saliency from pixel-level noisy labels obtained from unsupervised hand crafted featured based saliency methods. Given this goal, a natural question is: can we efficiently incorporate the relationships among light field cues while identifying clean labels in a unified framework? We address this question by formulating the learning as a joint optimization of intra light field features fusion stream and inter scenes correlation stream to generate the predictions. Specially, we first introduce a pixel forgetting guided fusion module to mutually enhance the light field features and exploit pixel consistency across iterations to identify noisy pixels. Next, we introduce a cross scene noise penalty loss for better reflecting latent structures of training data and enabling the learning to be invariant to noise. Extensive experiments on multiple benchmark datasets demonstrate the superiority of our framework showing that it learns saliency prediction comparable to state-of-the-art fully supervised light field saliency methods. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/OLobbCode/NoiseLF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Deep Orientation-Aware Functional Maps: Tackling Symmetry Issues in Shape Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13453.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art fully intrinsic networks for non-rigid shape matching often struggle to disambiguate the symmetries of the shapes leading to unstable correspondence predictions. Meanwhile, recent advances in the functional map framework allow to enforce orientation preservation using a functional representation for tangent vector field transfer, through so-called complex functional maps. Using this representation, we propose a new deep learning approach to learn orientation-aware features in a fully unsupervised setting. Our architecture is built on top of DiffusionNet, making it robust to discretization changes. Additionally, we introduce a vector field-based loss, which promotes orientation preservation without using (often unstable) extrinsic descriptors.      
### 20.AE-NeRF: Auto-Encoding Neural Radiance Fields for 3D-Aware Object Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13426.pdf)
>  We propose a novel framework for 3D-aware object manipulation, called Auto-Encoding Neural Radiance Fields (AE-NeRF). Our model, which is formulated in an auto-encoder architecture, extracts disentangled 3D attributes such as 3D shape, appearance, and camera pose from an image, and a high-quality image is rendered from the attributes through disentangled generative Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF). To improve the disentanglement ability, we present two losses, global-local attribute consistency loss defined between input and output, and swapped-attribute classification loss. Since training such auto-encoding networks from scratch without ground-truth shape and appearance information is non-trivial, we present a stage-wise training scheme, which dramatically helps to boost the performance. We conduct experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model over the latest methods and provide extensive ablation studies.      
### 21.Hybrid Relation Guided Set Matching for Few-shot Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13423.pdf)
>  Current few-shot action recognition methods reach impressive performance by learning discriminative features for each video via episodic training and designing various temporal alignment strategies. Nevertheless, they are limited in that (a) learning individual features without considering the entire task may lose the most relevant information in the current episode, and (b) these alignment strategies may fail in misaligned instances. To overcome the two limitations, we propose a novel Hybrid Relation guided Set Matching (HyRSM) approach that incorporates two key components: hybrid relation module and set matching metric. The purpose of the hybrid relation module is to learn task-specific embeddings by fully exploiting associated relations within and cross videos in an episode. Built upon the task-specific features, we reformulate distance measure between query and support videos as a set matching problem and further design a bidirectional Mean Hausdorff Metric to improve the resilience to misaligned instances. By this means, the proposed HyRSM can be highly informative and flexible to predict query categories under the few-shot settings. We evaluate HyRSM on six challenging benchmarks, and the experimental results show its superiority over the state-of-the-art methods by a convincing margin. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://hyrsm-cvpr2022.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Semi-MoreGAN: A New Semi-supervised Generative Adversarial Network for Mixture of Rain Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13420.pdf)
>  Rain is one of the most common weather which can completely degrade the image quality and interfere with the performance of many computer vision tasks, especially under heavy rain conditions. We observe that: (i) rain is a mixture of rain streaks and rainy haze; (ii) the scene depth determines the intensity of rain streaks and the transformation into the rainy haze; (iii) most existing deraining methods are only trained on synthetic rainy images, and hence generalize poorly to the real-world scenes. Motivated by these observations, we propose a new SEMI-supervised Mixture Of rain REmoval Generative Adversarial Network (Semi-MoreGAN), which consists of four key modules: (I) a novel attentional depth prediction network to provide precise depth estimation; (ii) a context feature prediction network composed of several well-designed detailed residual blocks to produce detailed image context features; (iii) a pyramid depth-guided non-local network to effectively integrate the image context with the depth information, and produce the final rain-free images; and (iv) a comprehensive semi-supervised loss function to make the model not limited to synthetic datasets but generalize smoothly to real-world heavy rainy scenes. Extensive experiments show clear improvements of our approach over twenty representative state-of-the-arts on both synthetic and real-world rainy images.      
### 23.Audio-Visual Contrastive Learning for Self-supervised Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13386.pdf)
>  The underlying correlation between audio and visual modalities within videos can be utilized to learn supervised information for unlabeled videos. In this paper, we present an end-to-end self-supervised framework named Audio-Visual Contrastive Learning (AVCL), to learn discriminative audio-visual representations for action recognition. Specifically, we design an attention based multi-modal fusion module (AMFM) to fuse audio and visual modalities. To align heterogeneous audio-visual modalities, we construct a novel co-correlation guided representation alignment module (CGRA). To learn supervised information from unlabeled videos, we propose a novel self-supervised contrastive learning module (SelfCL). Furthermore, to expand the existing audio-visual action recognition datasets and better evaluate our framework AVCL, we build a new audio-visual action recognition dataset named Kinetics-Sounds100. Experimental results on Kinetics-Sounds32 and Kinetics-Sounds100 datasets demonstrate the superiority of our AVCL over the state-of-the-art methods on large-scale action recognition benchmark.      
### 24.Keep the Caption Information: Preventing Shortcut Learning in Contrastive Image-Caption Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13382.pdf)
>  To train image-caption retrieval (ICR) methods, contrastive loss functions are a common choice for optimization functions. Unfortunately, contrastive ICR methods are vulnerable to learning shortcuts: decision rules that perform well on the training data but fail to transfer to other testing conditions. We introduce an approach to reduce shortcut feature representations for the ICR task: latent target decoding (LTD). We add an additional decoder to the learning framework to reconstruct the input caption, which prevents the image and caption encoder from learning shortcut features. Instead of reconstructing input captions in the input space, we decode the semantics of the caption in a latent space. We implement the LTD objective as an optimization constraint, to ensure that the reconstruction loss is below a threshold value while primarily optimizing for the contrastive loss. Importantly, LTD does not depend on additional training data or expensive (hard) negative mining strategies. Our experiments show that, unlike reconstructing the input caption, LTD reduces shortcut learning and improves generalizability by obtaining higher recall@k and r-precision scores. Additionally, we show that the evaluation scores benefit from implementing LTD as an optimization constraint instead of a dual loss.      
### 25.Morphing Attack Potential  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13374.pdf)
>  In security systems the risk assessment in the sense of common criteria testing is a very relevant topic; this requires quantifying the attack potential in terms of the expertise of the attacker, his knowledge about the target and access to equipment. Contrary to those attacks, the recently revealed morphing attacks against Face Recognition Systems (FRSs) can not be assessed by any of the above criteria. But not all morphing techniques pose the same risk for an operational face recognition system. This paper introduces with the Morphing Attack Potential (MAP) a consistent methodology, that can quantify the risk, which a certain morphing attack creates.      
### 26.On the Role of Field of View for Occlusion Removal with Airborne Optical Sectioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13371.pdf)
>  Occlusion caused by vegetation is an essential problem for remote sensing applications in areas, such as search and rescue, wildfire detection, wildlife observation, surveillance, border control, and others. Airborne Optical Sectioning (AOS) is an optical, wavelength-independent synthetic aperture imaging technique that supports computational occlusion removal in real-time. It can be applied with manned or unmanned aircrafts, such as drones. In this article, we demonstrate a relationship between forest density and field of view (FOV) of applied imaging systems. This finding was made with the help of a simulated procedural forest model which offers the consideration of more realistic occlusion properties than our previous statistical model. While AOS has been explored with automatic and autonomous research prototypes in the past, we present a free AOS integration for DJI systems. It enables bluelight organizations and others to use and explore AOS with compatible, manually operated, off-the-shelf drones. The (digitally cropped) default FOV for this implementation was chosen based on our new finding.      
### 27.Poly-CAM: High resolution class activation map for convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13359.pdf)
>  The need for Explainable AI is increasing with the development of deep learning. The saliency maps derived from convolutional neural networks generally fail in localizing with accuracy the image features justifying the network prediction. This is because those maps are either low-resolution as for CAM [Zhou et al., 2016], or smooth as for perturbation-based methods [Zeiler and Fergus, 2014], or do correspond to a large number of widespread peaky spots as for gradient-based approaches [Sundararajan et al., 2017, Smilkov et al., 2017]. In contrast, our work proposes to combine the information from earlier network layers with the one from later layers to produce a high resolution Class Activation Map that is competitive with the previous art in term of insertion-deletion faithfulness metrics, while outperforming it in term of precision of class-specific features localization.      
### 28.Deep Generalized Unfolding Networks for Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13348.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNN) have achieved great success in image restoration. However, most DNN methods are designed as a black box, lacking transparency and interpretability. Although some methods are proposed to combine traditional optimization algorithms with DNN, they usually demand pre-defined degradation processes or handcrafted assumptions, making it difficult to deal with complex and real-world applications. In this paper, we propose a Deep Generalized Unfolding Network (DGUNet) for image restoration. Concretely, without loss of interpretability, we integrate a gradient estimation strategy into the gradient descent step of the Proximal Gradient Descent (PGD) algorithm, driving it to deal with complex and real-world image degradation. In addition, we design inter-stage information pathways across proximal mapping in different PGD iterations to rectify the intrinsic information loss in most deep unfolding networks (DUN) through a multi-scale and spatial-adaptive way. By integrating the flexible gradient descent and informative proximal mapping, we unfold the iterative PGD algorithm into a trainable DNN. Extensive experiments on various image restoration tasks demonstrate the superiority of our method in terms of state-of-the-art performance, interpretability, and generalizability. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MC-E/Deep-Generalized-Unfolding-Networks-for-Image-Restoration" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.A Closer Look at Branch Classifiers of Multi-exit Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13347.pdf)
>  Multi-exit architectures consist of a backbone and branch classifiers that offer shortened inference pathways to reduce the run-time of deep neural networks. In this paper, we analyze different branching patterns that vary in their allocation of computational complexity for the branch classifiers. Constant-complexity branching keeps all branches the same, while complexity-increasing and complexity-decreasing branching place more complex branches later or earlier in the backbone respectively. Through extensive experimentation on multiple backbones and datasets, we find that complexity-decreasing branches are more effective than constant-complexity or complexity-increasing branches, which achieve the best accuracy-cost trade-off. We investigate a cause by using knowledge consistency to probe the effect of adding branches onto a backbone. Our findings show that complexity-decreasing branching yields the least disruption to the feature abstraction hierarchy of the backbone, which explains the effectiveness of the branching patterns.      
### 30.Temporal Progressive Attention for Early Action Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13340.pdf)
>  Early action prediction deals with inferring the ongoing action from partially-observed videos, typically at the outset of the video. We propose a bottleneck-based attention model that captures the evolution of the action, through progressive sampling over fine-to-coarse scales. Our proposed Temporal Progressive (TemPr) model is composed of multiple attention towers, one for each scale. The predicted action label is based on the collective agreement considering confidences of these attention towers. Extensive experiments over three video datasets showcase state-of-the-art performance on the task of Early Action Prediction across a range of backbone architectures. We demonstrate the effectiveness and consistency of TemPr through detailed ablations.      
### 31.An Overview of Color Transfer and Style Transfer for Images and Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13339.pdf)
>  Image or video appearance features (e.g., color, texture, tone, illumination, and so on) reflect one's visual perception and direct impression of an image or video. Given a source image (video) and a target image (video), the image (video) color transfer technique aims to process the color of the source image or video (note that the source image or video is also referred to the reference image or video in some literature) to make it look like that of the target image or video, i.e., transferring the appearance of the target image or video to that of the source image or video, which can thereby change one's perception of the source image or video. As an extension of color transfer, style transfer refers to rendering the content of a target image or video in the style of an artist with either a style sample or a set of images through a style transfer model. As an emerging field, the study of style transfer has attracted the attention of a large number of researchers. After decades of development, it has become a highly interdisciplinary research with a variety of artistic expression styles can be achieved. This paper provides an overview of color transfer and style transfer methods over the past years.      
### 32.Controllable Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13324.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art image captioners can generate accurate sentences to describe images in a sequence to sequence manner without considering the controllability and interpretability. This, however, is far from making image captioning widely used as an image can be interpreted in infinite ways depending on the target and the context at hand. Achieving controllability is important especially when the image captioner is used by different people with different way of interpreting the images. In this paper, we introduce a novel framework for image captioning which can generate diverse descriptions by capturing the co-dependence between Part-Of-Speech tags and semantics. Our model decouples direct dependence between successive variables. In this way, it allows the decoder to exhaustively search through the latent Part-Of-Speech choices, while keeping decoding speed proportional to the size of the POS vocabulary. Given a control signal in the form of a sequence of Part-Of-Speech tags, we propose a method to generate captions through a Transformer network, which predicts words based on the input Part-Of-Speech tag sequences. Experiments on publicly available datasets show that our model significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on generating diverse image captions with high qualities.      
### 33.Discriminative-Region Attention and Orthogonal-View Generation Model for Vehicle Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13323.pdf)
>  Vehicle re-identification (Re-ID) is urgently demanded to alleviate thepressure caused by the increasingly onerous task of urban traffic management. Multiple challenges hamper the applications of vision-based vehicle Re-ID methods: (1) The appearances of different vehicles of the same brand/model are often similar; However, (2) the appearances of the same vehicle differ significantly from different viewpoints. Previous methods mainly use manually annotated multi-attribute datasets to assist the network in getting detailed cues and in inferencing multi-view to improve the vehicle Re-ID performance. However, finely labeled vehicle datasets are usually unattainable in real application scenarios. Hence, we propose a Discriminative-Region Attention and Orthogonal-View Generation (DRA-OVG) model, which only requires identity (ID) labels to conquer the multiple challenges of vehicle Re-ID.The proposed DRA model can automatically extract the discriminative region features, which can distinguish similar vehicles. And the OVG model can generate multi-view features based on the input view features to reduce the impact of viewpoint mismatches. Finally, the distance between vehicle appearances is presented by the discriminative region features and multi-view features together. Therefore, the significance of pairwise distance measure between vehicles is enhanced in acomplete feature space. Extensive experiments substantiate the effectiveness of each proposed ingredient, and experimental results indicate that our approach achieves remarkable improvements over the state- of-the-art vehicle Re-ID methods on VehicleID and VeRi-776 datasets.      
### 34.Two Decades of Colorization and Decolorization for Images and Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13322.pdf)
>  Colorization is a computer-aided process, which aims to give color to a gray image or video. It can be used to enhance black-and-white images, including black-and-white photos, old-fashioned films, and scientific imaging results. On the contrary, decolorization is to convert a color image or video into a grayscale one. A grayscale image or video refers to an image or video with only brightness information without color information. It is the basis of some downstream image processing applications such as pattern recognition, image segmentation, and image enhancement. Different from image decolorization, video decolorization should not only consider the image contrast preservation in each video frame, but also respect the temporal and spatial consistency between video frames. Researchers were devoted to develop decolorization methods by balancing spatial-temporal consistency and algorithm efficiency. With the prevalance of the digital cameras and mobile phones, image and video colorization and decolorization have been paid more and more attention by researchers. This paper gives an overview of the progress of image and video colorization and decolorization methods in the last two decades.      
### 35.MMRotate: A Rotated Object Detection Benchmark using Pytorch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13317.pdf)
>  We present an open-source toolbox, named MMRotate, which provides a coherent algorithm framework of training, inferring, and evaluation for the popular rotated object detection algorithm based on deep learning. MMRotate implements 18 state-of-the-art algorithms and supports the three most frequently used angle definition methods. To facilitate future research and industrial applications of rotated object detection-related problems, we also provide a large number of trained models and detailed benchmarks to give insights into the performance of rotated object detection. MMRotate is publicly released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmrotate" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 36.Region-level Contrastive and Consistency Learning for Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13314.pdf)
>  Current semi-supervised semantic segmentation methods mainly focus on designing pixel-level consistency and contrastive regularization. However, pixel-level regularization is sensitive to noise from pixels with incorrect predictions, and pixel-level contrastive regularization has memory and computational cost with O(pixel_num^2). To address the issues, we propose a novel region-level contrastive and consistency learning framework (RC^2L) for semi-supervised semantic segmentation. Specifically, we first propose a Region Mask Contrastive (RMC) loss and a Region Feature Contrastive (RFC) loss to accomplish region-level contrastive property. Furthermore, Region Class Consistency (RCC) loss and Semantic Mask Consistency (SMC) loss are proposed for achieving region-level consistency. Based on the proposed region-level contrastive and consistency regularization, we develop a region-level contrastive and consistency learning framework (RC^2L) for semi-supervised semantic segmentation, and evaluate our RC$^2$L on two challenging benchmarks (PASCAL VOC 2012 and Cityscapes), outperforming the state-of-the-art.      
### 37.Lightweight Bimodal Network for Single-Image Super-Resolution via Symmetric CNN and Recursive Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13286.pdf)
>  Single-image super-resolution (SISR) has achieved significant breakthroughs with the development of deep learning. However, these methods are difficult to be applied in real-world scenarios since they are inevitably accompanied by the problems of computational and memory costs caused by the complex operations. To solve this issue, we propose a Lightweight Bimodal Network (LBNet) for SISR. Specifically, an effective Symmetric CNN is designed for local feature extraction and coarse image reconstruction. Meanwhile, we propose a Recursive Transformer to fully learn the long-term dependence of images thus the global information can be fully used to further refine texture details. Studies show that the hybrid of CNN and Transformer can build a more efficient model. Extensive experiments have proved that our LBNet achieves more prominent performance than other state-of-the-art methods with a relatively low computational cost and memory consumption. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IVIPLab/LBNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Automatic Detection and Classification of Symbols in Engineering Drawings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13277.pdf)
>  A method of finding and classifying various components and objects in a design diagram, drawing, or planning layout is proposed. The method automatically finds the objects present in a legend table and finds their position, count and related information with the help of multiple deep neural networks. The method is pre-trained on several drawings or design templates to learn the feature set that may help in representing the new templates. For a template not seen before, it does not require any training with template dataset. The proposed method may be useful in multiple industry applications such as design validation, object count, connectivity of components, etc. The method is generic and domain independent.      
### 39.Offline Visual Representation Learning for Embodied Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13226.pdf)
>  How should we learn visual representations for embodied agents that must see and move? The status quo is tabula rasa in vivo, i.e. learning visual representations from scratch while also learning to move, potentially augmented with auxiliary tasks (e.g. predicting the action taken between two successive observations). In this paper, we show that an alternative 2-stage strategy is far more effective: (1) offline pretraining of visual representations with self-supervised learning (SSL) using large-scale pre-rendered images of indoor environments (Omnidata), and (2) online finetuning of visuomotor representations on specific tasks with image augmentations under long learning schedules. We call this method Offline Visual Representation Learning (OVRL). We conduct large-scale experiments - on 3 different 3D datasets (Gibson, HM3D, MP3D), 2 tasks (ImageNav, ObjectNav), and 2 policy learning algorithms (RL, IL) - and find that the OVRL representations lead to significant across-the-board improvements in state of art, on ImageNav from 29.2% to 54.2% (+25% absolute, 86% relative) and on ObjectNav from 18.1% to 23.2% (+5.1% absolute, 28% relative). Importantly, both results were achieved by the same visual encoder generalizing to datasets that were not seen during pretraining. While the benefits of pretraining sometimes diminish (or entirely disappear) with long finetuning schedules, we find that OVRL's performance gains continue to increase (not decrease) as the agent is trained for 2 billion frames of experience.      
### 40.Use All The Labels: A Hierarchical Multi-Label Contrastive Learning Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13207.pdf)
>  Current contrastive learning frameworks focus on leveraging a single supervisory signal to learn representations, which limits the efficacy on unseen data and downstream tasks. In this paper, we present a hierarchical multi-label representation learning framework that can leverage all available labels and preserve the hierarchical relationship between classes. We introduce novel hierarchy preserving losses, which jointly apply a hierarchical penalty to the contrastive loss, and enforce the hierarchy constraint. The loss function is data driven and automatically adapts to arbitrary multi-label structures. Experiments on several datasets show that our relationship-preserving embedding performs well on a variety of tasks and outperform the baseline supervised and self-supervised approaches. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/salesforce/hierarchicalContrastiveLearning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13158.pdf)
>  Person Re-Identification (Re-ID) is an important problem in computer vision-based surveillance applications, in which one aims to identify a person across different surveillance photographs taken from different cameras having varying orientations and field of views. Due to the increasing demand for intelligent video surveillance, Re-ID has gained significant interest in the computer vision community. In this work, we experiment on some existing Re-ID methods that obtain state of the art performance in some open benchmarks. We qualitatively and quantitaively analyse their performance on a provided dataset, and then propose methods to improve the results. This work was the report submitted for COL780 final project at IIT Delhi.      
### 42.SSR-GNNs: Stroke-based Sketch Representation with Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13153.pdf)
>  This paper follows cognitive studies to investigate a graph representation for sketches, where the information of strokes, i.e., parts of a sketch, are encoded on vertices and information of inter-stroke on edges. The resultant graph representation facilitates the training of a Graph Neural Networks for classification tasks, and achieves accuracy and robustness comparable to the state-of-the-art against translation and rotation attacks, as well as stronger attacks on graph vertices and topologies, i.e., modifications and addition of strokes, all without resorting to adversarial training. Prior studies on sketches, e.g., graph transformers, encode control points of stroke on vertices, which are not invariant to spatial transformations. In contrary, we encode vertices and edges using pairwise distances among control points to achieve invariance. Compared with existing generative sketch model for one-shot classification, our method does not rely on run-time statistical inference. Lastly, the proposed representation enables generation of novel sketches that are structurally similar to while separable from the existing dataset.      
### 43.An Improved Nearest Neighbour Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13141.pdf)
>  A windowed version of the Nearest Neighbour (WNN) classifier for images is described. While its construction is inspired by the architecture of Artificial Neural Networks, the underlying theoretical framework is based on approximation theory. We illustrate WNN on the datasets MNIST and EMNIST of images of handwritten digits. In order to calibrate the parameters of WNN, we first study it on the classical MNIST dataset. We then apply WNN with these parameters to the challenging EMNIST dataset. It is demonstrated that WNN misclassifies 0.42% of the images of EMNIST and therefore significantly outperforms predictions by humans and shallow ANNs that both have more than 1.3% of errors.      
### 44.HRDA: Context-Aware High-Resolution Domain-Adaptive Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13132.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) aims to adapt a model trained on the source domain (e.g. synthetic data) to the target domain (e.g. real-world data) without requiring further annotations on the target domain. This work focuses on UDA for semantic segmentation as real-world pixel-wise annotations are particularly expensive to acquire. As UDA methods for semantic segmentation are usually GPU memory intensive, most previous methods operate only on downscaled images. We question this design as low-resolution predictions often fail to preserve fine details. The alternative of training with random crops of high-resolution images alleviates this problem but falls short in capturing long-range, domain-robust context information. Therefore, we propose HRDA, a multi-resolution training approach for UDA, that combines the strengths of small high-resolution crops to preserve fine segmentation details and large low-resolution crops to capture long-range context dependencies with a learned scale attention, while maintaining a manageable GPU memory footprint. HRDA enables adapting small objects and preserving fine segmentation details. It significantly improves the state-of-the-art performance by 5.5 mIoU for GTA-to-Cityscapes and 4.9 mIoU for Synthia-to-Cityscapes, resulting in unprecedented 73.8 and 65.8 mIoU, respectively. The implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lhoyer/HRDA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.KING: Generating Safety-Critical Driving Scenarios for Robust Imitation via Kinematics Gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13683.pdf)
>  Simulators offer the possibility of safe, low-cost development of self-driving systems. However, current driving simulators exhibit nave behavior models for background traffic. Hand-tuned scenarios are typically added during simulation to induce safety-critical situations. An alternative approach is to adversarially perturb the background traffic trajectories. In this paper, we study this approach to safety-critical driving scenario generation using the CARLA simulator. We use a kinematic bicycle model as a proxy to the simulator's true dynamics and observe that gradients through this proxy model are sufficient for optimizing the background traffic trajectories. Based on this finding, we propose KING, which generates safety-critical driving scenarios with a 20% higher success rate than black-box optimization. By solving the scenarios generated by KING using a privileged rule-based expert algorithm, we obtain training data for an imitation learning policy. After fine-tuning on this new data, we show that the policy becomes better at avoiding collisions. Importantly, our generated data leads to reduced collisions on both held-out scenarios generated via KING as well as traditional hand-crafted scenarios, demonstrating improved robustness.      
### 46.Unlocking High-Accuracy Differentially Private Image Classification through Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13650.pdf)
>  Differential Privacy (DP) provides a formal privacy guarantee preventing adversaries with access to a machine learning model from extracting information about individual training points. Differentially Private Stochastic Gradient Descent (DP-SGD), the most popular DP training method, realizes this protection by injecting noise during training. However previous works have found that DP-SGD often leads to a significant degradation in performance on standard image classification benchmarks. Furthermore, some authors have postulated that DP-SGD inherently performs poorly on large models, since the norm of the noise required to preserve privacy is proportional to the model dimension. In contrast, we demonstrate that DP-SGD on over-parameterized models can perform significantly better than previously thought. Combining careful hyper-parameter tuning with simple techniques to ensure signal propagation and improve the convergence rate, we obtain a new SOTA on CIFAR-10 of 81.4% under (8, 10^{-5})-DP using a 40-layer Wide-ResNet, improving over the previous SOTA of 71.7%. When fine-tuning a pre-trained 200-layer Normalizer-Free ResNet, we achieve a remarkable 77.1% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet under (1, 8*10^{-7})-DP, and achieve 81.1% under (8, 8*10^{-7})-DP. This markedly exceeds the previous SOTA of 47.9% under a larger privacy budget of (10, 10^{-6})-DP. We believe our results are a significant step towards closing the accuracy gap between private and non-private image classification.      
### 47.Generative Adversarial Networks for Image Super-Resolution: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13620.pdf)
>  Single image super-resolution (SISR) has played an important role in the field of image processing. Recent generative adversarial networks (GANs) can achieve excellent results on low-resolution images with small samples. However, there are little literatures summarizing different GANs in SISR. In this paper, we conduct a comparative study of GANs from different perspectives. We first take a look at developments of GANs. Second, we present popular architectures for GANs in big and small samples for image applications. Then, we analyze motivations, implementations and differences of GANs based optimization methods and discriminative learning for image super-resolution in terms of supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised manners. Next, we compare performance of these popular GANs on public datasets via quantitative and qualitative analysis in SISR. Finally, we highlight challenges of GANs and potential research points for SISR.      
### 48.Predicting Sleeping Quality using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13584.pdf)
>  Identifying sleep stages and patterns is an essential part of diagnosing and treating sleep disorders. With the advancement of smart technologies, sensor data related to sleeping patterns can be captured easily. In this paper, we propose a Convolution Neural Network (CNN) architecture that improves the classification performance. In particular, we benchmark the classification performance from different methods, including traditional machine learning methods such as Logistic Regression (LR), Decision Trees (DT), k-Nearest Neighbour (k-NN), Naive Bayes (NB) and Support Vector Machine (SVM), on 3 publicly available sleep datasets. The accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, precision, recall, and F-score are reported and will serve as a baseline to simulate the research in this direction in the future.      
### 49.Mixup-based Deep Metric Learning Approaches for Incomplete Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13572.pdf)
>  Deep learning architectures have achieved promising results in different areas (e.g., medicine, agriculture, and security). However, using those powerful techniques in many real applications becomes challenging due to the large labeled collections required during training. Several works have pursued solutions to overcome it by proposing strategies that can learn more for less, e.g., weakly and semi-supervised learning approaches. As these approaches do not usually address memorization and sensitivity to adversarial examples, this paper presents three deep metric learning approaches combined with Mixup for incomplete-supervision scenarios. We show that some state-of-the-art approaches in metric learning might not work well in such scenarios. Moreover, the proposed approaches outperform most of them in different datasets.      
### 50.Inverse-Designed Meta-Optics with Spectral-Spatial Engineered Response to Mimic Color Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13520.pdf)
>  Meta-optics have rapidly become a major research field within the optics and photonics community, strongly driven by the seemingly limitless opportunities made possible by controlling optical wavefronts through interaction with arrays of sub-wavelength scatterers. As more and more modalities are explored, the design strategies to achieve desired functionalities become increasingly demanding, necessitating more advanced design techniques. Herein, the inverse-design approach is utilized to create a set of single-layer meta-optics that simultaneously focus light and shape the spectra of focused light without using any filters. Thus, both spatial and spectral properties of the meta-optics are optimized, resulting in spectra that mimic the color matching functions of the CIE 1931 XYZ color space, which links the distributions of wavelengths in light and the color perception of a human eye. Experimental demonstrations of these meta-optics show qualitative agreement with the theoretical predictions and help elucidate the focusing mechanism of these devices.      
### 51.List-Mode PET Image Reconstruction Using Deep Image Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13404.pdf)
>  List-mode positron emission tomography (PET) image reconstruction is an important tool for PET scanners with many lines-of-response (LORs) and additional information such as time-of-flight and depth-of-interaction. Deep learning is one possible solution to enhance the quality of PET image reconstruction. However, the application of deep learning techniques to list-mode PET image reconstruction have not been progressed because list data is a sequence of bit codes and unsuitable for processing by convolutional neural networks (CNN). In this study, we propose a novel list-mode PET image reconstruction method using an unsupervised CNN called deep image prior (DIP) and a framework of alternating direction method of multipliers. The proposed list-mode DIP reconstruction (LM-DIPRecon) method alternatively iterates regularized list-mode dynamic row action maximum likelihood algorithm (LM-DRAMA) and magnetic resonance imaging conditioned DIP (MR-DIP). We evaluated LM-DIPRecon using both simulation and clinical data, and it achieved sharper images and better tradeoff curves between contrast and noise than the LM-DRAMA and MR-DIP. These results indicated that the LM-DIPRecon is useful for quantitative PET imaging with limited events. In addition, as list data has finer temporal information than dynamic sinograms, list-mode deep image prior reconstruction is expected to be useful for 4D PET imaging and motion correction.      
### 52.Continual Learning with Bayesian Model based on a Fixed Pre-trained Feature Extractor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13349.pdf)
>  Deep learning has shown its human-level performance in various applications. However, current deep learning models are characterised by catastrophic forgetting of old knowledge when learning new classes. This poses a challenge particularly in intelligent diagnosis systems where initially only training data of a limited number of diseases are available. In this case, updating the intelligent system with data of new diseases would inevitably downgrade its performance on previously learned diseases. Inspired by the process of learning new knowledge in human brains, we propose a Bayesian generative model for continual learning built on a fixed pre-trained feature extractor. In this model, knowledge of each old class can be compactly represented by a collection of statistical distributions, e.g. with Gaussian mixture models, and naturally kept from forgetting in continual learning over time. Unlike existing class-incremental learning methods, the proposed approach is not sensitive to the continual learning process and can be additionally well applied to the data-incremental learning scenario. Experiments on multiple medical and natural image classification tasks showed that the proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-art approaches which even keep some images of old classes during continual learning of new classes.      
### 53.BAGNet: Bidirectional Aware Guidance Network for Malignant Breast lesions Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13342.pdf)
>  Breast lesions segmentation is an important step of computer-aided diagnosis system, and it has attracted much attention. However, accurate segmentation of malignant breast lesions is a challenging task due to the effects of heterogeneous structure and similar intensity distributions. In this paper, a novel bidirectional aware guidance network (BAGNet) is proposed to segment the malignant lesion from breast ultrasound images. Specifically, the bidirectional aware guidance network is used to capture the context between global (low-level) and local (high-level) features from the input coarse saliency map. The introduction of the global feature map can reduce the interference of surrounding tissue (background) on the lesion regions. To evaluate the segmentation performance of the network, we compared with several state-of-the-art medical image segmentation methods on the public breast ultrasound dataset using six commonly used evaluation metrics. Extensive experimental results indicate that our method achieves the most competitive segmentation results on malignant breast ultrasound images.      
### 54.Resource-efficient domain adaptive pre-training for medical images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13280.pdf)
>  The deep learning-based analysis of medical images suffers from data scarcity because of high annotation costs and privacy concerns. Researchers in this domain have used transfer learning to avoid overfitting when using complex architectures. However, the domain differences between pre-training and downstream data hamper the performance of the downstream task. Some recent studies have successfully used domain-adaptive pre-training (DAPT) to address this issue. In DAPT, models are initialized with the generic dataset pre-trained weights, and further pre-training is performed using a moderately sized in-domain dataset (medical images). Although this technique achieved good results for the downstream tasks in terms of accuracy and robustness, it is computationally expensive even when the datasets for DAPT are moderately sized. These compute-intensive techniques and models impact the environment negatively and create an uneven playing field for researchers with limited resources. This study proposed computationally efficient DAPT without compromising the downstream accuracy and robustness. This study proposes three techniques for this purpose, where the first (partial DAPT) performs DAPT on a subset of layers. The second one adopts a hybrid strategy (hybrid DAPT) by performing partial DAPT for a few epochs and then full DAPT for the remaining epochs. The third technique performs DAPT on simplified variants of the base architecture. The results showed that compared to the standard DAPT (full DAPT), the hybrid DAPT technique achieved better performance on the development and external datasets. In contrast, simplified architectures (after DAPT) achieved the best robustness while achieving modest performance on the development dataset .      
### 55.Adversarial Fine-tune with Dynamically Regulated Adversary  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13232.pdf)
>  Adversarial training is an effective method to boost model robustness to malicious, adversarial attacks. However, such improvement in model robustness often leads to a significant sacrifice of standard performance on clean images. In many real-world applications such as health diagnosis and autonomous surgical robotics, the standard performance is more valued over model robustness against such extremely malicious attacks. This leads to the question: To what extent we can boost model robustness without sacrificing standard performance? This work tackles this problem and proposes a simple yet effective transfer learning-based adversarial training strategy that disentangles the negative effects of adversarial samples on model's standard performance. In addition, we introduce a training-friendly adversarial attack algorithm, which facilitates the boost of adversarial robustness without introducing significant training complexity. Extensive experimentation indicates that the proposed method outperforms previous adversarial training algorithms towards the target: to improve model robustness while preserving model's standard performance on clean data.      
### 56.Interpretable Graph Convolutional Network of Multi-Modality Brain Imaging for Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13188.pdf)
>  Identification of brain regions related to the specific neurological disorders are of great importance for biomarker and diagnostic studies. In this paper, we propose an interpretable Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) framework for the identification and classification of Alzheimer's disease (AD) using multi-modality brain imaging data. Specifically, we extended the Gradient Class Activation Mapping (Grad-CAM) technique to quantify the most discriminative features identified by GCN from brain connectivity patterns. We then utilized them to find signature regions of interest (ROIs) by detecting the difference of features between regions in healthy control (HC), mild cognitive impairment (MCI), and AD groups. We conducted the experiments on the ADNI database with imaging data from three modalities, including VBM-MRI, FDG-PET, and AV45-PET, and showed that the ROI features learned by our method were effective for enhancing the performances of both clinical score prediction and disease status identification. It also successfully identified biomarkers associated with AD and MCI.      
### 57.Minimizing Client Drift in Federated Learning via Adaptive Bias Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13170.pdf)
>  In Federated Learning a number of clients collaborate to train a model without sharing their data. Client models are optimized locally and are communicated through a central hub called server. A major challenge is to deal with heterogeneity among clients' data which causes the local optimization to drift away with respect to the global objective. In order to estimate and therefore remove this drift, variance reduction techniques have been incorporated into Federated Learning optimization recently. However, the existing solutions propagate the error of their estimations, throughout the optimization trajectory which leads to inaccurate approximations of the clients' drift and ultimately failure to remove them properly. In this paper, we address this issue by introducing an adaptive algorithm that efficiently reduces clients' drift. Compared to the previous works on adapting variance reduction to Federated Learning, our approach uses less or the same level of communication bandwidth, computation or memory. Additionally, it addresses the instability problem--prevalent in prior work, caused by increasing norm of the estimates which makes our approach a much more practical solution for large scale Federated Learning settings. Our experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm converges significantly faster and achieves higher accuracy compared to the baselines in an extensive set of Federated Learning benchmarks.      
