# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 14 Apr 2022
### 1.Controllable Video Generation through Global and Local Motion Dynamics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06558.pdf)
>  We present GLASS, a method for Global and Local Action-driven Sequence Synthesis. GLASS is a generative model that is trained on video sequences in an unsupervised manner and that can animate an input image at test time. The method learns to segment frames into foreground-background layers and to generate transitions of the foregrounds over time through a global and local action representation. Global actions are explicitly related to 2D shifts, while local actions are instead related to (both geometric and photometric) local deformations. GLASS uses a recurrent neural network to transition between frames and is trained through a reconstruction loss. We also introduce W-Sprites (Walking Sprites), a novel synthetic dataset with a predefined action space. We evaluate our method on both W-Sprites and real datasets, and find that GLASS is able to generate realistic video sequences from a single input image and to successfully learn a more advanced action space than in prior work.      
### 2.Neural Vector Fields for Surface Representation and Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06552.pdf)
>  Neural implicit fields have recently been shown to represent 3D shapes accurately, opening up various applications in 3D shape analysis. Up to now, such implicit fields for 3D representation are scalar, encoding the signed distance or binary volume occupancy and more recently the unsigned distance. However, the first two can only represent closed shapes, while the unsigned distance has difficulties in accurate and fast shape inference. In this paper, we propose a Neural Vector Field for shape representation in order to overcome the two aforementioned problems. Mapping each point in space to the direction towards the closest surface, we can represent any type of shape. Similarly the shape mesh can be reconstructed by applying the marching cubes algorithm, with proposed small changes, on top of the inferred vector field. We compare the method on ShapeNet where the proposed new neural implicit field shows superior accuracy in representing both closed and open shapes outperforming previous methods.      
### 3.A9-Dataset: Multi-Sensor Infrastructure-Based Dataset for Mobility Research  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06527.pdf)
>  Data-intensive machine learning based techniques increasingly play a prominent role in the development of future mobility solutions - from driver assistance and automation functions in vehicles, to real-time traffic management systems realized through dedicated infrastructure. The availability of high quality real-world data is often an important prerequisite for the development and reliable deployment of such systems in large scale. Towards this endeavour, we present the A9-Dataset based on roadside sensor infrastructure from the 3 km long Providentia++ test field near Munich in Germany. The dataset includes anonymized and precision-timestamped multi-modal sensor and object data in high resolution, covering a variety of traffic situations. As part of the first set of data, which we describe in this paper, we provide camera and LiDAR frames from two overhead gantry bridges on the A9 autobahn with the corresponding objects labeled with 3D bounding boxes. The first set includes in total more than 1000 sensor frames and 14000 traffic objects. The dataset is available for download at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://a9-dataset.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Does depth estimation help object detection?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06512.pdf)
>  Ground-truth depth, when combined with color data, helps improve object detection accuracy over baseline models that only use color. However, estimated depth does not always yield improvements. Many factors affect the performance of object detection when estimated depth is used. In this paper, we comprehensively investigate these factors with detailed experiments, such as using ground-truth vs. estimated depth, effects of different state-of-the-art depth estimation networks, effects of using different indoor and outdoor RGB-D datasets as training data for depth estimation, and different architectural choices for integrating depth to the base object detector network. We propose an early concatenation strategy of depth, which yields higher mAP than previous works' while using significantly fewer parameters.      
### 5.SpoofGAN: Synthetic Fingerprint Spoof Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06498.pdf)
>  A major limitation to advances in fingerprint spoof detection is the lack of publicly available, large-scale fingerprint spoof datasets, a problem which has been compounded by increased concerns surrounding privacy and security of biometric data. Furthermore, most state-of-the-art spoof detection algorithms rely on deep networks which perform best in the presence of a large amount of training data. This work aims to demonstrate the utility of synthetic (both live and spoof) fingerprints in supplying these algorithms with sufficient data to improve the performance of fingerprint spoof detection algorithms beyond the capabilities when training on a limited amount of publicly available real datasets. First, we provide details of our approach in modifying a state-of-the-art generative architecture to synthesize high quality live and spoof fingerprints. Then, we provide quantitative and qualitative analysis to verify the quality of our synthetic fingerprints in mimicking the distribution of real data samples. We showcase the utility of our synthetic live and spoof fingerprints in training a deep network for fingerprint spoof detection, which dramatically boosts the performance across three different evaluation datasets compared to an identical model trained on real data alone. Finally, we demonstrate that only 25% of the original (real) dataset is required to obtain similar detection performance when augmenting the training dataset with synthetic data.      
### 6.DMCNet: Diversified Model Combination Network for Understanding Engagement from Video Screengrabs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06454.pdf)
>  Engagement is an essential indicator of the Quality-of-Learning Experience (QoLE) and plays a major role in developing intelligent educational interfaces. The number of people learning through Massively Open Online Courses (MOOCs) and other online resources has been increasing rapidly because they provide us with the flexibility to learn from anywhere at any time. This provides a good learning experience for the students. However, such learning interface requires the ability to recognize the level of engagement of the students for a holistic learning experience. This is useful for both students and educators alike. However, understanding engagement is a challenging task, because of its subjectivity and ability to collect data. In this paper, we propose a variety of models that have been trained on an open-source dataset of video screengrabs. Our non-deep learning models are based on the combination of popular algorithms such as Histogram of Oriented Gradient (HOG), Support Vector Machine (SVM), Scale Invariant Feature Transform (SIFT) and Speeded Up Robust Features (SURF). The deep learning methods include Densely Connected Convolutional Networks (DenseNet-121), Residual Network (ResNet-18) and MobileNetV1. We show the performance of each models using a variety of metrics such as the Gini Index, Adjusted F-Measure (AGF), and Area Under receiver operating characteristic Curve (AUC). We use various dimensionality reduction techniques such as Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and t-Distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE) to understand the distribution of data in the feature sub-space. Our work will thereby assist the educators and students in obtaining a fruitful and efficient online learning experience.      
### 7.Deep learning based automatic detection of offshore oil slicks using SAR data and contextual information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06371.pdf)
>  Ocean surface monitoring, especially oil slick detection, has become mandatory due to its importance for oil exploration and risk prevention on ecosystems. For years, the detection task has been performed manually by photo-interpreters using Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) images with the help of contextual data such as wind. This tedious manual work cannot handle the increasing amount of data collected by the available sensors and thus requires automation. Literature reports conventional and semi-automated detection methods that generally focus either on oil slicks originating from anthropogenic (spills) or natural (seeps) sources on limited data collections. As an extension, this paper presents the automation of offshore oil slicks on an extensive database with both kinds of slicks. It builds upon the slick annotations of specialized photo-interpreters on Sentinel-1 SAR data for 4 years over 3 exploration and monitoring areas worldwide. All the considered SAR images and related annotation relate to real oil slick monitoring scenarios. Further, wind estimation is systematically computed to enrich the data collection. Paper contributions are the following : (i) a performance comparison of two deep learning approaches: semantic segmentation using FC-DenseNet and instance segmentation using Mask-RCNN. (ii) the introduction of meteorological information (wind speed) is deemed valuable for oil slick detection in the performance evaluation. The main results of this study show the effectiveness of slick detection by deep learning approaches, in particular FC-DenseNet, which captures more than 92% of oil instances in our test set. Furthermore, a strong correlation between model performances and contextual information such as slick size and wind speed is demonstrated in the performance evaluation. This work opens perspectives to design models that can fuse SAR and wind information to reduce the false alarm rate.      
### 8.Mitigating Bias in Facial Analysis Systems by Incorporating Label Diversity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06364.pdf)
>  Facial analysis models are increasingly applied in real-world applications that have significant impact on peoples' lives. However, as previously shown, models that automatically classify facial attributes might exhibit algorithmic discrimination behavior with respect to protected groups, potentially posing negative impacts on individuals and society. It is therefore critical to develop techniques that can mitigate unintended biases in facial classifiers. Hence, in this work, we introduce a novel learning method that combines both subjective human-based labels and objective annotations based on mathematical definitions of facial traits. Specifically, we generate new objective annotations from a large-scale human-annotated dataset, each capturing a different perspective of the analyzed facial trait. We then propose an ensemble learning method, which combines individual models trained on different types of annotations. We provide an in-depth analysis of the annotation procedure as well as the dataset distribution. Moreover, we empirically demonstrate that, by incorporating label diversity, and without additional synthetic images, our method successfully mitigates unintended biases, while maintaining significant accuracy on the downstream task.      
### 9.Transparent Shape from Single Polarization Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06331.pdf)
>  This paper presents a data-driven approach for transparent shape from polarization. Due to the inherent high transmittance, the previous shape from polarization(SfP) methods based on specular reflection model have difficulty in estimating transparent shape, and the lack of datasets for transparent SfP also limits the application of the data-driven approach. Hence, we construct the transparent SfP dataset which consists of both synthetic and real-world datasets. To determine the reliability of the physics-based reflection model, we define the physics-based prior confidence by exploiting the inherent fault of polarization information, then we propose a multi-branch fusion network to embed the confidence. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms other SfP methods. Compared with the previous method, the mean and median angular error of our approach are reduced from $19.00^\circ$ and $14.91^\circ$ to $16.72^\circ$ and $13.36^\circ$, and the accuracy $11.25^\circ, 22.5^\circ, 30^\circ$ are improved from $38.36\%, 77.36\%, 87.48\%$ to $45.51\%, 78.86\%, 89.98\%$, respectively.      
### 10.Recognition of Freely Selected Keypoints on Human Limbs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06326.pdf)
>  Nearly all Human Pose Estimation (HPE) datasets consist of a fixed set of keypoints. Standard HPE models trained on such datasets can only detect these keypoints. If more points are desired, they have to be manually annotated and the model needs to be retrained. Our approach leverages the Vision Transformer architecture to extend the capability of the model to detect arbitrary keypoints on the limbs of persons. We propose two different approaches to encode the desired keypoints. (1) Each keypoint is defined by its position along the line between the two enclosing keypoints from the fixed set and its relative distance between this line and the edge of the limb. (2) Keypoints are defined as coordinates on a norm pose. Both approaches are based on the TokenPose architecture, while the keypoint tokens that correspond to the fixed keypoints are replaced with our novel module. Experiments show that our approaches achieve similar results to TokenPose on the fixed keypoints and are capable of detecting arbitrary keypoints on the limbs.      
### 11.Multi-View Consistent Generative Adversarial Networks for 3D-aware Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06307.pdf)
>  3D-aware image synthesis aims to generate images of objects from multiple views by learning a 3D representation. However, one key challenge remains: existing approaches lack geometry constraints, hence usually fail to generate multi-view consistent images. To address this challenge, we propose Multi-View Consistent Generative Adversarial Networks (MVCGAN) for high-quality 3D-aware image synthesis with geometry constraints. By leveraging the underlying 3D geometry information of generated images, i.e., depth and camera transformation matrix, we explicitly establish stereo correspondence between views to perform multi-view joint optimization. In particular, we enforce the photometric consistency between pairs of views and integrate a stereo mixup mechanism into the training process, encouraging the model to reason about the correct 3D shape. Besides, we design a two-stage training strategy with feature-level multi-view joint optimization to improve the image quality. Extensive experiments on three datasets demonstrate that MVCGAN achieves the state-of-the-art performance for 3D-aware image synthesis.      
### 12.Active Diffusion and VCA-Assisted Image Segmentation of Hyperspectral Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06298.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral images encode rich structure that can be exploited for material discrimination by machine learning algorithms. This article introduces the Active Diffusion and VCA-Assisted Image Segmentation (ADVIS) for active material discrimination. ADVIS selects high-purity, high-density pixels that are far in diffusion distance (a data-dependent metric) from other high-purity, high-density pixels in the hyperspectral image. The ground truth labels of these pixels are queried and propagated to the rest of the image. The ADVIS active learning algorithm is shown to strongly outperform its fully unsupervised clustering algorithm counterpart, suggesting that the incorporation of a very small number of carefully-selected ground truth labels can result in substantially superior material discrimination in hyperspectral images.      
### 13.Reuse your features: unifying retrieval and feature-metric alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06292.pdf)
>  We propose a compact pipeline to unify all the steps of Visual Localization: image retrieval, candidate re-ranking and initial pose estimation, and camera pose refinement. Our key assumption is that the deep features used for these individual tasks share common characteristics, so we should reuse them in all the procedures of the pipeline. Our DRAN (Deep Retrieval and image Alignment Network) is able to extract global descriptors for efficient image retrieval, use intermediate hierarchical features to re-rank the retrieval list and produce an intial pose guess, which is finally refined by means of a feature-metric optimization based on learned deep multi-scale dense features. DRAN is the first single network able to produce the features for the three steps of visual localization. DRAN achieves a competitive performance in terms of robustness and accuracy specially in extreme day-night changes.      
### 14.Assessing cloudiness in nonwovens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06275.pdf)
>  The homogeneity of filter media is important for material selection and quality control, along with the specific weight (nominal grammage) and the distribution of the local weight. Cloudiness or formation is a concept used to describe deviations from homogeneity in filter media. We suggest to derive the cloudiness index from the power spectrum of the relative local areal weight, integrated over a selected frequency range. The power spectrum captures the energy density in a broad spectral range. Moreover, under certain conditions, the structure of a nonwoven is fully characterized by the areal weight, the variance of the local areal weight, and the power spectrum. Consequently, the power spectrum is the parameter that exclusively reflects the cloudiness. Here, we address questions arising from practical application. The most prominent is the choice of the spectral band. It certainly depends on the characteristic "size of the clouds", but is limited by the size and lateral resolution of the images. We show that the cloudiness index based on the power spectrum of the relative local areal weight is theoretically well founded and can be robustly measured from image data. Choosing the spectral band allows to capture the cloudiness either visually perceived or found to be decisive for product properties. It is thus well suited to build a technical standard on it.      
### 15.3D-SPS: Single-Stage 3D Visual Grounding via Referred Point Progressive Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06272.pdf)
>  3D visual grounding aims to locate the referred target object in 3D point cloud scenes according to a free-form language description. Previous methods mostly follow a two-stage paradigm, i.e., language-irrelevant detection and cross-modal matching, which is limited by the isolated architecture. In such a paradigm, the detector needs to sample keypoints from raw point clouds due to the inherent properties of 3D point clouds (irregular and large-scale), to generate the corresponding object proposal for each keypoint. However, sparse proposals may leave out the target in detection, while dense proposals may confuse the matching model. Moreover, the language-irrelevant detection stage can only sample a small proportion of keypoints on the target, deteriorating the target prediction. In this paper, we propose a 3D Single-Stage Referred Point Progressive Selection (3D-SPS) method, which progressively selects keypoints with the guidance of language and directly locates the target. Specifically, we propose a Description-aware Keypoint Sampling (DKS) module to coarsely focus on the points of language-relevant objects, which are significant clues for grounding. Besides, we devise a Target-oriented Progressive Mining (TPM) module to finely concentrate on the points of the target, which is enabled by progressive intra-modal relation modeling and inter-modal target mining. 3D-SPS bridges the gap between detection and matching in the 3D visual grounding task, localizing the target at a single stage. Experiments demonstrate that 3D-SPS achieves state-of-the-art performance on both ScanRefer and Nr3D/Sr3D datasets.      
### 16.Rapid model transfer for medical image segmentation via iterative human-in-the-loop update: from labelled public to unlabelled clinical datasets for multi-organ segmentation in CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06243.pdf)
>  Despite the remarkable success on medical image analysis with deep learning, it is still under exploration regarding how to rapidly transfer AI models from one dataset to another for clinical applications. This paper presents a novel and generic human-in-the-loop scheme for efficiently transferring a segmentation model from a small-scale labelled dataset to a larger-scale unlabelled dataset for multi-organ segmentation in CT. To achieve this, we propose to use an igniter network which can learn from a small-scale labelled dataset and generate coarse annotations to start the process of human-machine interaction. Then, we use a sustainer network for our larger-scale dataset, and iteratively updated it on the new annotated data. Moreover, we propose a flexible labelling strategy for the annotator to reduce the initial annotation workload. The model performance and the time cost of annotation in each subject evaluated on our private dataset are reported and analysed. The results show that our scheme can not only improve the performance by 19.7% on Dice, but also expedite the cost time of manual labelling from 13.87 min to 1.51 min per CT volume during the model transfer, demonstrating the clinical usefulness with promising potentials.      
### 17.Do You Really Mean That? Content Driven Audio-Visual Deepfake Dataset and Multimodal Method for Temporal Forgery Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06228.pdf)
>  Due to its high societal impact, deepfake detection is getting active attention in the computer vision community. Most deepfake detection methods rely on identity, facial attribute and adversarial perturbation based spatio-temporal modifications at the whole video or random locations, while keeping the meaning of the content intact. However, a sophisticated deepfake may contain only a small segment of video/audio manipulation, through which the meaning of the content can be, for example, completely inverted from sentiment perspective. To address this gap, we introduce a content driven audio-visual deepfake dataset, termed as Localized Audio Visual DeepFake (LAV-DF), explicitly designed for the task of learning temporal forgery localization. Specifically, the content driven audio-visual manipulations are performed at strategic locations in order to change the sentiment polarity of the whole video. Our baseline method for benchmarking the proposed dataset is a 3DCNN model, termed as Boundary Aware Temporal Forgery Detection (BA-TFD), which is guided via contrastive, boundary matching and frame classification loss functions. Our extensive quantitative analysis demonstrates the strong performance of the proposed method for both task of temporal forgery localization and deepfake detection.      
### 18.Context-based Deep Learning Architecture with Optimal Integration Layer for Image Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06214.pdf)
>  Deep learning models have been efficient lately on image parsing tasks. However, deep learning models are not fully capable of exploiting visual and contextual information simultaneously. The proposed three-layer context-based deep architecture is capable of integrating context explicitly with visual information. The novel idea here is to have a visual layer to learn visual characteristics from binary class-based learners, a contextual layer to learn context, and then an integration layer to learn from both via genetic algorithm-based optimal fusion to produce a final decision. The experimental outcomes when evaluated on benchmark datasets are promising. Further analysis shows that optimized network weights can improve performance and make stable predictions.      
### 19.Defensive Patches for Robust Recognition in the Physical World  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06213.pdf)
>  To operate in real-world high-stakes environments, deep learning systems have to endure noises that have been continuously thwarting their robustness. Data-end defense, which improves robustness by operations on input data instead of modifying models, has attracted intensive attention due to its feasibility in practice. However, previous data-end defenses show low generalization against diverse noises and weak transferability across multiple models. Motivated by the fact that robust recognition depends on both local and global features, we propose a defensive patch generation framework to address these problems by helping models better exploit these features. For the generalization against diverse noises, we inject class-specific identifiable patterns into a confined local patch prior, so that defensive patches could preserve more recognizable features towards specific classes, leading models for better recognition under noises. For the transferability across multiple models, we guide the defensive patches to capture more global feature correlations within a class, so that they could activate model-shared global perceptions and transfer better among models. Our defensive patches show great potentials to improve application robustness in practice by simply sticking them around target objects. Extensive experiments show that we outperform others by large margins (improve 20+\% accuracy for both adversarial and corruption robustness on average in the digital and physical world). Our codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nlsde-safety-team/DefensivePatch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 20.5G Features and Standards for Vehicle Data Exploitation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06211.pdf)
>  Cars capture and generate huge volumes of data in real-time about the driving dynamics, the environment, and the driver and passengers' activities. Due to the proliferation of cooperative, connected and automated mobility (CCAM), the value of data from vehicles is getting strategic, not just for the automotive industry, but also for many diverse stakeholders including small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and start-ups. 5G can enable car-captured data to feed innovative applications and services deployed in the cloud ensuring lower latency and higher throughput than previous cellular technologies. This paper identifies and discusses the relevance of the main 5G features that can contribute to a scalable, flexible, reliable and secure data pipeline, pointing to the standards and technical reports that specify their implementation.      
### 21.Deep Learning Model with GA based Feature Selection and Context Integration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06189.pdf)
>  Deep learning models have been very successful in computer vision and image processing applications. Since its inception, Many top-performing methods for image segmentation are based on deep CNN models. However, deep CNN models fail to integrate global and local context alongside visual features despite having complex multi-layer architectures. We propose a novel three-layered deep learning model that assiminlate or learns independently global and local contextual information alongside visual features. The novelty of the proposed model is that One-vs-All binary class-based learners are introduced to learn Genetic Algorithm (GA) optimized features in the visual layer, followed by the contextual layer that learns global and local contexts of an image, and finally the third layer integrates all the information optimally to obtain the final class label. Stanford Background and CamVid benchmark image parsing datasets were used for our model evaluation, and our model shows promising results. The empirical analysis reveals that optimized visual features with global and local contextual information play a significant role to improve accuracy and produce stable predictions comparable to state-of-the-art deep CNN models.      
### 22.Calibrating Class Weights with Multi-Modal Information for Partial Video Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06187.pdf)
>  Assuming the source label space subsumes the target one, Partial Video Domain Adaptation (PVDA) is a more general and practical scenario for cross-domain video classification problems. The key challenge of PVDA is to mitigate the negative transfer caused by the source-only outlier classes. To tackle this challenge, a crucial step is to aggregate target predictions to assign class weights by up-weighing target classes and down-weighing outlier classes. However, the incorrect predictions of class weights can mislead the network and lead to negative transfer. Previous works improve the class weight accuracy by utilizing temporal features and attention mechanisms, but these methods may fall short when trying to generate accurate class weight when domain shifts are significant, as in most real-world scenarios. To deal with these challenges, we propose the Multi-modality Cluster-calibrated partial Adversarial Network (MCAN). MCAN enhances video feature extraction with multi-modal features from multiple temporal scales to form more robust overall features. It utilizes a novel class weight calibration method to alleviate the negative transfer caused by incorrect class weights. The calibration method tries to identify and weigh correct and incorrect predictions using distributional information implied by unsupervised clustering. Extensive experiments are conducted on prevailing PVDA benchmarks, and the proposed MCAN achieves significant improvements when compared to state-of-the-art PVDA methods.      
### 23.COAP: Compositional Articulated Occupancy of People  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06184.pdf)
>  We present a novel neural implicit representation for articulated human bodies. Compared to explicit template meshes, neural implicit body representations provide an efficient mechanism for modeling interactions with the environment, which is essential for human motion reconstruction and synthesis in 3D scenes. However, existing neural implicit bodies suffer from either poor generalization on highly articulated poses or slow inference time. In this work, we observe that prior knowledge about the human body's shape and kinematic structure can be leveraged to improve generalization and efficiency. We decompose the full-body geometry into local body parts and employ a part-aware encoder-decoder architecture to learn neural articulated occupancy that models complex deformations locally. Our local shape encoder represents the body deformation of not only the corresponding body part but also the neighboring body parts. The decoder incorporates the geometric constraints of local body shape which significantly improves pose generalization. We demonstrate that our model is suitable for resolving self-intersections and collisions with 3D environments. Quantitative and qualitative experiments show that our method largely outperforms existing solutions in terms of both efficiency and accuracy. The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://neuralbodies.github.io/COAP/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 24.Dynamic Neural Textures: Generating Talking-Face Videos with Continuously Controllable Expressions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06180.pdf)
>  Recently, talking-face video generation has received considerable attention. So far most methods generate results with neutral expressions or expressions that are implicitly determined by neural networks in an uncontrollable way. In this paper, we propose a method to generate talking-face videos with continuously controllable expressions in real-time. Our method is based on an important observation: In contrast to facial geometry of moderate resolution, most expression information lies in textures. Then we make use of neural textures to generate high-quality talking face videos and design a novel neural network that can generate neural textures for image frames (which we called dynamic neural textures) based on the input expression and continuous intensity expression coding (CIEC). Our method uses 3DMM as a 3D model to sample the dynamic neural texture. The 3DMM does not cover the teeth area, so we propose a teeth submodule to complete the details in teeth. Results and an ablation study show the effectiveness of our method in generating high-quality talking-face videos with continuously controllable expressions. We also set up four baseline methods by combining existing representative methods and compare them with our method. Experimental results including a user study show that our method has the best performance.      
### 25.Neural Texture Extraction and Distribution for Controllable Person Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06160.pdf)
>  We deal with the controllable person image synthesis task which aims to re-render a human from a reference image with explicit control over body pose and appearance. Observing that person images are highly structured, we propose to generate desired images by extracting and distributing semantic entities of reference images. To achieve this goal, a neural texture extraction and distribution operation based on double attention is described. This operation first extracts semantic neural textures from reference feature maps. Then, it distributes the extracted neural textures according to the spatial distributions learned from target poses. Our model is trained to predict human images in arbitrary poses, which encourages it to extract disentangled and expressive neural textures representing the appearance of different semantic entities. The disentangled representation further enables explicit appearance control. Neural textures of different reference images can be fused to control the appearance of the interested areas. Experimental comparisons show the superiority of the proposed model. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RenYurui/Neural-Texture-Extraction-Distribution" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Hierarchical Text-Conditional Image Generation with CLIP Latents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06125.pdf)
>  Contrastive models like CLIP have been shown to learn robust representations of images that capture both semantics and style. To leverage these representations for image generation, we propose a two-stage model: a prior that generates a CLIP image embedding given a text caption, and a decoder that generates an image conditioned on the image embedding. We show that explicitly generating image representations improves image diversity with minimal loss in photorealism and caption similarity. Our decoders conditioned on image representations can also produce variations of an image that preserve both its semantics and style, while varying the non-essential details absent from the image representation. Moreover, the joint embedding space of CLIP enables language-guided image manipulations in a zero-shot fashion. We use diffusion models for the decoder and experiment with both autoregressive and diffusion models for the prior, finding that the latter are computationally more efficient and produce higher-quality samples.      
### 27.Baseline Computation for Attribution Methods Based on Interpolated Inputs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06120.pdf)
>  We discuss a way to find a well behaved baseline for attribution methods that work by feeding a neural network with a sequence of interpolated inputs between two given inputs. Then, we test it with our novel Riemann-Stieltjes Integrated Gradient-weighted Class Activation Mapping (RSI-Grad-CAM) attribution method.      
### 28.Open-World Instance Segmentation: Exploiting Pseudo Ground Truth From Learned Pairwise Affinity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06107.pdf)
>  Open-world instance segmentation is the task of grouping pixels into object instances without any pre-determined taxonomy. This is challenging, as state-of-the-art methods rely on explicit class semantics obtained from large labeled datasets, and out-of-domain evaluation performance drops significantly. Here we propose a novel approach for mask proposals, Generic Grouping Networks (GGNs), constructed without semantic supervision. Our approach combines a local measure of pixel affinity with instance-level mask supervision, producing a training regimen designed to make the model as generic as the data diversity allows. We introduce a method for predicting Pairwise Affinities (PA), a learned local relationship between pairs of pixels. PA generalizes very well to unseen categories. From PA we construct a large set of pseudo-ground-truth instance masks; combined with human-annotated instance masks we train GGNs and significantly outperform the SOTA on open-world instance segmentation on various benchmarks including COCO, LVIS, ADE20K, and UVO. Code is available on project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/generic-grouping/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.AGQA 2.0: An Updated Benchmark for Compositional Spatio-Temporal Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06105.pdf)
>  Prior benchmarks have analyzed models' answers to questions about videos in order to measure visual compositional reasoning. Action Genome Question Answering (AGQA) is one such benchmark. AGQA provides a training/test split with balanced answer distributions to reduce the effect of linguistic biases. However, some biases remain in several AGQA categories. We introduce AGQA 2.0, a version of this benchmark with several improvements, most namely a stricter balancing procedure. We then report results on the updated benchmark for all experiments.      
### 30.Out-of-distribution Detection with Deep Nearest Neighbors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06507.pdf)
>  Out-of-distribution (OOD) detection is a critical task for deploying machine learning models in the open world. Distance-based methods have demonstrated promise, where testing samples are detected as OOD if they are relatively far away from in-distribution (ID) data. However, prior methods impose a strong distributional assumption of the underlying feature space, which may not always hold. In this paper, we explore the efficacy of non-parametric nearest-neighbor distance for OOD detection, which has been largely overlooked in the literature. Unlike prior works, our method does not impose any distributional assumption, hence providing stronger flexibility and generality. We demonstrate the effectiveness of nearest-neighbor-based OOD detection on several benchmarks and establish superior performance. Under the same model trained on ImageNet-1k, our method substantially reduces the false positive rate (FPR@TPR95) by 24.77% compared to a strong baseline SSD+, which uses a parametric approach Mahalanobis distance in detection.      
### 31.DL4SciVis: A State-of-the-Art Survey on Deep Learning for Scientific Visualization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06504.pdf)
>  Since 2016, we have witnessed the tremendous growth of artificial intelligence+visualization (AI+VIS) research. However, existing survey papers on AI+VIS focus on visual analytics and information visualization, not scientific visualization (SciVis). In this paper, we survey related deep learning (DL) works in SciVis, specifically in the direction of DL4SciVis: designing DL solutions for solving SciVis problems. To stay focused, we primarily consider works that handle scalar and vector field data but exclude mesh data. We classify and discuss these works along six dimensions: domain setting, research task, learning type, network architecture, loss function, and evaluation metric. The paper concludes with a discussion of the remaining gaps to fill along the discussed dimensions and the grand challenges we need to tackle as a community. This state-of-the-art survey guides SciVis researchers in gaining an overview of this emerging topic and points out future directions to grow this research.      
### 32.WSSS4LUAD: Grand Challenge on Weakly-supervised Tissue Semantic Segmentation for Lung Adenocarcinoma  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06455.pdf)
>  Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death worldwide, and adenocarcinoma (LUAD) is the most common subtype. Exploiting the potential value of the histopathology images can promote precision medicine in oncology. Tissue segmentation is the basic upstream task of histopathology image analysis. Existing deep learning models have achieved superior segmentation performance but require sufficient pixel-level annotations, which is time-consuming and expensive. To enrich the label resources of LUAD and to alleviate the annotation efforts, we organize this challenge WSSS4LUAD to call for the outstanding weakly-supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) techniques for histopathology images of LUAD. Participants have to design the algorithm to segment tumor epithelial, tumor-associated stroma and normal tissue with only patch-level labels. This challenge includes 10,091 patch-level annotations (the training set) and over 130 million labeled pixels (the validation and test sets), from 87 WSIs (67 from GDPH, 20 from TCGA). All the labels were generated by a pathologist-in-the-loop pipeline with the help of AI models and checked by the label review board. Among 532 registrations, 28 teams submitted the results in the test phase with over 1,000 submissions. Finally, the first place team achieved mIoU of 0.8413 (tumor: 0.8389, stroma: 0.7931, normal: 0.8919). According to the technical reports of the top-tier teams, CAM is still the most popular approach in WSSS. Cutmix data augmentation has been widely adopted to generate more reliable samples. With the success of this challenge, we believe that WSSS approaches with patch-level annotations can be a complement to the traditional pixel annotations while reducing the annotation efforts. The entire dataset has been released to encourage more researches on computational pathology in LUAD and more novel WSSS techniques.      
### 33.Receding Neuron Importances for Structured Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06404.pdf)
>  Structured pruning efficiently compresses networks by identifying and removing unimportant neurons. While this can be elegantly achieved by applying sparsity-inducing regularisation on BatchNorm parameters, an L1 penalty would shrink all scaling factors rather than just those of superfluous neurons. To tackle this issue, we introduce a simple BatchNorm variation with bounded scaling parameters, based on which we design a novel regularisation term that suppresses only neurons with low importance. Under our method, the weights of unnecessary neurons effectively recede, producing a polarised bimodal distribution of importances. We show that neural networks trained this way can be pruned to a larger extent and with less deterioration. We one-shot prune VGG and ResNet architectures at different ratios on CIFAR and ImagenNet datasets. In the case of VGG-style networks, our method significantly outperforms existing approaches particularly under a severe pruning regime.      
### 34.Deep Learning-based Framework for Automatic Cranial Defect Reconstruction and Implant Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06310.pdf)
>  The goal of this work is to propose a robust, fast, and fully automatic method for personalized cranial defect reconstruction and implant modeling. <br>We propose a two-step deep learning-based method using a modified U-Net architecture to perform the defect reconstruction, and a dedicated iterative procedure to improve the implant geometry, followed by automatic generation of models ready for 3-D printing. We propose a cross-case augmentation based on imperfect image registration combining cases from different datasets. We perform ablation studies regarding different augmentation strategies and compare them to other state-of-the-art methods. <br>We evaluate the method on three datasets introduced during the AutoImplant 2021 challenge, organized jointly with the MICCAI conference. We perform the quantitative evaluation using the Dice and boundary Dice coefficients, and the Hausdorff distance. The average Dice coefficient, boundary Dice coefficient, and the 95th percentile of Hausdorff distance are 0.91, 0.94, and 1.53 mm respectively. We perform an additional qualitative evaluation by 3-D printing and visualization in mixed reality to confirm the implant's usefulness. <br>We propose a complete pipeline that enables one to create the cranial implant model ready for 3-D printing. The described method is a greatly extended version of the method that scored 1st place in all AutoImplant 2021 challenge tasks. We freely release the source code, that together with the open datasets, makes the results fully reproducible. The automatic reconstruction of cranial defects may enable manufacturing personalized implants in a significantly shorter time, possibly allowing one to perform the 3-D printing process directly during a given intervention. Moreover, we show the usability of the defect reconstruction in mixed reality that may further reduce the surgery time.      
### 35.TIB-VA at SemEval-2022 Task 5: A Multimodal Architecture for the Detection and Classification of Misogynous Memes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06299.pdf)
>  The detection of offensive, hateful content on social media is a challenging problem that affects many online users on a daily basis. Hateful content is often used to target a group of people based on ethnicity, gender, religion and other factors. The hate or contempt toward women has been increasing on social platforms. Misogynous content detection is especially challenging when textual and visual modalities are combined to form a single context, e.g., an overlay text embedded on top of an image, also known as meme. In this paper, we present a multimodal architecture that combines textual and visual features in order to detect misogynous meme content. The proposed architecture is evaluated in the SemEval-2022 Task 5: MAMI - Multimedia Automatic Misogyny Identification challenge under the team name TIB-VA. Our solution obtained the best result in the Task-B where the challenge is to classify whether a given document is misogynous and further identify the main sub-classes of shaming, stereotype, objectification, and violence.      
### 36.What Matters in Language Conditioned Robotic Imitation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06252.pdf)
>  A long-standing goal in robotics is to build robots that can perform a wide range of daily tasks from perceptions obtained with their onboard sensors and specified only via natural language. While recently substantial advances have been achieved in language-driven robotics by leveraging end-to-end learning from pixels, there is no clear and well-understood process for making various design choices due to the underlying variation in setups. In this paper, we conduct an extensive study of the most critical challenges in learning language conditioned policies from offline free-form imitation datasets. We further identify architectural and algorithmic techniques that improve performance, such as a hierarchical decomposition of the robot control learning, a multimodal transformer encoder, discrete latent plans and a self-supervised contrastive loss that aligns video and language representations. By combining the results of our investigation with our improved model components, we are able to present a novel approach that significantly outperforms the state of the art on the challenging language conditioned long-horizon robot manipulation CALVIN benchmark. We have open-sourced our implementation to facilitate future research in learning to perform many complex manipulation skills in a row specified with natural language. Codebase and trained models available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://hulc.cs.uni-freiburg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 37.ViViD++: Vision for Visibility Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06183.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a dataset capturing diverse visual data formats that target varying luminance conditions. While RGB cameras provide nourishing and intuitive information, changes in lighting conditions potentially result in catastrophic failure for robotic applications based on vision sensors. Approaches overcoming illumination problems have included developing more robust algorithms or other types of visual sensors, such as thermal and event cameras. Despite the alternative sensors' potential, there still are few datasets with alternative vision sensors. Thus, we provided a dataset recorded from alternative vision sensors, by handheld or mounted on a car, repeatedly in the same space but in different conditions. We aim to acquire visible information from co-aligned alternative vision sensors. Our sensor system collects data more independently from visible light intensity by measuring the amount of infrared dissipation, depth by structured reflection, and instantaneous temporal changes in luminance. We provide these measurements along with inertial sensors and ground-truth for developing robust visual SLAM under poor illumination. The full dataset is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://visibilitydataset.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 38.SRMD: Sparse Random Mode Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06108.pdf)
>  Signal decomposition and multiscale signal analysis provide many useful tools for time-frequency analysis. We proposed a random feature method for analyzing time-series data by constructing a sparse approximation to the spectrogram. The randomization is both in the time window locations and the frequency sampling, which lowers the overall sampling and computational cost. The sparsification of the spectrogram leads to a sharp separation between time-frequency clusters which makes it easier to identify intrinsic modes, and thus leads to a new data-driven mode decomposition. The applications include signal representation, outlier removal, and mode decomposition. On the benchmark tests, we show that our approach outperforms other state-of-the-art decomposition methods.      
