# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 5 Apr 2022
### 1.MaxViT: Multi-Axis Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01697.pdf)
>  Transformers have recently gained significant attention in the computer vision community. However, the lack of scalability of self-attention mechanisms with respect to image size has limited their wide adoption in state-of-the-art vision backbones. In this paper we introduce an efficient and scalable attention model we call multi-axis attention, which consists of two aspects: blocked local and dilated global attention. These design choices allow global-local spatial interactions on arbitrary input resolutions with only linear complexity. We also present a new architectural element by effectively blending our proposed attention model with convolutions, and accordingly propose a simple hierarchical vision backbone, dubbed MaxViT, by simply repeating the basic building block over multiple stages. Notably, MaxViT is able to "see" globally throughout the entire network, even in earlier, high-resolution stages. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our model on a broad spectrum of vision tasks. On image classification, MaxViT achieves state-of-the-art performance under various settings: without extra data, MaxViT attains 86.5\% ImageNet-1K top-1 accuracy; with ImageNet-21K pre-training, our model achieves 88.7\% top-1 accuracy. For downstream tasks, MaxViT as a backbone delivers favorable performance on object detection as well as visual aesthetic assessment. We also show that our proposed model expresses strong generative modeling capability on ImageNet, demonstrating the superior potential of MaxViT blocks as a universal vision module. We will make the code and models publicly available.      
### 2.Joint Hand Motion and Interaction Hotspots Prediction from Egocentric Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01696.pdf)
>  We propose to forecast future hand-object interactions given an egocentric video. Instead of predicting action labels or pixels, we directly predict the hand motion trajectory and the future contact points on the next active object (i.e., interaction hotspots). This relatively low-dimensional representation provides a concrete description of future interactions. To tackle this task, we first provide an automatic way to collect trajectory and hotspots labels on large-scale data. We then use this data to train an Object-Centric Transformer (OCT) model for prediction. Our model performs hand and object interaction reasoning via the self-attention mechanism in Transformers. OCT also provides a probabilistic framework to sample the future trajectory and hotspots to handle uncertainty in prediction. We perform experiments on the Epic-Kitchens-55, Epic-Kitchens-100, and EGTEA Gaze+ datasets, and show that OCT significantly outperforms state-of-the-art approaches by a large margin. Project page is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://stevenlsw.github.io/hoi-forecast" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 3.LISA: Learning Implicit Shape and Appearance of Hands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01695.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a do-it-all neural model of human hands, named LISA. The model can capture accurate hand shape and appearance, generalize to arbitrary hand subjects, provide dense surface correspondences, be reconstructed from images in the wild and easily animated. We train LISA by minimizing the shape and appearance losses on a large set of multi-view RGB image sequences annotated with coarse 3D poses of the hand skeleton. For a 3D point in the hand local coordinate, our model predicts the color and the signed distance with respect to each hand bone independently, and then combines the per-bone predictions using predicted skinning weights. The shape, color and pose representations are disentangled by design, allowing to estimate or animate only selected parameters. We experimentally demonstrate that LISA can accurately reconstruct a dynamic hand from monocular or multi-view sequences, achieving a noticeably higher quality of reconstructed hand shapes compared to baseline approaches. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.iri.upc.edu/people/ecorona/lisa/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4."This is my unicorn, Fluffy": Personalizing frozen vision-language representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01694.pdf)
>  Large Vision &amp; Language models pretrained on web-scale data provide representations that are invaluable for numerous V&amp;L problems. However, it is unclear how they can be used for reasoning about user-specific visual concepts in unstructured language. This problem arises in multiple domains, from personalized image retrieval to personalized interaction with smart devices. We introduce a new learning setup called Personalized Vision &amp; Language (PerVL) with two new benchmark datasets for retrieving and segmenting user-specific "personalized" concepts "in the wild". In PerVL, one should learn personalized concepts (1) independently of the downstream task (2) allowing a pretrained model to reason about them with free language, and (3) does not require personalized negative examples. We propose an architecture for solving PerVL that operates by extending the input vocabulary of a pretrained model with new word embeddings for the new personalized concepts. The model can then reason about them by simply using them in a sentence. We demonstrate that our approach learns personalized visual concepts from a few examples and can effectively apply them in image retrieval and semantic segmentation using rich textual queries.      
### 5.Monitoring social distancing with single image depth estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01693.pdf)
>  The recent pandemic emergency raised many challenges regarding the countermeasures aimed at containing the virus spread, and constraining the minimum distance between people resulted in one of the most effective strategies. Thus, the implementation of autonomous systems capable of monitoring the so-called social distance gained much interest. In this paper, we aim to address this task leveraging a single RGB frame without additional depth sensors. In contrast to existing single-image alternatives failing when ground localization is not available, we rely on single image depth estimation to perceive the 3D structure of the observed scene and estimate the distance between people. During the setup phase, a straightforward calibration procedure, leveraging a scale-aware SLAM algorithm available even on consumer smartphones, allows us to address the scale ambiguity affecting single image depth estimation. We validate our approach through indoor and outdoor images employing a calibrated LiDAR + RGB camera asset. Experimental results highlight that our proposal enables sufficiently reliable estimation of the inter-personal distance to monitor social distancing effectively. This fact confirms that despite its intrinsic ambiguity, if appropriately driven single image depth estimation can be a viable alternative to other depth perception techniques, more expensive and not always feasible in practical applications. Our evaluation also highlights that our framework can run reasonably fast and comparably to competitors, even on pure CPU systems. Moreover, its practical deployment on low-power systems is around the corner.      
### 6.Long Movie Clip Classification with State-Space Video Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01692.pdf)
>  Most modern video recognition models are designed to operate on short video clips (e.g., 5-10s in length). Because of this, it is challenging to apply such models to long movie understanding tasks, which typically require sophisticated long-range temporal reasoning capabilities. The recently introduced video transformers partially address this issue by using long-range temporal self-attention. However, due to the quadratic cost of self-attention, such models are often costly and impractical to use. Instead, we propose ViS4mer, an efficient long-range video model that combines the strengths of self-attention and the recently introduced structured state-space sequence (S4) layer. Our model uses a standard Transformer encoder for short-range spatiotemporal feature extraction, and a multi-scale temporal S4 decoder for subsequent long-range temporal reasoning. By progressively reducing the spatiotemporal feature resolution and channel dimension at each decoder layer, ViS4mer learns complex long-range spatiotemporal dependencies in a video. Furthermore, ViS4mer is $2.63\times$ faster and requires $8\times$ less GPU memory than the corresponding pure self-attention-based model. Additionally, ViS4mer achieves state-of-the-art results in $7$ out of $9$ long-form movie video classification tasks on the LVU benchmark. Furthermore, we also show that our approach successfully generalizes to other domains, achieving competitive results on the Breakfast and the COIN procedural activity datasets. The code will be made publicly available.      
### 7.TALLFormer: Temporal Action Localization with Long-memory Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01680.pdf)
>  Most modern approaches in temporal action localization divide this problem into two parts: (i) short-term feature extraction and (ii) long-range temporal boundary localization. Due to the high GPU memory cost caused by processing long untrimmed videos, many methods sacrifice the representational power of the short-term feature extractor by either freezing the backbone or using a very small spatial video resolution. This issue becomes even worse with the recent video transformer models, many of which have quadratic memory complexity. To address these issues, we propose TALLFormer, a memory-efficient and end-to-end trainable Temporal Action Localization transformer with Long-term memory. Our long-term memory mechanism eliminates the need for processing hundreds of redundant video frames during each training iteration, thus, significantly reducing the GPU memory consumption and training time. These efficiency savings allow us (i) to use a powerful video transformer-based feature extractor without freezing the backbone or reducing the spatial video resolution, while (ii) also maintaining long-range temporal boundary localization capability. With only RGB frames as input and no external action recognition classifier, TALLFormer outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods by a large margin, achieving an average mAP of 59.1% on THUMOS14 and 35.6% on ActivityNet-1.3. The code will be available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/klauscc/TALLFormer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.MultiMAE: Multi-modal Multi-task Masked Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01678.pdf)
>  We propose a pre-training strategy called Multi-modal Multi-task Masked Autoencoders (MultiMAE). It differs from standard Masked Autoencoding in two key aspects: I) it can optionally accept additional modalities of information in the input besides the RGB image (hence "multi-modal"), and II) its training objective accordingly includes predicting multiple outputs besides the RGB image (hence "multi-task"). <br>We make use of masking (across image patches and input modalities) to make training MultiMAE tractable as well as to ensure cross-modality predictive coding is indeed learned by the network. We show this pre-training strategy leads to a flexible, simple, and efficient framework with improved transfer results to downstream tasks. In particular, the same exact pre-trained network can be flexibly used when additional information besides RGB images is available or when no information other than RGB is available - in all configurations yielding competitive to or significantly better results than the baselines. To avoid needing training datasets with multiple modalities and tasks, we train MultiMAE entirely using pseudo labeling, which makes the framework widely applicable to any RGB dataset. <br>The experiments are performed on multiple transfer tasks (image classification, semantic segmentation, depth estimation) and datasets (ImageNet, ADE20K, Taskonomy, Hypersim, NYUv2). The results show an intriguingly impressive capability by the model in cross-modal/task predictive coding and transfer.      
### 9.Exemplar-bsaed Pattern Synthesis with Implicit Periodic Field Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01671.pdf)
>  Synthesis of ergodic, stationary visual patterns is widely applicable in texturing, shape modeling, and digital content creation. The wide applicability of this technique thus requires the pattern synthesis approaches to be scalable, diverse, and authentic. In this paper, we propose an exemplar-based visual pattern synthesis framework that aims to model the inner statistics of visual patterns and generate new, versatile patterns that meet the aforementioned requirements. To this end, we propose an implicit network based on generative adversarial network (GAN) and periodic encoding, thus calling our network the Implicit Periodic Field Network (IPFN). The design of IPFN ensures scalability: the implicit formulation directly maps the input coordinates to features, which enables synthesis of arbitrary size and is computationally efficient for 3D shape synthesis. Learning with a periodic encoding scheme encourages diversity: the network is constrained to model the inner statistics of the exemplar based on spatial latent codes in a periodic field. Coupled with continuously designed GAN training procedures, IPFN is shown to synthesize tileable patterns with smooth transitions and local variations. Last but not least, thanks to both the adversarial training technique and the encoded Fourier features, IPFN learns high-frequency functions that produce authentic, high-quality results. To validate our approach, we present novel experimental results on various applications in 2D texture synthesis and 3D shape synthesis.      
### 10.A Novel Capsule Neural Network Based Model for Drowsiness Detection Using Electroencephalography Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01666.pdf)
>  The early detection of drowsiness has become vital to ensure the correct and safe development of several industries' tasks. Due to the transient mental state of a human subject between alertness and drowsiness, automated drowsiness detection is a complex problem to tackle. The electroencephalography signals allow us to record variations in an individual's brain's electrical potential, where each of them gives specific information about a subject's mental state. However, due to this type of signal's nature, its acquisition, in general, is complex, so it is hard to have a large volume of data to apply techniques of Deep Learning for processing and classification optimally. Nevertheless, Capsule Neural Networks are a brand-new Deep Learning algorithm proposed for work with reduced amounts of data. It is a robust algorithm to handle the data's hierarchical relationships, which is an essential characteristic for work with biomedical signals. Therefore, this paper presents a Deep Learning-based method for drowsiness detection with CapsNet by using a concatenation of spectrogram images of the electroencephalography signals channels. The proposed CapsNet model is compared with a Convolutional Neural Network, which is outperformed by the proposed model, which obtains an average accuracy of 86,44% and 87,57% of sensitivity against an average accuracy of 75,86% and 79,47% sensitivity for the CNN, showing that CapsNet is more suitable for this kind of datasets and tasks.      
### 11.DODA: Data-oriented Sim-to-Real Domain Adaptation for 3D Indoor Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01599.pdf)
>  Deep learning approaches achieve prominent success in 3D semantic segmentation. However, collecting densely annotated real-world 3D datasets is extremely time-consuming and expensive. Training models on synthetic data and generalizing on real-world scenarios becomes an appealing alternative, but unfortunately suffers from notorious domain shifts. In this work, we propose a Data-Oriented Domain Adaptation (DODA) framework to mitigate pattern and context gaps caused by different sensing mechanisms and layout placements across domains. Our DODA encompasses virtual scan simulation to imitate real-world point cloud patterns and tail-aware cuboid mixing to alleviate the interior context gap with a cuboid-based intermediate domain. The first unsupervised sim-to-real adaptation benchmark on 3D indoor semantic segmentation is also built on 3D-FRONT, ScanNet and S3DIS along with 7 popular Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) methods. Our DODA surpasses existing UDA approaches by over 13% on both 3D-FRONT $\rightarrow$ ScanNet and 3D-FRONT $\rightarrow$ S3DIS. Code will be available.      
### 12.FIFO: Learning Fog-invariant Features for Foggy Scene Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01587.pdf)
>  Robust visual recognition under adverse weather conditions is of great importance in real-world applications. In this context, we propose a new method for learning semantic segmentation models robust against fog. Its key idea is to consider the fog condition of an image as its style and close the gap between images with different fog conditions in neural style spaces of a segmentation model. In particular, since the neural style of an image is in general affected by other factors as well as fog, we introduce a fog-pass filter module that learns to extract a fog-relevant factor from the style. Optimizing the fog-pass filter and the segmentation model alternately gradually closes the style gap between different fog conditions and allows to learn fog-invariant features in consequence. Our method substantially outperforms previous work on three real foggy image datasets. Moreover, it improves performance on both foggy and clear weather images, while existing methods often degrade performance on clear scenes.      
### 13.Object Level Depth Reconstruction for Category Level 6D Object Pose Estimation From Monocular RGB Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01586.pdf)
>  Recently, RGBD-based category-level 6D object pose estimation has achieved promising improvement in performance, however, the requirement of depth information prohibits broader applications. In order to relieve this problem, this paper proposes a novel approach named Object Level Depth reconstruction Network (OLD-Net) taking only RGB images as input for category-level 6D object pose estimation. We propose to directly predict object-level depth from a monocular RGB image by deforming the category-level shape prior into object-level depth and the canonical NOCS representation. Two novel modules named Normalized Global Position Hints (NGPH) and Shape-aware Decoupled Depth Reconstruction (SDDR) module are introduced to learn high fidelity object-level depth and delicate shape representations. At last, the 6D object pose is solved by aligning the predicted canonical representation with the back-projected object-level depth. Extensive experiments on the challenging CAMERA25 and REAL275 datasets indicate that our model, though simple, achieves state-of-the-art performance.      
### 14.HiT-DVAE: Human Motion Generation via Hierarchical Transformer Dynamical VAE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01565.pdf)
>  Studies on the automatic processing of 3D human pose data have flourished in the recent past. In this paper, we are interested in the generation of plausible and diverse future human poses following an observed 3D pose sequence. Current methods address this problem by injecting random variables from a single latent space into a deterministic motion prediction framework, which precludes the inherent multi-modality in human motion generation. In addition, previous works rarely explore the use of attention to select which frames are to be used to inform the generation process up to our knowledge. To overcome these limitations, we propose Hierarchical Transformer Dynamical Variational Autoencoder, HiT-DVAE, which implements auto-regressive generation with transformer-like attention mechanisms. HiT-DVAE simultaneously learns the evolution of data and latent space distribution with time correlated probabilistic dependencies, thus enabling the generative model to learn a more complex and time-varying latent space as well as diverse and realistic human motions. Furthermore, the auto-regressive generation brings more flexibility on observation and prediction, i.e. one can have any length of observation and predict arbitrary large sequences of poses with a single pre-trained model. We evaluate the proposed method on HumanEva-I and Human3.6M with various evaluation methods, and outperform the state-of-the-art methods on most of the metrics.      
### 15.Bi-directional Loop Closure for Visual SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01524.pdf)
>  A key functional block of visual navigation system for intelligent autonomous vehicles is Loop Closure detection and subsequent relocalisation. State-of-the-Art methods still approach the problem as uni-directional along the direction of the previous motion. As a result, most of the methods fail in the absence of a significantly similar overlap of perspectives. In this study, we propose an approach for bi-directional loop closure. This will, for the first time, provide us with the capability to relocalize to a location even when traveling in the opposite direction, thus significantly reducing long-term odometry drift in the absence of a direct loop. We present a technique to select training data from large datasets in order to make them usable for the bi-directional problem. The data is used to train and validate two different CNN architectures for loop closure detection and subsequent regression of 6-DOF camera pose between the views in an end-to-end manner. The outcome packs a considerable impact and aids significantly to real-world scenarios that do not offer direct loop closure opportunities. We provide a rigorous empirical comparison against other established approaches and evaluate our method on both outdoor and indoor data from the FinnForest dataset and PennCOSYVIO dataset.      
### 16.Context-aware Visual Tracking with Joint Meta-updating  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01513.pdf)
>  Visual object tracking acts as a pivotal component in various emerging video applications. Despite the numerous developments in visual tracking, existing deep trackers are still likely to fail when tracking against objects with dramatic variation. These deep trackers usually do not perform online update or update single sub-branch of the tracking model, for which they cannot adapt to the appearance variation of objects. Efficient updating methods are therefore crucial for tracking while previous meta-updater optimizes trackers directly over parameter space, which is prone to over-fit even collapse on longer sequences. To address these issues, we propose a context-aware tracking model to optimize the tracker over the representation space, which jointly meta-update both branches by exploiting information along the whole sequence, such that it can avoid the over-fitting problem. First, we note that the embedded features of the localization branch and the box-estimation branch, focusing on the local and global information of the target, are effective complements to each other. Based on this insight, we devise a context-aggregation module to fuse information in historical frames, followed by a context-aware module to learn affinity vectors for both branches of the tracker. Besides, we develop a dedicated meta-learning scheme, on account of fast and stable updating with limited training samples. The proposed tracking method achieves an EAO score of 0.514 on VOT2018 with the speed of 40FPS, demonstrating its capability of improving the accuracy and robustness of the underlying tracker with little speed drop.      
### 17.The Group Loss++: A deeper look into group loss for deep metric learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01509.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning has yielded impressive results in tasks such as clustering and image retrieval by leveraging neural networks to obtain highly discriminative feature embeddings, which can be used to group samples into different classes. Much research has been devoted to the design of smart loss functions or data mining strategies for training such networks. Most methods consider only pairs or triplets of samples within a mini-batch to compute the loss function, which is commonly based on the distance between embeddings. We propose Group Loss, a loss function based on a differentiable label-propagation method that enforces embedding similarity across all samples of a group while promoting, at the same time, low-density regions amongst data points belonging to different groups. Guided by the smoothness assumption that "similar objects should belong to the same group", the proposed loss trains the neural network for a classification task, enforcing a consistent labelling amongst samples within a class. We design a set of inference strategies tailored towards our algorithm, named Group Loss++ that further improve the results of our model. We show state-of-the-art results on clustering and image retrieval on four retrieval datasets, and present competitive results on two person re-identification datasets, providing a unified framework for retrieval and re-identification.      
### 18.Adaptive Network Combination for Single-Image Reflection Removal: A Domain Generalization Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01505.pdf)
>  Recently, multiple synthetic and real-world datasets have been built to facilitate the training of deep single image reflection removal (SIRR) models. Meanwhile, diverse testing sets are also provided with different types of reflection and scenes. However, the non-negligible domain gaps between training and testing sets make it difficult to learn deep models generalizing well to testing images. The diversity of reflections and scenes further makes it a mission impossible to learn a single model being effective to all testing sets and real-world reflections. In this paper, we tackle these issues by learning SIRR models from a domain generalization perspective. Particularly, for each source set, a specific SIRR model is trained to serve as a domain expert of relevant reflection types. For a given reflection-contaminated image, we present a reflection type-aware weighting (RTAW) module to predict expert-wise weights. RTAW can then be incorporated with adaptive network combination (AdaNEC) for handling different reflection types and scenes, i.e., generalizing to unknown domains. Two representative AdaNEC methods, i.e., output fusion (OF) and network interpolation (NI), are provided by considering both adaptation levels and efficiency. For images from one source set, we train RTAW to only predict expert-wise weights of other domain experts for improving generalization ability, while the weights of all experts are predicted and employed during testing. An in-domain expert (IDE) loss is presented for training RTAW. Extensive experiments show the appealing performance gain of our AdaNEC on different state-of-the-art SIRR networks. Source code and pre-trained models will available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/csmliu/AdaNEC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Unsupervised Learning of Accurate Siamese Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01475.pdf)
>  Unsupervised learning has been popular in various computer vision tasks, including visual object tracking. However, prior unsupervised tracking approaches rely heavily on spatial supervision from template-search pairs and are still unable to track objects with strong variation over a long time span. As unlimited self-supervision signals can be obtained by tracking a video along a cycle in time, we investigate evolving a Siamese tracker by tracking videos forward-backward. We present a novel unsupervised tracking framework, in which we can learn temporal correspondence both on the classification branch and regression branch. Specifically, to propagate reliable template feature in the forward propagation process so that the tracker can be trained in the cycle, we first propose a consistency propagation transformation. We then identify an ill-posed penalty problem in conventional cycle training in backward propagation process. Thus, a differentiable region mask is proposed to select features as well as to implicitly penalize tracking errors on intermediate frames. Moreover, since noisy labels may degrade training, we propose a mask-guided loss reweighting strategy to assign dynamic weights based on the quality of pseudo labels. In extensive experiments, our tracker outperforms preceding unsupervised methods by a substantial margin, performing on par with supervised methods on large-scale datasets such as TrackingNet and LaSOT. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FlorinShum/ULAST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Correlation Verification for Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01458.pdf)
>  Geometric verification is considered a de facto solution for the re-ranking task in image retrieval. In this study, we propose a novel image retrieval re-ranking network named Correlation Verification Networks (CVNet). Our proposed network, comprising deeply stacked 4D convolutional layers, gradually compresses dense feature correlation into image similarity while learning diverse geometric matching patterns from various image pairs. To enable cross-scale matching, it builds feature pyramids and constructs cross-scale feature correlations within a single inference, replacing costly multi-scale inferences. In addition, we use curriculum learning with the hard negative mining and Hide-and-Seek strategy to handle hard samples without losing generality. Our proposed re-ranking network shows state-of-the-art performance on several retrieval benchmarks with a significant margin (+12.6% in mAP on ROxford-Hard+1M set) over state-of-the-art methods. The source code and models are available online: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sungonce/CVNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Learning Commonsense-aware Moment-Text Alignment for Fast Video Temporal Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01450.pdf)
>  Grounding temporal video segments described in natural language queries effectively and efficiently is a crucial capability needed in vision-and-language fields. In this paper, we deal with the fast video temporal grounding (FVTG) task, aiming at localizing the target segment with high speed and favorable accuracy. Most existing approaches adopt elaborately designed cross-modal interaction modules to improve the grounding performance, which suffer from the test-time bottleneck. Although several common space-based methods enjoy the high-speed merit during inference, they can hardly capture the comprehensive and explicit relations between visual and textual modalities. In this paper, to tackle the dilemma of speed-accuracy tradeoff, we propose a commonsense-aware cross-modal alignment (CCA) framework, which incorporates commonsense-guided visual and text representations into a complementary common space for fast video temporal grounding. Specifically, the commonsense concepts are explored and exploited by extracting the structural semantic information from a language corpus. Then, a commonsense-aware interaction module is designed to obtain bridged visual and text features by utilizing the learned commonsense concepts. Finally, to maintain the original semantic information of textual queries, a cross-modal complementary common space is optimized to obtain matching scores for performing FVTG. Extensive results on two challenging benchmarks show that our CCA method performs favorably against state-of-the-arts while running at high speed. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZiyueWu59/CCA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.WildNet: Learning Domain Generalized Semantic Segmentation from the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01446.pdf)
>  We present a new domain generalized semantic segmentation network named WildNet, which learns domain-generalized features by leveraging a variety of contents and styles from the wild. In domain generalization, the low generalization ability for unseen target domains is clearly due to overfitting to the source domain. To address this problem, previous works have focused on generalizing the domain by removing or diversifying the styles of the source domain. These alleviated overfitting to the source-style but overlooked overfitting to the source-content. In this paper, we propose to diversify both the content and style of the source domain with the help of the wild. Our main idea is for networks to naturally learn domain-generalized semantic information from the wild. To this end, we diversify styles by augmenting source features to resemble wild styles and enable networks to adapt to a variety of styles. Furthermore, we encourage networks to learn class-discriminant features by providing semantic variations borrowed from the wild to source contents in the feature space. Finally, we regularize networks to capture consistent semantic information even when both the content and style of the source domain are extended to the wild. Extensive experiments on five different datasets validate the effectiveness of our WildNet, and we significantly outperform state-of-the-art methods. The source code and model are available online: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/suhyeonlee/WildNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Degradation-agnostic Correspondence from Resolution-asymmetric Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01429.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of stereo matching from a pair of images with different resolutions, e.g., those acquired with a tele-wide camera system. Due to the difficulty of obtaining ground-truth disparity labels in diverse real-world systems, we start from an unsupervised learning perspective. However, resolution asymmetry caused by unknown degradations between two views hinders the effectiveness of the generally assumed photometric consistency. To overcome this challenge, we propose to impose the consistency between two views in a feature space instead of the image space, named feature-metric consistency. Interestingly, we find that, although a stereo matching network trained with the photometric loss is not optimal, its feature extractor can produce degradation-agnostic and matching-specific features. These features can then be utilized to formulate a feature-metric loss to avoid the photometric inconsistency. Moreover, we introduce a self-boosting strategy to optimize the feature extractor progressively, which further strengthens the feature-metric consistency. Experiments on both simulated datasets with various degradations and a self-collected real-world dataset validate the superior performance of the proposed method over existing solutions.      
### 24.Re-examining Distillation For Continual Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01407.pdf)
>  Training models continually to detect and classify objects, from new classes and new domains, remains an open problem. In this work, we conduct a thorough analysis of why and how object detection models forget catastrophically. We focus on distillation-based approaches in two-stage networks; the most-common strategy employed in contemporary continual object detection work.Distillation aims to transfer the knowledge of a model trained on previous tasks -- the teacher -- to a new model -- the student -- while it learns the new task. We show that this works well for the region proposal network, but that wrong, yet overly confident teacher predictions prevent student models from effective learning of the classification head. Our analysis provides a foundation that allows us to propose improvements for existing techniques by detecting incorrect teacher predictions, based on current ground-truth labels, and by employing an adaptive Huber loss as opposed to the mean squared error for the distillation loss in the classification heads. We evidence that our strategy works not only in a class incremental setting, but also in domain incremental settings, which constitute a realistic context, likely to be the setting of representative real-world problems.      
### 25.How stable are Transferability Metrics evaluations?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01403.pdf)
>  Transferability metrics is a maturing field with increasing interest, which aims at providing heuristics for selecting the most suitable source models to transfer to a given target dataset, without fine-tuning them all. However, existing works rely on custom experimental setups which differ across papers, leading to inconsistent conclusions about which transferability metrics work best. In this paper we conduct a large-scale study by systematically constructing a broad range of 715k experimental setup variations. We discover that even small variations to an experimental setup lead to different conclusions about the superiority of a transferability metric over another. Then we propose better evaluations by aggregating across many experiments, enabling to reach more stable conclusions. As a result, we reveal the superiority of LogME at selecting good source datasets to transfer from in a semantic segmentation scenario, NLEEP at selecting good source architectures in an image classification scenario, and GBC at determining which target task benefits most from a given source model. Yet, no single transferability metric works best in all scenarios.      
### 26.MGRR-Net: Multi-level Graph Relational Reasoning Network for Facial Action Units Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01349.pdf)
>  The Facial Action Coding System (FACS) encodes the action units (AUs) in facial images, which has attracted extensive research attention due to its wide use in facial expression analysis. Many methods that perform well on automatic facial action unit (AU) detection primarily focus on modeling various types of AU relations between corresponding local muscle areas, or simply mining global attention-aware facial features, however, neglect the dynamic interactions among local-global features. We argue that encoding AU features just from one perspective may not capture the rich contextual information between regional and global face features, as well as the detailed variability across AUs, because of the diversity in expression and individual characteristics. In this paper, we propose a novel Multi-level Graph Relational Reasoning Network (termed MGRR-Net) for facial AU detection. Each layer of MGRR-Net performs a multi-level (i.e., region-level, pixel-wise and channel-wise level) feature learning. While the region-level feature learning from local face patches features via graph neural network can encode the correlation across different AUs, the pixel-wise and channel-wise feature learning via graph attention network can enhance the discrimination ability of AU features from global face features. The fused features from the three levels lead to improved AU discriminative ability. Extensive experiments on DISFA and BP4D AU datasets show that the proposed approach achieves superior performance than the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 27.An application of Pixel Interval Down-sampling (PID) for dense tiny microorganism counting on environmental microorganism images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01341.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel pixel interval down-sampling network (PID-Net) for dense tiny objects (yeast cells) counting tasks with higher accuracy. The PID-Net is an end-to-end CNN model with encoder to decoder architecture. The pixel interval down-sampling operations are concatenated with max-pooling operations to combine the sparse and dense features. It addresses the limitation of contour conglutination of dense objects while counting. Evaluation was done using classical segmentation metrics (Dice, Jaccard, Hausdorff distance) as well as counting metrics. Experimental result shows that the proposed PID-Net has the best performance and potential for dense tiny objects counting tasks, which achieves 96.97% counting accuracy on the dataset with 2448 yeast cell images. By comparing with the state-of-the-art approaches like Attention U-Net, Swin U-Net and Trans U-Net, the proposed PID-Net can segment the dense tiny objects with clearer boundaries and fewer incorrect debris, which shows the great potential of PID-Net in the task of accurate counting tasks.      
### 28.IMOT: General-Purpose, Fast and Robust Estimation for Spatial Perception Problems with Outliers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01324.pdf)
>  Spatial perception problems are the fundamental building blocks of robotics and computer vision. However, in many real-world situations, they inevitably suffer from the issue of outliers, which hinders traditional solvers from making correct estimates. In this paper, we present a novel, general-purpose robust estimator IMOT (Iterative Multi-layered Otsu's Thresholding) using standard non-minimal solvers to rapidly reject outliers for spatial perception problems. First, we propose a new outlier-robust iterative optimizing framework where in each iteration all the measurement data are separated into two groups according to the residual errors and only the group with lower residual errors can be preserved for estimation in the next iteration. Second, we introduce and employ the well-known Otsu's method (from image processing) to conduct thresholding on the residual errors so as to obtain the best separation (grouping) statistically which maximizes the between-class variance. Third, to enhance robustness, we design a multi-layered Otsu's thresholding approach in combination with our framework to sift out the true inliers from outliers that might even occupy the majority of measurements. We test our robust estimator IMOT on 5 different spatial perception problems including: rotation averaging, rotation search, point cloud registration, category-level registration, and SLAM. Experiments show that IMOT is robust against 70%--90% of outliers and can typically converge in only 3--10 iterations, being 3--125 times faster than existing robust estimators: GNC and ADAPT. Moreover, IMOT is able to return robust results even without noise bound information.      
### 29.RayMVSNet: Learning Ray-based 1D Implicit Fields for Accurate Multi-View Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01320.pdf)
>  Learning-based multi-view stereo (MVS) has by far centered around 3D convolution on cost volumes. Due to the high computation and memory consumption of 3D CNN, the resolution of output depth is often considerably limited. Different from most existing works dedicated to adaptive refinement of cost volumes, we opt to directly optimize the depth value along each camera ray, mimicking the range (depth) finding of a laser scanner. This reduces the MVS problem to ray-based depth optimization which is much more light-weight than full cost volume optimization. In particular, we propose RayMVSNet which learns sequential prediction of a 1D implicit field along each camera ray with the zero-crossing point indicating scene depth. This sequential modeling, conducted based on transformer features, essentially learns the epipolar line search in traditional multi-view stereo. We also devise a multi-task learning for better optimization convergence and depth accuracy. Our method ranks top on both the DTU and the Tanks \&amp; Temples datasets over all previous learning-based methods, achieving overall reconstruction score of 0.33mm on DTU and f-score of 59.48% on Tanks &amp; Temples.      
### 30.Flexible Portrait Image Editing with Fine-Grained Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01318.pdf)
>  We develop a new method for portrait image editing, which supports fine-grained editing of geometries, colors, lights and shadows using a single neural network model. We adopt a novel asymmetric conditional GAN architecture: the generators take the transformed conditional inputs, such as edge maps, color palette, sliders and masks, that can be directly edited by the user; the discriminators take the conditional inputs in the way that can guide controllable image generation more effectively. Taking color editing as an example, we feed color palettes (which can be edited easily) into the generator, and color maps (which contain positional information of colors) into the discriminator. We also design a region-weighted discriminator so that higher weights are assigned to more important regions, like eyes and skin. Using a color palette, the user can directly specify the desired colors of hair, skin, eyes, lip and background. Color sliders allow the user to blend colors in an intuitive manner. The user can also edit lights and shadows by modifying the corresponding masks. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method by evaluating it on the CelebAMask-HQ dataset with a wide range of tasks, including geometry/color/shadow/light editing, hand-drawn sketch to image translation, and color transfer. We also present ablation studies to justify our design.      
### 31.REM: Routing Entropy Minimization for Capsule Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01298.pdf)
>  Capsule Networks ambition is to build an explainable and biologically-inspired neural network model. One of their main innovations relies on the routing mechanism which extracts a parse tree: its main purpose is to explicitly build relationships between capsules. However, their true potential in terms of explainability has not surfaced yet: these relationships are extremely heterogeneous and difficult to understand. This paper proposes REM, a technique which minimizes the entropy of the parse tree-like structure, improving its explainability. We accomplish this by driving the model parameters distribution towards low entropy configurations, using a pruning mechanism as a proxy. We also generate static parse trees with no performance loss, showing that, with REM, Capsule Networks build stronger relationships between capsules.      
### 32.Learning Dynamic Correlations in Spatiotemporal Graphs for Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01297.pdf)
>  Human motion prediction is a challenge task due to the dynamic spatiotemporal graph correlations in different motion sequences. How to efficiently represent spatiotemporal graph correlations and model dynamic correlation variances between different motion sequences is a challenge for spatiotemporal graph representation in motion prediction. In this work, we present Dynamic SpatioTemporal Graph Convolution (DSTD-GC). The proposed DSTD-GC decomposes dynamic spatiotemporal graph modeling into a combination of Dynamic Spatial Graph Convolution (DS-GC) and Dynamic Temporal Graph Convolution (DT-GC). As human motions are subject to common constraints like body connections and present dynamic motion patterns from different samples, we present Constrained Dynamic Correlation Modeling strategy to represent the spatial/temporal graph as a shared spatial/temporal correlation and a function to extract temporal-specific /spatial-specific adjustments for each sample. The modeling strategy represents the spatiotemporal graph with 28.6\% parameters of the state-of-the-art static decomposition representation while also explicitly models sample-specific spatiotemporal correlation variances. Moreover, we also mathematically reformulating spatiotemporal graph convolutions and their decomposed variants into a unified form and find that DSTD-GC relaxes strict constraints of other graph convolutions, leading to a stronger representation capability. Combining DSTD-GC with prior knowledge, we propose a powerful spatiotemporal graph convolution network called DSTD-GCN which outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the Human3.6M and CMU Mocap datasets in prediction accuracy with fewest parameters.      
### 33.SPFNet:Subspace Pyramid Fusion Network for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01278.pdf)
>  The encoder-decoder structure has significantly improved performance in many vision tasks by fusing low-level and high-level feature maps. However, this approach can hardly extract sufficient context information for pixel-wise segmentation. In addition, extracting similar low-level features at multiple scales could lead to redundant information. To tackle these issues, we propose Subspace Pyramid Fusion Network (SPFNet). Specifically, we combine pyramidal module and context aggregation module to exploit the impact of multi-scale/global context information. At first, we construct a Subspace Pyramid Fusion Module (SPFM) based on Reduced Pyramid Pooling (RPP). Then, we propose the Efficient Global Context Aggregation (EGCA) module to capture discriminative features by fusing multi-level global context features. Finally, we add decoder-based subpixel convolution to retrieve the high-resolution feature maps, which can help select category localization details. SPFM learns separate RPP for each feature subspace to capture multi-scale feature representations, which is more useful for semantic segmentation. EGCA adopts shuffle attention mechanism to enhance communication across different sub-features. Experimental results on two well-known semantic segmentation datasets, including Camvid and Cityscapes, show that our proposed method is competitive with other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 34.Aligning Silhouette Topology for Self-Adaptive 3D Human Pose Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01276.pdf)
>  Articulation-centric 2D/3D pose supervision forms the core training objective in most existing 3D human pose estimation techniques. Except for synthetic source environments, acquiring such rich supervision for each real target domain at deployment is highly inconvenient. However, we realize that standard foreground silhouette estimation techniques (on static camera feeds) remain unaffected by domain-shifts. Motivated by this, we propose a novel target adaptation framework that relies only on silhouette supervision to adapt a source-trained model-based regressor. However, in the absence of any auxiliary cue (multi-view, depth, or 2D pose), an isolated silhouette loss fails to provide a reliable pose-specific gradient and requires to be employed in tandem with a topology-centric loss. To this end, we develop a series of convolution-friendly spatial transformations in order to disentangle a topological-skeleton representation from the raw silhouette. Such a design paves the way to devise a Chamfer-inspired spatial topological-alignment loss via distance field computation, while effectively avoiding any gradient hindering spatial-to-pointset mapping. Experimental results demonstrate our superiority against prior-arts in self-adapting a source trained model to diverse unlabeled target domains, such as a) in-the-wild datasets, b) low-resolution image domains, and c) adversarially perturbed image domains (via UAP).      
### 35.Improving Monocular Visual Odometry Using Learned Depth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01268.pdf)
>  Monocular visual odometry (VO) is an important task in robotics and computer vision. Thus far, how to build accurate and robust monocular VO systems that can work well in diverse scenarios remains largely unsolved. In this paper, we propose a framework to exploit monocular depth estimation for improving VO. The core of our framework is a monocular depth estimation module with a strong generalization capability for diverse scenes. It consists of two separate working modes to assist the localization and mapping. With a single monocular image input, the depth estimation module predicts a relative depth to help the localization module on improving the accuracy. With a sparse depth map and an RGB image input, the depth estimation module can generate accurate scale-consistent depth for dense mapping. Compared with current learning-based VO methods, our method demonstrates a stronger generalization ability to diverse scenes. More significantly, our framework is able to boost the performances of existing geometry-based VO methods by a large margin.      
### 36.FoV-Net: Field-of-View Extrapolation Using Self-Attention and Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01267.pdf)
>  The ability to make educated predictions about their surroundings, and associate them with certain confidence, is important for intelligent systems, like autonomous vehicles and robots. It allows them to plan early and decide accordingly. Motivated by this observation, in this paper we utilize information from a video sequence with a narrow field-of-view to infer the scene at a wider field-of-view. To this end, we propose a temporally consistent field-of-view extrapolation framework, namely FoV-Net, that: (1) leverages 3D information to propagate the observed scene parts from past frames; (2) aggregates the propagated multi-frame information using an attention-based feature aggregation module and a gated self-attention module, simultaneously hallucinating any unobserved scene parts; and (3) assigns an interpretable uncertainty value at each pixel. Extensive experiments show that FoV-Net does not only extrapolate the temporally consistent wide field-of-view scene better than existing alternatives, but also provides the associated uncertainty which may benefit critical decision-making downstream applications. Project page is at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://charliememory.github.io/RAL21_FoV" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 37.Multi-modality Associative Bridging through Memory: Speech Sound Recollected from Face Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01265.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel audio-visual multi-modal bridging framework that can utilize both audio and visual information, even with uni-modal inputs. We exploit a memory network that stores source (i.e., visual) and target (i.e., audio) modal representations, where source modal representation is what we are given, and target modal representations are what we want to obtain from the memory network. We then construct an associative bridge between source and target memories that considers the interrelationship between the two memories. By learning the interrelationship through the associative bridge, the proposed bridging framework is able to obtain the target modal representations inside the memory network, even with the source modal input only, and it provides rich information for its downstream tasks. We apply the proposed framework to two tasks: lip reading and speech reconstruction from silent video. Through the proposed associative bridge and modality-specific memories, each task knowledge is enriched with the recalled audio context, achieving state-of-the-art performance. We also verify that the associative bridge properly relates the source and target memories.      
### 38.Probabilistic Implicit Scene Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01264.pdf)
>  We propose a probabilistic shape completion method extended to the continuous geometry of large-scale 3D scenes. Real-world scans of 3D scenes suffer from a considerable amount of missing data cluttered with unsegmented objects. The problem of shape completion is inherently ill-posed, and high-quality result requires scalable solutions that consider multiple possible outcomes. We employ the Generative Cellular Automata that learns the multi-modal distribution and transform the formulation to process large-scale continuous geometry. The local continuous shape is incrementally generated as a sparse voxel embedding, which contains the latent code for each occupied cell. We formally derive that our training objective for the sparse voxel embedding maximizes the variational lower bound of the complete shape distribution and therefore our progressive generation constitutes a valid generative model. Experiments show that our model successfully generates diverse plausible scenes faithful to the input, especially when the input suffers from a significant amount of missing data. We also demonstrate that our approach outperforms deterministic models even in less ambiguous cases with a small amount of missing data, which infers that probabilistic formulation is crucial for high-quality geometry completion on input scans exhibiting any levels of completeness.      
### 39.Direct Dense Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01263.pdf)
>  Dense human pose estimation is the problem of learning dense correspondences between RGB images and the surfaces of human bodies, which finds various applications, such as human body reconstruction, human pose transfer, and human action recognition. Prior dense pose estimation methods are all based on Mask R-CNN framework and operate in a top-down manner of first attempting to identify a bounding box for each person and matching dense correspondences in each bounding box. Consequently, these methods lack robustness due to their critical dependence on the Mask R-CNN detection, and the runtime increases drastically as the number of persons in the image increases. We therefore propose a novel alternative method for solving the dense pose estimation problem, called Direct Dense Pose (DDP). DDP first predicts the instance mask and global IUV representation separately and then combines them together. We also propose a simple yet effective 2D temporal-smoothing scheme to alleviate the temporal jitters when dealing with video data. Experiments demonstrate that DDP overcomes the limitations of previous top-down baseline methods and achieves competitive accuracy. In addition, DDP is computationally more efficient than previous dense pose estimation methods, and it reduces jitters when applied to a video sequence, which is a problem plaguing the previous methods.      
### 40.BatchFormerV2: Exploring Sample Relationships for Dense Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01254.pdf)
>  Attention mechanisms have been very popular in deep neural networks, where the Transformer architecture has achieved great success in not only natural language processing but also visual recognition applications. Recently, a new Transformer module, applying on batch dimension rather than spatial/channel dimension, i.e., BatchFormer [18], has been introduced to explore sample relationships for overcoming data scarcity challenges. However, it only works with image-level representations for classification. In this paper, we devise a more general batch Transformer module, BatchFormerV2, which further enables exploring sample relationships for dense representation learning. Specifically, when applying the proposed module, it employs a two-stream pipeline during training, i.e., either with or without a BatchFormerV2 module, where the batchformer stream can be removed for testing. Therefore, the proposed method is a plug-and-play module and can be easily integrated into different vision Transformers without any extra inference cost. Without bells and whistles, we show the effectiveness of the proposed method for a variety of popular visual recognition tasks, including image classification and two important dense prediction tasks: object detection and panoptic segmentation. Particularly, BatchFormerV2 consistently improves current DETR-based detection methods (e.g., DETR, Deformable-DETR, Conditional DETR, and SMCA) by over 1.3%. Code will be made publicly available.      
### 41.Dynamic Focus-aware Positional Queries for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01244.pdf)
>  Most of the latest top semantic segmentation approaches are based on vision Transformers, particularly DETR-like frameworks, which employ a set of queries in the Transformer decoder. Each query is composed of a content query that preserves semantic information and a positional query that provides positional guidance for aggregating the query-specific context. However, the positional queries in the Transformer decoder layers are typically represented as fixed learnable weights, which often encode dataset statistics for segments and can be inaccurate for individual samples. Therefore, in this paper, we propose to generate positional queries dynamically conditioned on the cross-attention scores and the localization information of the preceding layer. By doing so, each query is aware of its previous focus, thus providing more accurate positional guidance and encouraging the cross-attention consistency across the decoder layers. In addition, we also propose an efficient way to deal with high-resolution cross-attention by dynamically determining the contextual tokens based on the low-resolution cross-attention maps to perform local relation aggregation. Our overall framework termed FASeg (Focus-Aware semantic Segmentation) provides a simple yet effective solution for semantic segmentation. Extensive experiments on ADE20K and Cityscapes show that our FASeg achieves state-of-the-art performance, e.g., obtaining 48.3% and 49.6% mIoU respectively for single-scale inference on ADE20K validation set with ResNet-50 and Swin-T backbones, and barely increases the computation consumption from Mask2former. Source code will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zip-group/FASeg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Soft Threshold Ternary Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01234.pdf)
>  Large neural networks are difficult to deploy on mobile devices because of intensive computation and storage. To alleviate it, we study ternarization, a balance between efficiency and accuracy that quantizes both weights and activations into ternary values. In previous ternarized neural networks, a hard threshold {\Delta} is introduced to determine quantization intervals. Although the selection of {\Delta} greatly affects the training results, previous works estimate {\Delta} via an approximation or treat it as a hyper-parameter, which is suboptimal. In this paper, we present the Soft Threshold Ternary Networks (STTN), which enables the model to automatically determine quantization intervals instead of depending on a hard threshold. Concretely, we replace the original ternary kernel with the addition of two binary kernels at training time, where ternary values are determined by the combination of two corresponding binary values. At inference time, we add up the two binary kernels to obtain a single ternary kernel. Our method dramatically outperforms current state-of-the-arts, lowering the performance gap between full-precision networks and extreme low bit networks. Experiments on ImageNet with ResNet-18 (Top-1 66.2%) achieves new state-of-the-art. <br>Update: In this version, we further fine-tune the experimental hyperparameters and training procedure. The latest STTN shows that ResNet-18 with ternary weights and ternary activations achieves up to 68.2% Top-1 accuracy on ImageNet. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/WeixiangXu/STTN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 43.Animatable Neural Radiance Fields from Monocular RGB-D  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01218.pdf)
>  This paper aims at representing animatable photo-realistic humans under novel views and poses. Recent work has shown significant progress with dynamic scenes by exploring shared canonical neural radiance fields. However learning a user-controlled model for novel poses remains a challenging task. To tackle this problem, we introduce a novel method to integrate observations across frames and encode the appearance at each individual frame by utilizing the human pose that models the body shape and point clouds which cover partial part of the human as the input. Specifically, our method simultaneously learns a shared set of latent codes anchored to the human pose among frames, and learns an appearance-dependent code anchored to incomplete point clouds generated by monocular RGB-D at each frame. A human pose-based code models the shape of the performer whereas a point cloud based code predicts details and reasons about missing structures at the unseen poses. To further recover non-visible regions in query frames, we utilize a temporal transformer to integrate features of points in query frames and tracked body points from automatically-selected key frames. Experiments on various sequences of humans in motion show that our method significantly outperforms existing works under unseen poses and novel views given monocular RGB-D videos as input.      
### 44.Co-Teaching for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation and Expansion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01210.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) is known to trade a model's performance on a source domain for improving its performance on a target domain. To resolve the issue, Unsupervised Domain Expansion (UDE) has been proposed recently to adapt the model for the target domain as UDA does, and in the meantime maintain its performance on the source domain. For both UDA and UDE, a model tailored to a given domain, let it be the source or the target domain, is assumed to well handle samples from the given domain. We question the assumption by reporting the existence of cross-domain visual ambiguity: Due to the lack of a crystally clear boundary between the two domains, samples from one domain can be visually close to the other domain. We exploit this finding and accordingly propose in this paper Co-Teaching (CT) that consists of knowledge distillation based CT (kdCT) and mixup based CT (miCT). Specifically, kdCT transfers knowledge from a leader-teacher network and an assistant-teacher network to a student network, so the cross-domain visual ambiguity will be better handled by the student. Meanwhile, miCT further enhances the generalization ability of the student. Comprehensive experiments on two image-classification benchmarks and two driving-scene-segmentation benchmarks justify the viability of the proposed method.      
### 45.Rediscovery of the Effectiveness of Standard Convolution for Lightweight Face Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01209.pdf)
>  This paper analyses the design choices of face detection architecture that improve efficiency between computation cost and accuracy. Specifically, we re-examine the effectiveness of the standard convolutional block as a lightweight backbone architecture on face detection. Unlike the current tendency of lightweight architecture design, which heavily utilizes depthwise separable convolution layers, we show that heavily channel-pruned standard convolution layer can achieve better accuracy and inference speed when using a similar parameter size. This observation is supported by the analyses concerning the characteristics of the target data domain, face. Based on our observation, we propose to employ ResNet with a highly reduced channel, which surprisingly allows high efficiency compared to other mobile-friendly networks (e.g., MobileNet-V1,-V2,-V3). From the extensive experiments, we show that the proposed backbone can replace that of the state-of-the-art face detector with a faster inference speed. Also, we further propose a new feature aggregation method maximizing the detection performance. Our proposed detector EResFD obtained 80.4% mAP on WIDER FACE Hard subset which only takes 37.7 ms for VGA image inference in on CPU. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/clovaai/EResFD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 46.Attribute Prototype Network for Any-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01208.pdf)
>  Any-shot image classification allows to recognize novel classes with only a few or even zero samples. For the task of zero-shot learning, visual attributes have been shown to play an important role, while in the few-shot regime, the effect of attributes is under-explored. To better transfer attribute-based knowledge from seen to unseen classes, we argue that an image representation with integrated attribute localization ability would be beneficial for any-shot, i.e. zero-shot and few-shot, image classification tasks. To this end, we propose a novel representation learning framework that jointly learns discriminative global and local features using only class-level attributes. While a visual-semantic embedding layer learns global features, local features are learned through an attribute prototype network that simultaneously regresses and decorrelates attributes from intermediate features. Furthermore, we introduce a zoom-in module that localizes and crops the informative regions to encourage the network to learn informative features explicitly. We show that our locality augmented image representations achieve a new state-of-the-art on challenging benchmarks, i.e. CUB, AWA2, and SUN. As an additional benefit, our model points to the visual evidence of the attributes in an image, confirming the improved attribute localization ability of our image representation. The attribute localization is evaluated quantitatively with ground truth part annotations, qualitatively with visualizations, and through well-designed user studies.      
### 47.Unsupervised Change Detection Based on Image Reconstruction Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01200.pdf)
>  To train the change detector, bi-temporal images taken at different times in the same area are used. However, collecting labeled bi-temporal images is expensive and time consuming. To solve this problem, various unsupervised change detection methods have been proposed, but they still require unlabeled bi-temporal images. In this paper, we propose unsupervised change detection based on image reconstruction loss using only unlabeled single temporal single image. The image reconstruction model is trained to reconstruct the original source image by receiving the source image and the photometrically transformed source image as a pair. During inference, the model receives bi-temporal images as the input, and tries to reconstruct one of the inputs. The changed region between bi-temporal images shows high reconstruction loss. Our change detector showed significant performance in various change detection benchmark datasets even though only a single temporal single source image was used. The code and trained models will be publicly available for reproducibility.      
### 48.Revisiting Sliced Wasserstein on Images: From Vectorization to Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01188.pdf)
>  The conventional sliced Wasserstein is defined between two probability measures that have realizations as vectors. When comparing two probability measures over images, practitioners first need to vectorize images and then project them to one-dimensional space by using matrix multiplication between the sample matrix and the projection matrix. After that, the sliced Wasserstein is evaluated by averaging the two corresponding one-dimensional projected probability measures. However, this approach has two limitations. The first limitation is that the spatial structure of images is not captured efficiently by the vectorization step; therefore, the later slicing process becomes harder to gather the discrepancy information. The second limitation is memory inefficiency since each slicing direction is a vector that has the same dimension as the images. To address these limitations, we propose novel slicing methods for sliced Wasserstein between probability measures over images that are based on the convolution operators. We derive convolution sliced Wasserstein (CSW) and its variants via incorporating stride, dilation, and non-linear activation function into the convolution operators. We investigate the metricity of CSW as well as its sample complexity, its computational complexity, and its connection to conventional sliced Wasserstein distances. Finally, we demonstrate the favorable performance of CSW over the conventional sliced Wasserstein in comparing probability measures over images and in training deep generative modeling on images.      
### 49.Revisiting a kNN-based Image Classification System with High-capacity Storage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01186.pdf)
>  In existing image classification systems that use deep neural networks, the knowledge needed for image classification is implicitly stored in model parameters. If users want to update this knowledge, then they need to fine-tune the model parameters. Moreover, users cannot verify the validity of inference results or evaluate the contribution of knowledge to the results. In this paper, we investigate a system that stores knowledge for image classification, such as image feature maps, labels, and original images, not in model parameters but in external high-capacity storage. Our system refers to the storage like a database when classifying input images. To increase knowledge, our system updates the database instead of fine-tuning model parameters, which avoids catastrophic forgetting in incremental learning scenarios. We revisit a kNN (k-Nearest Neighbor) classifier and employ it in our system. By analyzing the neighborhood samples referred by the kNN algorithm, we can interpret how knowledge learned in the past is used for inference results. Our system achieves 79.8% top-1 accuracy on the ImageNet dataset without fine-tuning model parameters after pretraining, and 90.8% accuracy on the Split CIFAR-100 dataset in the task incremental learning setting.      
### 50.Exploiting Temporal Relations on Radar Perception for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01184.pdf)
>  We consider the object recognition problem in autonomous driving using automotive radar sensors. Comparing to Lidar sensors, radar is cost-effective and robust in all-weather conditions for perception in autonomous driving. However, radar signals suffer from low angular resolution and precision in recognizing surrounding objects. To enhance the capacity of automotive radar, in this work, we exploit the temporal information from successive ego-centric bird-eye-view radar image frames for radar object recognition. We leverage the consistency of an object's existence and attributes (size, orientation, etc.), and propose a temporal relational layer to explicitly model the relations between objects within successive radar images. In both object detection and multiple object tracking, we show the superiority of our method compared to several baseline approaches.      
### 51.Shape-Pose Disentanglement using SE(3)-equivariant Vector Neurons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01159.pdf)
>  We introduce an unsupervised technique for encoding point clouds into a canonical shape representation, by disentangling shape and pose. Our encoder is stable and consistent, meaning that the shape encoding is purely pose-invariant, while the extracted rotation and translation are able to semantically align different input shapes of the same class to a common canonical pose. Specifically, we design an auto-encoder based on Vector Neuron Networks, a rotation-equivariant neural network, whose layers we extend to provide translation-equivariance in addition to rotation-equivariance only. The resulting encoder produces pose-invariant shape encoding by construction, enabling our approach to focus on learning a consistent canonical pose for a class of objects. Quantitative and qualitative experiments validate the superior stability and consistency of our approach.      
### 52.Indoor Navigation Assistance for Visually Impaired People via Dynamic SLAM and Panoptic Segmentation with an RGB-D Sensor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01154.pdf)
>  Exploring an unfamiliar indoor environment and avoiding obstacles is challenging for visually impaired people. Currently, several approaches achieve the avoidance of static obstacles based on the mapping of indoor scenes. To solve the issue of distinguishing dynamic obstacles, we propose an assistive system with an RGB-D sensor to detect dynamic information of a scene. Once the system captures an image, panoptic segmentation is performed to obtain the prior dynamic object information. With sparse feature points extracted from images and the depth information, poses of the user can be estimated. After the ego-motion estimation, the dynamic object can be identified and tracked. Then, poses and speed of tracked dynamic objects can be estimated, which are passed to the users through acoustic feedback.      
### 53.BNV-Fusion: Dense 3D Reconstruction using Bi-level Neural Volume Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01139.pdf)
>  Dense 3D reconstruction from a stream of depth images is the key to many mixed reality and robotic applications. Although methods based on Truncated Signed Distance Function (TSDF) Fusion have advanced the field over the years, the TSDF volume representation is confronted with striking a balance between the robustness to noisy measurements and maintaining the level of detail. We present Bi-level Neural Volume Fusion (BNV-Fusion), which leverages recent advances in neural implicit representations and neural rendering for dense 3D reconstruction. In order to incrementally integrate new depth maps into a global neural implicit representation, we propose a novel bi-level fusion strategy that considers both efficiency and reconstruction quality by design. We evaluate the proposed method on multiple datasets quantitatively and qualitatively, demonstrating a significant improvement over existing methods.      
### 54.Adjusting for Bias with Procedural Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01108.pdf)
>  3D softwares are now capable of producing highly realistic images that look nearly indistinguishable from the real images. This raises the question: can real datasets be enhanced with 3D rendered data? We investigate this question. In this paper we demonstrate the use of 3D rendered data, procedural, data for the adjustment of bias in image datasets. We perform error analysis of images of animals which shows that the misclassification of some animal breeds is largely a data issue. We then create procedural images of the poorly classified breeds and that model further trained on procedural data can better classify poorly performing breeds on real data. We believe that this approach can be used for the enhancement of visual data for any underrepresented group, including rare diseases, or any data bias potentially improving the accuracy and fairness of models. We find that the resulting representations rival or even out-perform those learned directly from real data, but that good performance requires care in the 3D rendered procedural data generation. 3D image dataset can be viewed as a compressed and organized copy of a real dataset, and we envision a future where more and more procedural data proliferate while datasets become increasingly unwieldy, missing, or private. This paper suggests several techniques for dealing with visual representation learning in such a future.      
### 55.Adversarially robust segmentation models learn perceptually-aligned gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01099.pdf)
>  The effects of adversarial training on semantic segmentation networks has not been thoroughly explored. While previous work has shown that adversarially-trained image classifiers can be used to perform image synthesis, we have yet to understand how best to leverage an adversarially-trained segmentation network to do the same. Using a simple optimizer, we demonstrate that adversarially-trained semantic segmentation networks can be used to perform image inpainting and generation. Our experiments demonstrate that adversarially-trained segmentation networks are more robust and indeed exhibit perceptually-aligned gradients which help in producing plausible image inpaintings. We seek to place additional weight behind the hypothesis that adversarially robust models exhibit gradients that are more perceptually-aligned with human vision. Through image synthesis, we argue that perceptually-aligned gradients promote a better understanding of a neural network's learned representations and aid in making neural networks more interpretable.      
### 56.Faces: AI Blitz XIII Solutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01081.pdf)
>  AI Blitz XIII Faces challenge hosted on <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.aicrowd.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> platform consisted of five problems: Sentiment Classification, Age Prediction, Mask Prediction, Face Recognition, and Face De-Blurring. Our team GLaDOS took second place. Here we present our solutions and results. Code implementation: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ndrwmlnk/ai-blitz-xiii" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 57.ES6D: A Computation Efficient and Symmetry-Aware 6D Pose Regression Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01080.pdf)
>  In this paper, a computation efficient regression framework is presented for estimating the 6D pose of rigid objects from a single RGB-D image, which is applicable to handling symmetric objects. This framework is designed in a simple architecture that efficiently extracts point-wise features from RGB-D data using a fully convolutional network, called XYZNet, and directly regresses the 6D pose without any post refinement. In the case of symmetric object, one object has multiple ground-truth poses, and this one-to-many relationship may lead to estimation ambiguity. In order to solve this ambiguity problem, we design a symmetry-invariant pose distance metric, called average (maximum) grouped primitives distance or A(M)GPD. The proposed A(M)GPD loss can make the regression network converge to the correct state, i.e., all minima in the A(M)GPD loss surface are mapped to the correct poses. Extensive experiments on YCB-Video and T-LESS datasets demonstrate the proposed framework's substantially superior performance in top accuracy and low computational cost.      
### 58.In Rain or Shine: Understanding and Overcoming Dataset Bias for Improving Robustness Against Weather Corruptions for Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01062.pdf)
>  Several popular computer vision (CV) datasets, specifically employed for Object Detection (OD) in autonomous driving tasks exhibit biases due to a range of factors including weather and lighting conditions. These biases may impair a model's generalizability, rendering it ineffective for OD in novel and unseen datasets. Especially, in autonomous driving, it may prove extremely high risk and unsafe for the vehicle and its surroundings. This work focuses on understanding these datasets better by identifying such "good-weather" bias. Methods to mitigate such bias which allows the OD models to perform better and improve the robustness are also demonstrated. A simple yet effective OD framework for studying bias mitigation is proposed. Using this framework, the performance on popular datasets is analyzed and a significant difference in model performance is observed. Additionally, a knowledge transfer technique and a synthetic image corruption technique are proposed to mitigate the identified bias. Finally, using the DAWN dataset, the findings are validated on the OD task, demonstrating the effectiveness of our techniques in mitigating real-world "good-weather" bias. The experiments show that the proposed techniques outperform baseline methods by averaged fourfold improvement.      
### 59.Style-Based Global Appearance Flow for Virtual Try-On  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01046.pdf)
>  Image-based virtual try-on aims to fit an in-shop garment into a clothed person image. To achieve this, a key step is garment warping which spatially aligns the target garment with the corresponding body parts in the person image. Prior methods typically adopt a local appearance flow estimation model. They are thus intrinsically susceptible to difficult body poses/occlusions and large mis-alignments between person and garment images (see Fig.~\ref{fig:fig1}). To overcome this limitation, a novel global appearance flow estimation model is proposed in this work. For the first time, a StyleGAN based architecture is adopted for appearance flow estimation. This enables us to take advantage of a global style vector to encode a whole-image context to cope with the aforementioned challenges. To guide the StyleGAN flow generator to pay more attention to local garment deformation, a flow refinement module is introduced to add local context. Experiment results on a popular virtual try-on benchmark show that our method achieves new state-of-the-art performance. It is particularly effective in a `in-the-wild' application scenario where the reference image is full-body resulting in a large mis-alignment with the garment image (Fig.~\ref{fig:fig1} Top). Code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SenHe/Flow-Style-VTON" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 60.Distortion-Aware Self-Supervised 360 Depth Estimation from A Single Equirectangular Projection Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01027.pdf)
>  360 images are widely available over the last few years. This paper proposes a new technique for single 360 image depth prediction under open environments. Depth prediction from a 360 single image is not easy for two reasons. One is the limitation of supervision datasets - the currently available dataset is limited to indoor scenes. The other is the problems caused by Equirectangular Projection Format (ERP), commonly used for 360 images, that are coordinate and distortion. There is only one method existing that uses cube map projection to produce six perspective images and apply self-supervised learning using motion pictures for perspective depth prediction to deal with these problems. Different from the existing method, we directly use the ERP format. We propose a framework of direct use of ERP with coordinate conversion of correspondences and distortion-aware upsampling module to deal with the ERP related problems and extend a self-supervised learning method for open environments. For the experiments, we firstly built a dataset for the evaluation, and quantitatively evaluate the depth prediction in outdoor scenes. We show that it outperforms the state-of-the-art technique      
### 61.STCrowd: A Multimodal Dataset for Pedestrian Perception in Crowded Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01026.pdf)
>  Accurately detecting and tracking pedestrians in 3D space is challenging due to large variations in rotations, poses and scales. The situation becomes even worse for dense crowds with severe occlusions. However, existing benchmarks either only provide 2D annotations, or have limited 3D annotations with low-density pedestrian distribution, making it difficult to build a reliable pedestrian perception system especially in crowded scenes. To better evaluate pedestrian perception algorithms in crowded scenarios, we introduce a large-scale multimodal dataset,STCrowd. Specifically, in STCrowd, there are a total of 219 K pedestrian instances and 20 persons per frame on average, with various levels of occlusion. We provide synchronized LiDAR point clouds and camera images as well as their corresponding 3D labels and joint IDs. STCrowd can be used for various tasks, including LiDAR-only, image-only, and sensor-fusion based pedestrian detection and tracking. We provide baselines for most of the tasks. In addition, considering the property of sparse global distribution and density-varying local distribution of pedestrians, we further propose a novel method, Density-aware Hierarchical heatmap Aggregation (DHA), to enhance pedestrian perception in crowded scenes. Extensive experiments show that our new method achieves state-of-the-art performance for pedestrian detection on various datasets.      
### 62.TransRAC: Encoding Multi-scale Temporal Correlation with Transformers for Repetitive Action Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01018.pdf)
>  Counting repetitive actions are widely seen in human activities such as physical exercise. Existing methods focus on performing repetitive action counting in short videos, which is tough for dealing with longer videos in more realistic scenarios. In the data-driven era, the degradation of such generalization capability is mainly attributed to the lack of long video datasets. To complement this margin, we introduce a new large-scale repetitive action counting dataset covering a wide variety of video lengths, along with more realistic situations where action interruption or action inconsistencies occur in the video. Besides, we also provide a fine-grained annotation of the action cycles instead of just counting annotation along with a numerical value. Such a dataset contains 1,451 videos with about 20,000 annotations, which is more challenging. For repetitive action counting towards more realistic scenarios, we further propose encoding multi-scale temporal correlation with transformers that can take into account both performance and efficiency. Furthermore, with the help of fine-grained annotation of action cycles, we propose a density map regression-based method to predict the action period, which yields better performance with sufficient interpretability. Our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods on all datasets and also achieves better performance on the unseen dataset without fine-tuning. The dataset and code are available.      
### 63.Region-aware Attention for Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01004.pdf)
>  Recent attention-based image inpainting methods have made inspiring progress by modeling long-range dependencies within a single image. However, they tend to generate blurry contents since the correlation between each pixel pairs is always misled by ill-predicted features in holes. To handle this problem, we propose a novel region-aware attention (RA) module. By avoiding the directly calculating corralation between each pixel pair in a single samples and considering the correlation between different samples, the misleading of invalid information in holes can be avoided. Meanwhile, a learnable region dictionary (LRD) is introduced to store important information in the entire dataset, which not only simplifies correlation modeling, but also avoids information redundancy. By applying RA in our architecture, our methodscan generate semantically plausible results with realistic details. Extensive experiments on CelebA, Places2 and Paris StreetView datasets validate the superiority of our method compared with existing methods.      
### 64.Improving Vision Transformers by Revisiting High-frequency Components  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00993.pdf)
>  The transformer models have shown promising effectiveness in dealing with various vision tasks. However, compared with training Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models, training Vision Transformer (ViT) models is more difficult and relies on the large-scale training set. To explain this observation we make a hypothesis that ViT models are less effective in capturing the high-frequency components of images than CNN models, and verify it by a frequency analysis. Inspired by this finding, we first investigate the effects of existing techniques for improving ViT models from a new frequency perspective, and find that the success of some techniques (e.g., RandAugment) can be attributed to the better usage of the high-frequency components. Then, to compensate for this insufficient ability of ViT models, we propose HAT, which directly augments high-frequency components of images via adversarial training. We show that HAT can consistently boost the performance of various ViT models (e.g., +1.2% for ViT-B, +0.5% for Swin-B), and especially enhance the advanced model VOLO-D5 to 87.3% that only uses ImageNet-1K data, and the superiority can also be maintained on out-of-distribution data and transferred to downstream tasks.      
### 65.POS-BERT: Point Cloud One-Stage BERT Pre-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00989.pdf)
>  Recently, the pre-training paradigm combining Transformer and masked language modeling has achieved tremendous success in NLP, images, and point clouds, such as BERT. However, directly extending BERT from NLP to point clouds requires training a fixed discrete Variational AutoEncoder (dVAE) before pre-training, which results in a complex two-stage method called Point-BERT. Inspired by BERT and MoCo, we propose POS-BERT, a one-stage BERT pre-training method for point clouds. Specifically, we use the mask patch modeling (MPM) task to perform point cloud pre-training, which aims to recover masked patches information under the supervision of the corresponding tokenizer output. Unlike Point-BERT, its tokenizer is extra-trained and frozen. We propose to use the dynamically updated momentum encoder as the tokenizer, which is updated and outputs the dynamic supervision signal along with the training process. Further, in order to learn high-level semantic representation, we combine contrastive learning to maximize the class token consistency between different transformation point clouds. Extensive experiments have demonstrated that POS-BERT can extract high-quality pre-training features and promote downstream tasks to improve performance. Using the pre-training model without any fine-tuning to extract features and train linear SVM on ModelNet40, POS-BERT achieves the state-of-the-art classification accuracy, which exceeds Point-BERT by 3.5\%. In addition, our approach has significantly improved many downstream tasks, such as fine-tuned classification, few-shot classification, part segmentation. The code and trained-models will be available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fukexue/POS-BERT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 66.BinsFormer: Revisiting Adaptive Bins for Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00987.pdf)
>  Monocular depth estimation is a fundamental task in computer vision and has drawn increasing attention. Recently, some methods reformulate it as a classification-regression task to boost the model performance, where continuous depth is estimated via a linear combination of predicted probability distributions and discrete bins. In this paper, we present a novel framework called BinsFormer, tailored for the classification-regression-based depth estimation. It mainly focuses on two crucial components in the specific task: 1) proper generation of adaptive bins and 2) sufficient interaction between probability distribution and bins predictions. To specify, we employ the Transformer decoder to generate bins, novelly viewing it as a direct set-to-set prediction problem. We further integrate a multi-scale decoder structure to achieve a comprehensive understanding of spatial geometry information and estimate depth maps in a coarse-to-fine manner. Moreover, an extra scene understanding query is proposed to improve the estimation accuracy, which turns out that models can implicitly learn useful information from an auxiliary environment classification task. Extensive experiments on the KITTI, NYU, and SUN RGB-D datasets demonstrate that BinsFormer surpasses state-of-the-art monocular depth estimation methods with prominent margins. Code and pretrained models will be made publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhyever/Monocular-Depth-Estimation-Toolbox" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 67.Question-Driven Graph Fusion Network For Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00975.pdf)
>  Existing Visual Question Answering (VQA) models have explored various visual relationships between objects in the image to answer complex questions, which inevitably introduces irrelevant information brought by inaccurate object detection and text grounding. To address the problem, we propose a Question-Driven Graph Fusion Network (QD-GFN). It first models semantic, spatial, and implicit visual relations in images by three graph attention networks, then question information is utilized to guide the aggregation process of the three graphs, further, our QD-GFN adopts an object filtering mechanism to remove question-irrelevant objects contained in the image. Experiment results demonstrate that our QD-GFN outperforms the prior state-of-the-art on both VQA 2.0 and VQA-CP v2 datasets. Further analysis shows that both the novel graph aggregation method and object filtering mechanism play a significant role in improving the performance of the model.      
### 68.Neural Global Shutter: Learn to Restore Video from a Rolling Shutter Camera with Global Reset Feature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00974.pdf)
>  Most computer vision systems assume distortion-free images as inputs. The widely used rolling-shutter (RS) image sensors, however, suffer from geometric distortion when the camera and object undergo motion during capture. Extensive researches have been conducted on correcting RS distortions. However, most of the existing work relies heavily on the prior assumptions of scenes or motions. Besides, the motion estimation steps are either oversimplified or computationally inefficient due to the heavy flow warping, limiting their applicability. In this paper, we investigate using rolling shutter with a global reset feature (RSGR) to restore clean global shutter (GS) videos. This feature enables us to turn the rectification problem into a deblur-like one, getting rid of inaccurate and costly explicit motion estimation. First, we build an optic system that captures paired RSGR/GS videos. Second, we develop a novel algorithm incorporating spatial and temporal designs to correct the spatial-varying RSGR distortion. Third, we demonstrate that existing image-to-image translation algorithms can recover clean GS videos from distorted RSGR inputs, yet our algorithm achieves the best performance with the specific designs. Our rendered results are not only visually appealing but also beneficial to downstream tasks. Compared to the state-of-the-art RS solution, our RSGR solution is superior in both effectiveness and efficiency. Considering it is easy to realize without changing the hardware, we believe our RSGR solution can potentially replace the RS solution in taking distortion-free videos with low noise and low budget.      
### 69.Kernel Extreme Learning Machine Optimized by the Sparrow Search Algorithm for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00973.pdf)
>  To improve the classification performance and generalization ability of the hyperspectral image classification algorithm, this paper uses Multi-Scale Total Variation (MSTV) to extract the spectral features, local binary pattern (LBP) to extract spatial features, and feature superposition to obtain the fused features of hyperspectral images. A new swarm intelligence optimization method with high convergence and strong global search capability, the Sparrow Search Algorithm (SSA), is used to optimize the kernel parameters and regularization coefficients of the Kernel Extreme Learning Machine (KELM). In summary, a multiscale fusion feature hyperspectral image classification method (MLS-KELM) is proposed in this paper. The Indian Pines, Pavia University and Houston 2013 datasets were selected to validate the classification performance of MLS-KELM, and the method was applied to ZY1-02D hyperspectral data. The experimental results show that MLS-KELM has better classification performance and generalization ability compared with other popular classification methods, and MLS-KELM shows its strong robustness in the small sample case.      
### 70.DST: Dynamic Substitute Training for Data-free Black-box Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00972.pdf)
>  With the wide applications of deep neural network models in various computer vision tasks, more and more works study the model vulnerability to adversarial examples. For data-free black box attack scenario, existing methods are inspired by the knowledge distillation, and thus usually train a substitute model to learn knowledge from the target model using generated data as input. However, the substitute model always has a static network structure, which limits the attack ability for various target models and tasks. In this paper, we propose a novel dynamic substitute training attack method to encourage substitute model to learn better and faster from the target model. Specifically, a dynamic substitute structure learning strategy is proposed to adaptively generate optimal substitute model structure via a dynamic gate according to different target models and tasks. Moreover, we introduce a task-driven graph-based structure information learning constrain to improve the quality of generated training data, and facilitate the substitute model learning structural relationships from the target model multiple outputs. Extensive experiments have been conducted to verify the efficacy of the proposed attack method, which can achieve better performance compared with the state-of-the-art competitors on several datasets.      
### 71.AdaFace: Quality Adaptive Margin for Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00964.pdf)
>  Recognition in low quality face datasets is challenging because facial attributes are obscured and degraded. Advances in margin-based loss functions have resulted in enhanced discriminability of faces in the embedding space. Further, previous studies have studied the effect of adaptive losses to assign more importance to misclassified (hard) examples. In this work, we introduce another aspect of adaptiveness in the loss function, namely the image quality. We argue that the strategy to emphasize misclassified samples should be adjusted according to their image quality. Specifically, the relative importance of easy or hard samples should be based on the sample's image quality. We propose a new loss function that emphasizes samples of different difficulties based on their image quality. Our method achieves this in the form of an adaptive margin function by approximating the image quality with feature norms. Extensive experiments show that our method, AdaFace, improves the face recognition performance over the state-of-the-art (SoTA) on four datasets (IJB-B, IJB-C, IJB-S and TinyFace). Code and models are released in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mk-minchul/AdaFace" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 72.A Sentinel-2 multi-year, multi-country benchmark dataset for crop classification and segmentation with deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00951.pdf)
>  In this work we introduce Sen4AgriNet, a Sentinel-2 based time series multi country benchmark dataset, tailored for agricultural monitoring applications with Machine and Deep Learning. Sen4AgriNet dataset is annotated from farmer declarations collected via the Land Parcel Identification System (LPIS) for harmonizing country wide labels. These declarations have only recently been made available as open data, allowing for the first time the labeling of satellite imagery from ground truth data. We proceed to propose and standardise a new crop type taxonomy across Europe that address Common Agriculture Policy (CAP) needs, based on the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) Indicative Crop Classification scheme. Sen4AgriNet is the only multi-country, multi-year dataset that includes all spectral information. It is constructed to cover the period 2016-2020 for Catalonia and France, while it can be extended to include additional countries. Currently, it contains 42.5 million parcels, which makes it significantly larger than other available archives. We extract two sub-datasets to highlight its value for diverse Deep Learning applications; the Object Aggregated Dataset (OAD) and the Patches Assembled Dataset (PAD). OAD capitalizes zonal statistics of each parcel, thus creating a powerful label-to-features instance for classification algorithms. On the other hand, PAD structure generalizes the classification problem to parcel extraction and semantic segmentation and labeling. The PAD and OAD are examined under three different scenarios to showcase and model the effects of spatial and temporal variability across different years and different countries.      
### 73.Matching Feature Sets for Few-Shot Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00949.pdf)
>  In image classification, it is common practice to train deep networks to extract a single feature vector per input image. Few-shot classification methods also mostly follow this trend. In this work, we depart from this established direction and instead propose to extract sets of feature vectors for each image. We argue that a set-based representation intrinsically builds a richer representation of images from the base classes, which can subsequently better transfer to the few-shot classes. To do so, we propose to adapt existing feature extractors to instead produce sets of feature vectors from images. Our approach, dubbed SetFeat, embeds shallow self-attention mechanisms inside existing encoder architectures. The attention modules are lightweight, and as such our method results in encoders that have approximately the same number of parameters as their original versions. During training and inference, a set-to-set matching metric is used to perform image classification. The effectiveness of our proposed architecture and metrics is demonstrated via thorough experiments on standard few-shot datasets -- namely miniImageNet, tieredImageNet, and CUB -- in both the 1- and 5-shot scenarios. In all cases but one, our method outperforms the state-of-the-art.      
### 74.Progressive Minimal Path Method with Embedded CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00944.pdf)
>  We propose Path-CNN, a method for the segmentation of centerlines of tubular structures by embedding convolutional neural networks (CNNs) into the progressive minimal path method. Minimal path methods are widely used for topology-aware centerline segmentation, but usually these methods rely on weak, hand-tuned image features. In contrast, CNNs use strong image features which are learned automatically from images. But CNNs usually do not take the topology of the results into account, and often require a large amount of annotations for training. We integrate CNNs into the minimal path method, so that both techniques benefit from each other: CNNs employ learned image features to improve the determination of minimal paths, while the minimal path method ensures the correct topology of the segmented centerlines, provides strong geometric priors to increase the performance of CNNs, and reduces the amount of annotations for the training of CNNs significantly. Our method has lower hardware requirements than many recent methods. Qualitative and quantitative comparison with other methods shows that Path-CNN achieves better performance, especially when dealing with tubular structures with complex shapes in challenging environments.      
### 75.TripleNet: A Low Computing Power Platform of Low-Parameter Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00943.pdf)
>  With the excellent performance of deep learning technology in the field of computer vision, convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture has become the main backbone of computer vision task technology. With the widespread use of mobile devices, neural network models based on platforms with low computing power are gradually being paid attention. This paper proposes a lightweight convolutional neural network model, TripleNet, an improved convolutional neural network based on HarDNet and ThreshNet, inheriting the advantages of small memory usage and low power consumption of the mentioned two models. TripleNet uses three different convolutional layers combined into a new model architecture, which has less number of parameters than that of HarDNet and ThreshNet. CIFAR-10 and SVHN datasets were used for image classification by employing HarDNet, ThreshNet, and our proposed TripleNet for verification. Experimental results show that, compared with HarDNet, TripleNet's parameters are reduced by 66% and its accuracy rate is increased by 18%; compared with ThreshNet, TripleNet's parameters are reduced by 37% and its accuracy rate is increased by 5%.      
### 76.A-ACT: Action Anticipation through Cycle Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00942.pdf)
>  While action anticipation has garnered a lot of research interest recently, most of the works focus on anticipating future action directly through observed visual cues only. In this work, we take a step back to analyze how the human capability to anticipate the future can be transferred to machine learning algorithms. To incorporate this ability in intelligent systems a question worth pondering upon is how exactly do we anticipate? Is it by anticipating future actions from past experiences? Or is it by simulating possible scenarios based on cues from the present? A recent study on human psychology explains that, in anticipating an occurrence, the human brain counts on both systems. In this work, we study the impact of each system for the task of action anticipation and introduce a paradigm to integrate them in a learning framework. We believe that intelligent systems designed by leveraging the psychological anticipation models will do a more nuanced job at the task of human action prediction. Furthermore, we introduce cyclic transformation in the temporal dimension in feature and semantic label space to instill the human ability of reasoning of past actions based on the predicted future. Experiments on Epic-Kitchen, Breakfast, and 50Salads dataset demonstrate that the action anticipation model learned using a combination of the two systems along with the cycle transformation performs favorably against various state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 77.SinNeRF: Training Neural Radiance Fields on Complex Scenes from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00928.pdf)
>  Despite the rapid development of Neural Radiance Field (NeRF), the necessity of dense covers largely prohibits its wider applications. While several recent works have attempted to address this issue, they either operate with sparse views (yet still, a few of them) or on simple objects/scenes. In this work, we consider a more ambitious task: training neural radiance field, over realistically complex visual scenes, by "looking only once", i.e., using only a single view. To attain this goal, we present a Single View NeRF (SinNeRF) framework consisting of thoughtfully designed semantic and geometry regularizations. Specifically, SinNeRF constructs a semi-supervised learning process, where we introduce and propagate geometry pseudo labels and semantic pseudo labels to guide the progressive training process. Extensive experiments are conducted on complex scene benchmarks, including NeRF synthetic dataset, Local Light Field Fusion dataset, and DTU dataset. We show that even without pre-training on multi-view datasets, SinNeRF can yield photo-realistic novel-view synthesis results. Under the single image setting, SinNeRF significantly outperforms the current state-of-the-art NeRF baselines in all cases. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vita-group.github.io/SinNeRF/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 78.Word separation in continuous sign language using isolated signs and post-processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00923.pdf)
>  Continuous Sign Language Recognition (CSLR) is a long challenging task in Computer Vision due to the difficulties in detecting the explicit boundaries between the words in a sign sentence. To deal with this challenge, we propose a two-stage model. In the first stage, the predictor model, which includes a combination of CNN, SVD, and LSTM, is trained with the isolated signs. In the second stage, we apply a post-processing algorithm to the Softmax outputs obtained from the first part of the model in order to separate the isolated signs in the continuous signs. Due to the lack of a large dataset, including both the sign sequences and the corresponding isolated signs, two public datasets in Isolated Sign Language Recognition (ISLR), RKS-PERSIANSIGN and ASLVID, are used for evaluation. Results of the continuous sign videos confirm the efficiency of the proposed model to deal with isolated sign boundaries detection.      
### 79.Deep Algebraic Fitting for Multiple Circle Primitives Extraction from Raw Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00920.pdf)
>  The shape of circle is one of fundamental geometric primitives of man-made engineering objects. Thus, extraction of circles from scanned point clouds is a quite important task in 3D geometry data processing. However, existing circle extraction methods either are sensitive to the quality of raw point clouds when classifying circle-boundary points, or require well-designed fitting functions when regressing circle parameters. To relieve the challenges, we propose an end-to-end Point Cloud Circle Algebraic Fitting Network (Circle-Net) based on a synergy of deep circle-boundary point feature learning and weighted algebraic fitting. First, we design a circle-boundary learning module, which considers local and global neighboring contexts of each point, to detect all potential circle-boundary points. Second, we develop a deep feature based circle parameter learning module for weighted algebraic fitting, without designing any weight metric, to avoid the influence of outliers during fitting. Unlike most of the cutting-edge circle extraction wisdoms, the proposed classification-and-fitting modules are originally co-trained with a comprehensive loss to enhance the quality of extracted circles.Comparisons on the established dataset and real-scanned point clouds exhibit clear improvements of Circle-Net over SOTAs in terms of both noise-robustness and extraction accuracy. We will release our code, model, and data for both training and evaluation on GitHub upon publication.      
### 80.Mix-up Self-Supervised Learning for Contrast-agnostic Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00901.pdf)
>  Contrastive self-supervised learning has attracted significant research attention recently. It learns effective visual representations from unlabeled data by embedding augmented views of the same image close to each other while pushing away embeddings of different images. Despite its great success on ImageNet classification, COCO object detection, etc., its performance degrades on contrast-agnostic applications, e.g., medical image classification, where all images are visually similar to each other. This creates difficulties in optimizing the embedding space as the distance between images is rather small. To solve this issue, we present the first mix-up self-supervised learning framework for contrast-agnostic applications. We address the low variance across images based on cross-domain mix-up and build the pretext task based on two synergistic objectives: image reconstruction and transparency prediction. Experimental results on two benchmark datasets validate the effectiveness of our method, where an improvement of 2.5% ~ 7.4% in top-1 accuracy was obtained compared to existing self-supervised learning methods.      
### 81.A Free Lunch to Person Re-identification: Learning from Automatically Generated Noisy Tracklets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00891.pdf)
>  A series of unsupervised video-based re-identification (re-ID) methods have been proposed to solve the problem of high labor cost required to annotate re-ID datasets. But their performance is still far lower than the supervised counterparts. In the mean time, clean datasets without noise are used in these methods, which is not realistic. In this paper, we propose to tackle this problem by learning re-ID models from automatically generated person tracklets by multiple objects tracking (MOT) algorithm. To this end, we design a tracklet-based multi-level clustering (TMC) framework to effectively learn the re-ID model from the noisy person tracklets. First, intra-tracklet isolation to reduce ID switch noise within tracklets; second, alternates between using inter-tracklet association to eliminate ID fragmentation noise and network training using the pseudo label. Extensive experiments on MARS with various manually generated noises show the effectiveness of the proposed framework. Specifically, the proposed framework achieved mAP 53.4% and rank-1 63.7% on the simulated tracklets with strongest noise, even outperforming the best existing method on clean tracklets. Based on the results, we believe that building re-ID models from automatically generated noisy tracklets is a reasonable approach and will also be an important way to make re-ID models feasible in real-world applications.      
### 82.Adversarial Neon Beam: Robust Physical-World Adversarial Attack to DNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00853.pdf)
>  In the physical world, light affects the performance of deep neural networks. Nowadays, many products based on deep neural network have been put into daily life. There are few researches on the effect of light on the performance of deep neural network models. However, the adversarial perturbations generated by light may have extremely dangerous effects on these systems. In this work, we propose an attack method called adversarial neon beam (AdvNB), which can execute the physical attack by obtaining the physical parameters of adversarial neon beams with very few queries. Experiments show that our algorithm can achieve advanced attack effect in both digital test and physical test. In the digital environment, 99.3% attack success rate was achieved, and in the physical environment, 100% attack success rate was achieved. Compared with the most advanced physical attack methods, our method can achieve better physical perturbation concealment. In addition, by analyzing the experimental data, we reveal some new phenomena brought about by the adversarial neon beam attack.      
### 83.Rotated Object Detection via Scale-invariant Mahalanobis Distance in Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00840.pdf)
>  Rotated object detection in aerial images is a meaningful yet challenging task as objects are densely arranged and have arbitrary orientations. The eight-parameter (coordinates of box vectors) methods in rotated object detection usually use ln-norm losses (L1 loss, L2 loss, and smooth L1 loss) as loss functions. As ln-norm losses are mainly based on non-scale-invariant Minkowski distance, using ln-norm losses will lead to inconsistency with the detection metric rotational Intersection-over-Union (IoU) and training instability. To address the problems, we use Mahalanobis distance to calculate loss between the predicted and the target box vertices' vectors, proposing a new loss function called Mahalanobis Distance Loss (MDL) for eight-parameter rotated object detection. As Mahalanobis distance is scale-invariant, MDL is more consistent with detection metric and more stable during training than ln-norm losses. To alleviate the problem of boundary discontinuity like all other eight-parameter methods, we further take the minimum loss value to make MDL continuous at boundary cases. We achieve state-of-art performance on DOTA-v1.0 with the proposed method MDL. Furthermore, compared to the experiment that uses smooth L1 loss, we find that MDL performs better in rotated object detection.      
### 84.PixelFolder: An Efficient Progressive Pixel Synthesis Network for Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00833.pdf)
>  Pixel synthesis is a promising research paradigm for image generation, which can well exploit pixel-wise prior knowledge for generation. However, existing methods still suffer from excessive memory footprint and computation overhead. In this paper, we propose a progressive pixel synthesis network towards efficient image generation, coined as PixelFolder. Specifically, PixelFolder formulates image generation as a progressive pixel regression problem and synthesizes images by a multi-stage paradigm, which can greatly reduce the overhead caused by large tensor transformations. In addition, we introduce novel pixel folding operations to further improve model efficiency while maintaining pixel-wise prior knowledge for end-to-end regression. With these innovative designs, we greatly reduce the expenditure of pixel synthesis, e.g., reducing 90% computation and 57% parameters compared to the latest pixel synthesis method called CIPS. To validate our approach, we conduct extensive experiments on two benchmark datasets, namely FFHQ and LSUN Church. The experimental results show that with much less expenditure, PixelFolder obtains new state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance on two benchmark datasets, i.e., 3.77 FID and 2.45 FID on FFHQ and LSUN Church, respectively. Meanwhile, PixelFolder is also more efficient than the SOTA methods like StyleGAN2, reducing about 74% computation and 36% parameters, respectively. These results greatly validate the effectiveness of the proposed PixelFolder.      
### 85.Online Convolutional Re-parameterization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00826.pdf)
>  Structural re-parameterization has drawn increasing attention in various computer vision tasks. It aims at improving the performance of deep models without introducing any inference-time cost. Though efficient during inference, such models rely heavily on the complicated training-time blocks to achieve high accuracy, leading to large extra training cost. In this paper, we present online convolutional re-parameterization (OREPA), a two-stage pipeline, aiming to reduce the huge training overhead by squeezing the complex training-time block into a single convolution. To achieve this goal, we introduce a linear scaling layer for better optimizing the online blocks. Assisted with the reduced training cost, we also explore some more effective re-param components. Compared with the state-of-the-art re-param models, OREPA is able to save the training-time memory cost by about 70% and accelerate the training speed by around 2x. Meanwhile, equipped with OREPA, the models outperform previous methods on ImageNet by up to +0.6%.We also conduct experiments on object detection and semantic segmentation and show consistent improvements on the downstream tasks. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JUGGHM/OREPA_CVPR2022" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 86.Semantic-Aware Domain Generalized Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00822.pdf)
>  Deep models trained on source domain lack generalization when evaluated on unseen target domains with different data distributions. The problem becomes even more pronounced when we have no access to target domain samples for adaptation. In this paper, we address domain generalized semantic segmentation, where a segmentation model is trained to be domain-invariant without using any target domain data. Existing approaches to tackle this problem standardize data into a unified distribution. We argue that while such a standardization promotes global normalization, the resulting features are not discriminative enough to get clear segmentation boundaries. To enhance separation between categories while simultaneously promoting domain invariance, we propose a framework including two novel modules: Semantic-Aware Normalization (SAN) and Semantic-Aware Whitening (SAW). Specifically, SAN focuses on category-level center alignment between features from different image styles, while SAW enforces distributed alignment for the already center-aligned features. With the help of SAN and SAW, we encourage both intra-category compactness and inter-category separability. We validate our approach through extensive experiments on widely-used datasets (i.e. GTAV, SYNTHIA, Cityscapes, Mapillary and BDDS). Our approach shows significant improvements over existing state-of-the-art on various backbone networks. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/leolyj/SAN-SAW" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 87.Unsupervised Coherent Video Cartoonization with Perceptual Motion Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00795.pdf)
>  In recent years, creative content generations like style transfer and neural photo editing have attracted more and more attention. Among these, cartoonization of real-world scenes has promising applications in entertainment and industry. Different from image translations focusing on improving the style effect of generated images, video cartoonization has additional requirements on the temporal consistency. In this paper, we propose a spatially-adaptive semantic alignment framework with perceptual motion consistency for coherent video cartoonization in an unsupervised manner. The semantic alignment module is designed to restore deformation of semantic structure caused by spatial information lost in the encoder-decoder architecture. Furthermore, we devise the spatio-temporal correlative map as a style-independent, global-aware regularization on the perceptual motion consistency. Deriving from similarity measurement of high-level features in photo and cartoon frames, it captures global semantic information beyond raw pixel-value in optical flow. Besides, the similarity measurement disentangles temporal relationships from domain-specific style properties, which helps regularize the temporal consistency without hurting style effects of cartoon images. Qualitative and quantitative experiments demonstrate our method is able to generate highly stylistic and temporal consistent cartoon videos.      
### 88.R(Det)^2: Randomized Decision Routing for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00794.pdf)
>  In the paradigm of object detection, the decision head is an important part, which affects detection performance significantly. Yet how to design a high-performance decision head remains to be an open issue. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to combine decision trees and deep neural networks in an end-to-end learning manner for object detection. First, we disentangle the decision choices and prediction values by plugging soft decision trees into neural networks. To facilitate effective learning, we propose randomized decision routing with node selective and associative losses, which can boost the feature representative learning and network decision simultaneously. Second, we develop the decision head for object detection with narrow branches to generate the routing probabilities and masks, for the purpose of obtaining divergent decisions from different nodes. We name this approach as the randomized decision routing for object detection, abbreviated as R(Det)$^2$. Experiments on MS-COCO dataset demonstrate that R(Det)$^2$ is effective to improve the detection performance. Equipped with existing detectors, it achieves $1.4\sim 3.6$\% AP improvement.      
### 89.IR-GAN: Image Manipulation with Linguistic Instruction by Increment Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00792.pdf)
>  Conditional image generation is an active research topic including text2image and image translation. <br>Recently image manipulation with linguistic instruction brings new challenges of multimodal conditional generation. <br>However, traditional conditional image generation models mainly focus on generating high-quality and visually realistic images, and lack resolving the partial consistency between image and instruction. <br>To address this issue, we propose an Increment Reasoning Generative Adversarial Network (IR-GAN), which aims to reason the consistency between visual increment in images and semantic increment in instructions. <br>First, we introduce the word-level and instruction-level instruction encoders to learn user's intention from history-correlated instructions as semantic increment. <br>Second, we embed the representation of semantic increment into that of source image for generating target image, where source image plays the role of referring auxiliary. <br>Finally, we propose a reasoning discriminator to measure the consistency between visual increment and semantic increment, which purifies user's intention and guarantees the good logic of generated target image. <br>Extensive experiments and visualization conducted on two datasets show the effectiveness of IR-GAN.      
### 90.SAD: A Large-scale Dataset towards Airport Detection in Synthetic Aperture Radar Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00790.pdf)
>  Airports have an important role in both military and civilian domains. The synthetic aperture radar (SAR) based airport detection has received increasing attention in recent years. However, due to the high cost of SAR imaging and annotation process, there is no publicly available SAR dataset for airport detection. As a result, deep learning methods have not been fully used in airport detection tasks. To provide a benchmark for airport detection research in SAR images, this paper introduces a large-scale SAR Airport Dataset (SAD). In order to adequately reflect the demands of real world applications, it contains 624 SAR images from Sentinel 1B and covers 104 airfield instances with different scales, orientations and shapes. The experiments of multiple deep learning approach on this dataset proves its effectiveness. It developing state-of-the-art airport area detection algorithms or other relevant tasks.      
### 91.Do learned representations respect causal relationships?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00762.pdf)
>  Data often has many semantic attributes that are causally associated with each other. But do attribute-specific learned representations of data also respect the same causal relations? We answer this question in three steps. First, we introduce NCINet, an approach for observational causal discovery from high-dimensional data. It is trained purely on synthetically generated representations and can be applied to real representations, and is specifically designed to mitigate the domain gap between the two. Second, we apply NCINet to identify the causal relations between image representations of different pairs of attributes with known and unknown causal relations between the labels. For this purpose, we consider image representations learned for predicting attributes on the 3D Shapes, CelebA, and the CASIA-WebFace datasets, which we annotate with multiple multi-class attributes. Third, we analyze the effect on the underlying causal relation between learned representations induced by various design choices in representation learning. Our experiments indicate that (1) NCINet significantly outperforms existing observational causal discovery approaches for estimating the causal relation between pairs of random samples, both in the presence and absence of an unobserved confounder, (2) under controlled scenarios, learned representations can indeed satisfy the underlying causal relations between their respective labels, and (3) the causal relations are positively correlated with the predictive capability of the representations.      
### 92.Homography Loss for Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00754.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D object detection is an essential task in autonomous driving. However, most current methods consider each 3D object in the scene as an independent training sample, while ignoring their inherent geometric relations, thus inevitably resulting in a lack of leveraging spatial constraints. In this paper, we propose a novel method that takes all the objects into consideration and explores their mutual relationships to help better estimate the 3D boxes. Moreover, since 2D detection is more reliable currently, we also investigate how to use the detected 2D boxes as guidance to globally constrain the optimization of the corresponding predicted 3D boxes. To this end, a differentiable loss function, termed as Homography Loss, is proposed to achieve the goal, which exploits both 2D and 3D information, aiming at balancing the positional relationships between different objects by global constraints, so as to obtain more accurately predicted 3D boxes. Thanks to the concise design, our loss function is universal and can be plugged into any mature monocular 3D detector, while significantly boosting the performance over their baseline. Experiments demonstrate that our method yields the best performance (Nov. 2021) compared with the other state-of-the-arts by a large margin on KITTI 3D datasets.      
### 93.What to look at and where: Semantic and Spatial Refined Transformer for detecting human-object interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00746.pdf)
>  We propose a novel one-stage Transformer-based semantic and spatial refined transformer (SSRT) to solve the Human-Object Interaction detection task, which requires to localize humans and objects, and predicts their interactions. Differently from previous Transformer-based HOI approaches, which mostly focus at improving the design of the decoder outputs for the final detection, SSRT introduces two new modules to help select the most relevant object-action pairs within an image and refine the queries' representation using rich semantic and spatial features. These enhancements lead to state-of-the-art results on the two most popular HOI benchmarks: V-COCO and HICO-DET.      
### 94.SkeleVision: Towards Adversarial Resiliency of Person Tracking with Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00734.pdf)
>  Person tracking using computer vision techniques has wide ranging applications such as autonomous driving, home security and sports analytics. However, the growing threat of adversarial attacks raises serious concerns regarding the security and reliability of such techniques. In this work, we study the impact of multi-task learning (MTL) on the adversarial robustness of the widely used SiamRPN tracker, in the context of person tracking. Specifically, we investigate the effect of jointly learning with semantically analogous tasks of person tracking and human keypoint detection. We conduct extensive experiments with more powerful adversarial attacks that can be physically realizable, demonstrating the practical value of our approach. Our empirical study with simulated as well as real-world datasets reveals that training with MTL consistently makes it harder to attack the SiamRPN tracker, compared to typically training only on the single task of person tracking.      
### 95.Learning Audio-Video Modalities from Image Captions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00679.pdf)
>  A major challenge in text-video and text-audio retrieval is the lack of large-scale training data. This is unlike image-captioning, where datasets are in the order of millions of samples. To close this gap we propose a new video mining pipeline which involves transferring captions from image captioning datasets to video clips with no additional manual effort. Using this pipeline, we create a new large-scale, weakly labelled audio-video captioning dataset consisting of millions of paired clips and captions. We show that training a multimodal transformed based model on this data achieves competitive performance on video retrieval and video captioning, matching or even outperforming HowTo100M pretraining with 20x fewer clips. We also show that our mined clips are suitable for text-audio pretraining, and achieve state of the art results for the task of audio retrieval.      
### 96.Hazard Detection And Avoidance For The Nova-C Lander  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00660.pdf)
>  In early 2022, Intuitive Machines' NOVA-C Lander will touch down on the lunar surface becoming the first commercial endeavor to visit a celestial body. NOVA-C will deliver six payloads to the lunar surface with various scientific and engineering objectives, ushering in a new era of commercial space exploration and utilization. However, to safely accomplish the mission, the NOVA-C lander must ensure its landing site is free of hazards larger than 30 cm and the slope of local terrain at touchdown is less than 10 degrees off vertical. To accomplish this, NOVA-C utilizes Intuitive Machines' precision navigation system, coupled with machine vision algorithms for scene reduction and landing site characterization. A unique aspect to the NOVA-C approach is the real-time nature of the hazard detection and avoidance algorithms--which are performed 400 meters above and down range of the intended landing site and completed within 15 seconds. In this paper, we review the theoretical foundations for the hazard detection and avoidance algorithms, describe the practical challenges of implementation on the NOVA-C flight computer, and present test and analysis results.      
### 97.Consistency driven Sequential Transformers Attention Model for Partially Observable Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00656.pdf)
>  Most hard attention models initially observe a complete scene to locate and sense informative glimpses, and predict class-label of a scene based on glimpses. However, in many applications (e.g., aerial imaging), observing an entire scene is not always feasible due to the limited time and resources available for acquisition. In this paper, we develop a Sequential Transformers Attention Model (STAM) that only partially observes a complete image and predicts informative glimpse locations solely based on past glimpses. We design our agent using DeiT-distilled and train it with a one-step actor-critic algorithm. Furthermore, to improve classification performance, we introduce a novel training objective, which enforces consistency between the class distribution predicted by a teacher model from a complete image and the class distribution predicted by our agent using glimpses. When the agent senses only 4% of the total image area, the inclusion of the proposed consistency loss in our training objective yields 3% and 8% higher accuracy on ImageNet and fMoW datasets, respectively. Moreover, our agent outperforms previous state-of-the-art by observing nearly 27% and 42% fewer pixels in glimpses on ImageNet and fMoW.      
### 98.Robust Neonatal Face Detection in Real-world Clinical Settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00655.pdf)
>  Current face detection algorithms are extremely generalized and can obtain decent accuracy when detecting the adult faces. These approaches are insufficient when handling outlier cases, for example when trying to detect the face of a neonate infant whose face composition and expressions are relatively different than that of the adult. It is furthermore difficult when applied to detect faces in a complicated setting such as the Neonate Intensive Care Unit. By training a state-of-the-art face detection model, You-Only-Look-Once, on a proprietary dataset containing labelled neonate faces in a clinical setting, this work achieves near real time neonate face detection. Our preliminary findings show an accuracy of 68.7%, compared to the off the shelf solution which detected neonate faces with an accuracy of 7.37%. Although further experiments are needed to validate our model, our results are promising and prove the feasibility of detecting neonatal faces in challenging real-world settings. The robust and real-time detection of neonatal faces would benefit wide range of automated systems (e.g., pain recognition and surveillance) who currently suffer from the time and effort due to the necessity of manual annotations. To benefit the research community, we make our trained weights publicly available at github(<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ja05haus/trained_neonate_face" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 99.SIMBAR: Single Image-Based Scene Relighting For Effective Data Augmentation For Automated Driving Vision Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00644.pdf)
>  Real-world autonomous driving datasets comprise of images aggregated from different drives on the road. The ability to relight captured scenes to unseen lighting conditions, in a controllable manner, presents an opportunity to augment datasets with a richer variety of lighting conditions, similar to what would be encountered in the real-world. This paper presents a novel image-based relighting pipeline, SIMBAR, that can work with a single image as input. To the best of our knowledge, there is no prior work on scene relighting leveraging explicit geometric representations from a single image. We present qualitative comparisons with prior multi-view scene relighting baselines. To further validate and effectively quantify the benefit of leveraging SIMBAR for data augmentation for automated driving vision tasks, object detection and tracking experiments are conducted with a state-of-the-art method, a Multiple Object Tracking Accuracy (MOTA) of 93.3% is achieved with CenterTrack on SIMBAR-augmented KITTI - an impressive 9.0% relative improvement over the baseline MOTA of 85.6% with CenterTrack on original KITTI, both models trained from scratch and tested on Virtual KITTI. For more details and SIMBAR relit datasets, please visit our project website (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://simbarv1.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 100.End-to-end multi-particle reconstruction in high occupancy imaging calorimeters with graph neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01681.pdf)
>  We present an end-to-end reconstruction algorithm to build particle candidates from detector hits in next-generation granular calorimeters similar to that foreseen for the high-luminosity upgrade of the CMS detector. The algorithm exploits a distance-weighted graph neural network, trained with object condensation, a graph segmentation technique. Through a single-shot approach, the reconstruction task is paired with energy regression. We describe the reconstruction performance in terms of efficiency as well as in terms of energy resolution. In addition, we show the jet reconstruction performance of our method and discuss its inference computational cost. This work is the first-ever example of single-shot calorimetric reconstruction of ${\cal O}(1000)$ particles in high-luminosity conditions with 200 pileup to our knowledge.      
### 101.Residual-guided Personalized Speech Synthesis based on Face Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01672.pdf)
>  Previous works derive personalized speech features by training the model on a large dataset composed of his/her audio sounds. It was reported that face information has a strong link with the speech sound. Thus in this work, we innovatively extract personalized speech features from human faces to synthesize personalized speech using neural vocoder. A Face-based Residual Personalized Speech Synthesis Model (FR-PSS) containing a speech encoder, a speech synthesizer and a face encoder is designed for PSS. In this model, by designing two speech priors, a residual-guided strategy is introduced to guide the face feature to approach the true speech feature in the training. Moreover, considering the error of feature's absolute values and their directional bias, we formulate a novel tri-item loss function for face encoder. Experimental results show that the speech synthesized by our model is comparable to the personalized speech synthesized by training a large amount of audio data in previous works.      
### 102.Evolving Neural Selection with Adaptive Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01662.pdf)
>  Over-parameterization is one of the inherent characteristics of modern deep neural networks, which can often be overcome by leveraging regularization methods, such as Dropout. Usually, these methods are applied globally and all the input cases are treated equally. However, given the natural variation of the input space for real-world tasks such as image recognition and natural language understanding, it is unlikely that a fixed regularization pattern will have the same effectiveness for all the input cases. In this work, we demonstrate a method in which the selection of neurons in deep neural networks evolves, adapting to the difficulty of prediction. We propose the Adaptive Neural Selection (ANS) framework, which evolves to weigh neurons in a layer to form network variants that are suitable to handle different input cases. Experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the performance of commonly-used neural network architectures on standard image recognition benchmarks. Ablation studies also validate the effectiveness and contribution of each component in the proposed framework.      
### 103.Three-dimensional Microstructural Image Synthesis from 2D Backscattered Electron Image of Cement Paste  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01645.pdf)
>  The microstructure is significant for exploring the physical properties of hardened cement paste. In general, the microstructures of hardened cement paste are obtained by microscopy. As a popular method, scanning electron microscopy (SEM) can acquire high-quality 2D images but fails to obtain 3D microstructures.Although several methods, such as microtomography (Micro-CT) and Focused Ion Beam Scanning Electron Microscopy (FIB-SEM), can acquire 3D microstructures, these fail to obtain high-quality 3D images or consume considerable cost. To address these issues, a method based on solid texture synthesis is proposed, synthesizing high-quality 3D microstructural image of hardened cement paste. This method includes 2D backscattered electron (BSE) image acquisition and 3D microstructure synthesis phases. In the approach, the synthesis model is based on solid texture synthesis, capturing microstructure information of the acquired 2D BSE image and generating high-quality 3D microstructures. In experiments, the method is verified on actual 3D Micro-CT images and 2D BSE images. Finally, qualitative experiments demonstrate that the 3D microstructures generated by our method have similar visual characteristics to the given 2D example. Furthermore, quantitative experiments prove that the synthetic 3D results are consistent with the actual instance in terms of porosity, particle size distribution, and grey scale co-occurrence matrix.      
### 104.APP: Anytime Progressive Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01640.pdf)
>  With the latest advances in deep learning, there has been a lot of focus on the online learning paradigm due to its relevance in practical settings. Although many methods have been investigated for optimal learning settings in scenarios where the data stream is continuous over time, sparse networks training in such settings have often been overlooked. In this paper, we explore the problem of training a neural network with a target sparsity in a particular case of online learning: the anytime learning at macroscale paradigm (ALMA). We propose a novel way of progressive pruning, referred to as \textit{Anytime Progressive Pruning} (APP); the proposed approach significantly outperforms the baseline dense and Anytime OSP models across multiple architectures and datasets under short, moderate, and long-sequence training. Our method, for example, shows an improvement in accuracy of $\approx 7\%$ and a reduction in the generalization gap by $\approx 22\%$, while being $\approx 1/3$ rd the size of the dense baseline model in few-shot restricted imagenet training. We further observe interesting nonmonotonic transitions in the generalization gap in the high number of megabatches-based ALMA. The code and experiment dashboards can be accessed at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/landskape-ai/Progressive-Pruning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} and \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://wandb.ai/landskape/APP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}, respectively.      
### 105.Optimize Deep Learning Models for Prediction of Gene Mutations Using Unsupervised Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01593.pdf)
>  Deep learning has become the mainstream methodological choice for analyzing and interpreting whole-slide digital pathology images (WSIs). It is commonly assumed that tumor regions carry most predictive information. In this paper, we proposed an unsupervised clustering-based multiple-instance learning, and apply our method to develop deep-learning models for prediction of gene mutations using WSIs from three cancer types in The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) studies (CRC, LUAD, and HNSCC). We showed that unsupervised clustering of image patches could help identify predictive patches, exclude patches lack of predictive information, and therefore improve prediction on gene mutations in all three different cancer types, compared with the WSI based method without selection of image patches and models based on only tumor regions. Additionally, our proposed algorithm outperformed two recently published baseline algorithms leveraging unsupervised clustering to assist model prediction. The unsupervised-clustering-based approach for mutation prediction allows identification of the spatial regions related to mutation of a specific gene via the resolved probability scores, highlighting the heterogeneity of a predicted genotype in the tumor microenvironment. Finally, our study also demonstrated that selection of tumor regions of WSIs is not always the best way to identify patches for prediction of gene mutations, and other tissue types in the tumor micro-environment may provide better prediction ability for gene mutations than tumor tissues.      
### 106.Coarse-to-Fine Q-attention with Learned Path Ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01571.pdf)
>  We propose Learned Path Ranking (LPR), a method that accepts an end-effector goal pose, and learns to rank a set of goal-reaching paths generated from an array of path generating methods, including: path planning, Bezier curve sampling, and a learned policy. The core idea being that each of the path generation modules will be useful in different tasks, or at different stages in a task. When LPR is added as an extension to C2F-ARM, our new system, C2F-ARM+LPR, retains the sample efficiency of its predecessor, while also being able to accomplish a larger set of tasks; in particular, tasks that require very specific motions (e.g. opening toilet seat) that need to be inferred from both demonstrations and exploration data. In addition to benchmarking our approach across 16 RLBench tasks, we also learn real-world tasks, tabula rasa, in 10-15 minutes, with only 3 demonstrations.      
### 107.DAD: Data-free Adversarial Defense at Test Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01568.pdf)
>  Deep models are highly susceptible to adversarial attacks. Such attacks are carefully crafted imperceptible noises that can fool the network and can cause severe consequences when deployed. To encounter them, the model requires training data for adversarial training or explicit regularization-based techniques. However, privacy has become an important concern, restricting access to only trained models but not the training data (e.g. biometric data). Also, data curation is expensive and companies may have proprietary rights over it. To handle such situations, we propose a completely novel problem of 'test-time adversarial defense in absence of training data and even their statistics'. We solve it in two stages: a) detection and b) correction of adversarial samples. Our adversarial sample detection framework is initially trained on arbitrary data and is subsequently adapted to the unlabelled test data through unsupervised domain adaptation. We further correct the predictions on detected adversarial samples by transforming them in Fourier domain and obtaining their low frequency component at our proposed suitable radius for model prediction. We demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed technique via extensive experiments against several adversarial attacks and for different model architectures and datasets. For a non-robust Resnet-18 model pre-trained on CIFAR-10, our detection method correctly identifies 91.42% adversaries. Also, we significantly improve the adversarial accuracy from 0% to 37.37% with a minimal drop of 0.02% in clean accuracy on state-of-the-art 'Auto Attack' without having to retrain the model.      
### 108.Con$^{2}$DA: Simplifying Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation by Learning Consistent and Contrastive Feature Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01558.pdf)
>  In this work, we present Con$^{2}$DA, a simple framework that extends recent advances in semi-supervised learning to the semi-supervised domain adaptation (SSDA) problem. Our framework generates pairs of associated samples by performing stochastic data transformations to a given input. Associated data pairs are mapped to a feature representation space using a feature extractor. We use different loss functions to enforce consistency between the feature representations of associated data pairs of samples. We show that these learned representations are useful to deal with differences in data distributions in the domain adaptation problem. We performed experiments to study the main components of our model and we show that (i) learning of the consistent and contrastive feature representations is crucial to extract good discriminative features across different domains, and ii) our model benefits from the use of strong augmentation policies. With these findings, our method achieves state-of-the-art performances in three benchmark datasets for SSDA.      
### 109.Internet-of-Things Architectures for Secure Cyber-Physical Spaces: the VISOR Experience Report  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01531.pdf)
>  Internet of things (IoT) technologies are becoming a more and more widespread part of civilian life in common urban spaces, which are rapidly turning into cyber-physical spaces. Simultaneously, the fear of terrorism and crime in such public spaces is ever-increasing. Due to the resulting increased demand for security, video-based IoT surveillance systems have become an important area for research. Considering the large number of devices involved in the illicit recognition task, we conducted a field study in a Dutch Easter music festival in a national interest project called VISOR to select the most appropriate device configuration in terms of performance and results. We iteratively architected solutions for the security of cyber-physical spaces using IoT devices. We tested the performance of multiple federated devices encompassing drones, closed-circuit television, smart phone cameras, and smart glasses to detect real-case scenarios of potentially malicious activities such as mosh-pits and pick-pocketing. Our results pave the way to select optimal IoT architecture configurations -- i.e., a mix of CCTV, drones, smart glasses, and camera phones in our case -- to make safer cyber-physical spaces' a reality.      
### 110.Satellite Monitoring of Terrestrial Plastic Waste  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01485.pdf)
>  Plastic waste is a significant environmental pollutant that is difficult to monitor. We created a system of neural networks to analyze spectral, spatial, and temporal components of Sentinel-2 satellite data to identify terrestrial aggregations of waste. The system works at continental scale. We evaluated performance in Indonesia and detected 374 waste aggregations, more than double the number of sites found in public databases. The same system deployed across twelve countries in Southeast Asia identifies 996 subsequently confirmed waste sites. For each detected site, we algorithmically monitor waste site footprints through time and cross-reference other datasets to generate physical and social metadata. 19% of detected waste sites are located within 200 m of a waterway. Numerous sites sit directly on riverbanks, with high risk of ocean leakage.      
### 111.Optimizing the Consumption of Spiking Neural Networks with Activity Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01460.pdf)
>  Reducing energy consumption is a critical point for neural network models running on edge devices. In this regard, reducing the number of multiply-accumulate (MAC) operations of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) running on edge hardware accelerators will reduce the energy consumption during inference. Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) are an example of bio-inspired techniques that can further save energy by using binary activations, and avoid consuming energy when not spiking. The networks can be configured for equivalent accuracy on a task through DNN-to-SNN conversion frameworks but their conversion is based on rate coding therefore the synaptic operations can be high. In this work, we look into different techniques to enforce sparsity on the neural network activation maps and compare the effect of different training regularizers on the efficiency of the optimized DNNs and SNNs.      
### 112.Computer-Aided Extraction of Select MRI Markers of Cerebral Small Vessel Disease: A Systematic Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01411.pdf)
>  Cerebral small vessel disease (CSVD) is a major vascular contributor to cognitive impairment in ageing, including dementias. Imaging remains the most promising method for in vivo studies of CSVD. To replace the subjective and laborious visual rating approaches, emerging studies have applied state-of-the-art artificial intelligence to extract imaging biomarkers of CSVD from MRI scans. We aimed to summarise published computer-aided methods to examine three imaging biomarkers of CSVD, namely cerebral microbleeds (CMB), dilated perivascular spaces (PVS), and lacunes of presumed vascular origin. Seventy-one classical image processing, classical machine learning, and deep learning studies were identified. CMB and PVS have been better studied, compared to lacunes. While good performance metrics have been achieved in local test datasets, there have not been generalisable pipelines validated in different research or clinical cohorts. Transfer learning and weak supervision techniques have been applied to accommodate the limitations in training data. Future studies could consider pooling data from multiple sources to increase diversity, and validating the performance of the methods using both image processing metrics and associations with clinical measures.      
### 113.Dressi: A Hardware-Agnostic Differentiable Renderer with Reactive Shader Packing and Soft Rasterization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01386.pdf)
>  Differentiable rendering (DR) enables various computer graphics and computer vision applications through gradient-based optimization with derivatives of the rendering equation. Most rasterization-based approaches are built on general-purpose automatic differentiation (AD) libraries and DR-specific modules handcrafted using CUDA. Such a system design mixes DR algorithm implementation and algorithm building blocks, resulting in hardware dependency and limited performance. In this paper, we present a practical hardware-agnostic differentiable renderer called Dressi, which is based on a new full AD design. The DR algorithms of Dressi are fully written in our Vulkan-based AD for DR, Dressi-AD, which supports all primitive operations for DR. Dressi-AD and our inverse UV technique inside it bring hardware independence and acceleration by graphics hardware. Stage packing, our runtime optimization technique, can adapt hardware constraints and efficiently execute complex computational graphs of DR with reactive cache considering the render pass hierarchy of Vulkan. HardSoftRas, our novel rendering process, is designed for inverse rendering with a graphics pipeline. Under the limited functionalities of the graphics pipeline, HardSoftRas can propagate the gradients of pixels from the screen space to far-range triangle attributes. Our experiments and applications demonstrate that Dressi establishes hardware independence, high-quality and robust optimization with fast speed, and photorealistic rendering.      
### 114.Learning to solve Minimum Cost Multicuts efficiently using Edge-Weighted Graph Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01366.pdf)
>  The minimum cost multicut problem is the NP-hard/APX-hard combinatorial optimization problem of partitioning a real-valued edge-weighted graph such as to minimize the total cost of the partition. While graph convolutional neural networks (GNN) have proven to be promising in the context of combinatorial optimization, most of them are only tailored to or tested on positive-valued edge weights, i.e. they do not comply to the nature of the multicut problem. We therefore adapt various GNN architectures including Graph Convolutional Networks, Signed Graph Convolutional Networks and Graph Isomorphic Networks to facilitate the efficient encoding of real-valued edge costs. Moreover, we employ a reformulation of the multicut ILP constraints to a polynomial program as loss function that allows to learn feasible multicut solutions in a scalable way. Thus, we provide the first approach towards end-to-end trainable multicuts. Our findings support that GNN approaches can produce good solutions in practice while providing lower computation times and largely improved scalability compared to LP solvers and optimized heuristics, especially when considering large instances.      
### 115.Extended Reality for Anxiety and Depression Therapy amidst Mental Disorders -- A Systematic Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01348.pdf)
>  This systematic study is aimed to investigate the implementation level of different extended reality (XR) techniques in the care of mental disorder. We point out some XR technologies used to deliver care for mental disorders, and to evaluate the effectiveness of using XR systems for anxiety and depression amidst other mental disorders. A search period of May 2017 and August 2021 was defined to filter out articles related to the usage of virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR) and mixed reality (AR) in a mental health context. Search done on three databases namely Google Scholar, PubMED, and Association for Computing Machinery Digital Library yielded 689 articles. Also, 10 articles were recommended. Upon eligibility filtering, only 72 articles were found relevant and were utilized for the study. Results show that the 72 studies were done in only 23 countries across the globe, with the majority of studies being reported for developed countries such as USA (20.64%) and Germany (11.11%). Thus this could rapidly aid intervention of mental health disorder with XR. Meanwhile, none of the studies observed was from an African country. The majority of the articles reported that XR techniques led to significant reduction in symptoms of anxiety or depression. The majority of studies (23, 36.51%) were published in the year 2021 of the total studies included. In a sense, this data might be attributed to COVID-19 pandemic. Most studies (30, 47.62%) focused a population with age range of 18 to 65 years, while fewer studies (4, 6.35%) focused on each of adolescents (10 - 19 years) and seniors (over 64 years). Also, more studies were done experimentally (52, 82.54%) rather than by analytical and modeling approach (5, 7.94%) as found in other XR studies domain. This review study could aid the development of XR systems for effective cognitive behavioral and exposure therapies of mental disorders.      
### 116.Differentiable Rendering for Synthetic Aperture Radar Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01248.pdf)
>  There is rising interest in integrating signal and image processing pipelines into deep learning training to incorporate more domain knowledge. This can lead to deep neural networks that are trained more robustly and with limited data, as well as the capability to solve ill-posed inverse problems. In particular, there is rising interest in differentiable rendering, which allows explicitly modeling geometric priors and constraints in the optimization pipeline using first-order methods such as backpropagation. Existing efforts in differentiable rendering have focused on imagery from electro-optical sensors, particularly conventional RGB-imagery. In this work, we propose an approach for differentiable rendering of Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) imagery, which combines methods from 3D computer graphics with neural rendering. We demonstrate the approach on the inverse graphics problem of 3D Object Reconstruction from limited SAR imagery using high-fidelity simulated SAR data.      
### 117.A Novel Mask R-CNN Model to Segment Heterogeneous Brain Tumors through Image Subtraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01201.pdf)
>  The segmentation of diseases is a popular topic explored by researchers in the field of machine learning. Brain tumors are extremely dangerous and require the utmost precision to segment for a successful surgery. Patients with tumors usually take 4 MRI scans, T1, T1gd, T2, and FLAIR, which are then sent to radiologists to segment and analyze for possible future surgery. To create a second segmentation, it would be beneficial to both radiologists and patients in being more confident in their conclusions. We propose using a method performed by radiologists called image segmentation and applying it to machine learning models to prove a better segmentation. Using Mask R-CNN, its ResNet backbone being pre-trained on the RSNA pneumonia detection challenge dataset, we can train a model on the Brats2020 Brain Tumor dataset. Center for Biomedical Image Computing &amp; Analytics provides MRI data on patients with and without brain tumors and the corresponding segmentations. We can see how well the method of image subtraction works by comparing it to models without image subtraction through DICE coefficient (F1 score), recall, and precision on the untouched test set. Our model performed with a DICE coefficient of 0.75 in comparison to 0.69 without image subtraction. To further emphasize the usefulness of image subtraction, we compare our final model to current state-of-the-art models to segment tumors from MRI scans.      
### 118.Gastrointestinal Polyps and Tumors Detection Based on Multi-scale Feature-fusion with WCE Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01012.pdf)
>  Wireless Capsule Endoscopy(WCE) has been widely used for the screening of gastrointestinal(GI) diseases, especially the small intestine, due to its advantages of non-invasive and painless imaging of the entire digestive tract.However, the huge amount of image data captured by WCE makes manual reading a process that requires a huge amount of tasks and can easily lead to missed detection and false detection of lesions.Therefore, In this paper, we propose a \textbf{T}wo-stage \textbf{M}ulti-scale \textbf{F}eature-fusion learning network(\textbf{TMFNet}) to automatically detect small intestinal polyps and tumors in WCE image sequences. Specifically, TMFNet consists of lesion detection network and lesion identification network. Among them, the former improves the feature extraction module and detection module based on the traditional Faster R-CNN network, and readjusts the parameters of the anchor in the region proposal network(RPN) module;the latter combines residual structure and feature pyramid structure are used to build a small intestinal lesion recognition network based on feature fusion, for reducing the false positive rate of the former and improve the overall accuracy.We used 22,335 WCE images in the experiment, with a total of 123,092 lesion regions used to train the detection framework of this paper. In the experiment, the detection framework is trained and tested on the real WCE image dataset provided by the hospital gastroenterology department. The sensitivity, false positive and accuracy of the final model on the RPM are 98.81$\%$, 7.43$\%$ and 92.57$\%$, respectively.Meanwhile,the corresponding results on the lesion images were 98.75$\%$, 5.62$\%$ and 94.39$\%$. The algorithm model proposed in this paper is obviously superior to other detection algorithms in detection effect and performance      
### 119.Moment-based Adversarial Training for Embodied Language Comprehension  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00889.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on a vision-and-language task in which a robot is instructed to execute household tasks. Given an instruction such as "Rinse off a mug and place it in the coffee maker," the robot is required to locate the mug, wash it, and put it in the coffee maker. This is challenging because the robot needs to break down the instruction sentences into subgoals and execute them in the correct order. On the ALFRED benchmark, the performance of state-of-the-art methods is still far lower than that of humans. This is partially because existing methods sometimes fail to infer subgoals that are not explicitly specified in the instruction sentences. We propose Moment-based Adversarial Training (MAT), which uses two types of moments for perturbation updates in adversarial training. We introduce MAT to the embedding spaces of the instruction, subgoals, and state representations to handle their varieties. We validated our method on the ALFRED benchmark, and the results demonstrated that our method outperformed the baseline method for all the metrics on the benchmark.      
### 120.Acoustic-to-articulatory Inversion based on Speech Decomposition and Auxiliary Feature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00873.pdf)
>  Acoustic-to-articulatory inversion (AAI) is to obtain the movement of articulators from speech signals. Until now, achieving a speaker-independent AAI remains a challenge given the limited data. Besides, most current works only use audio speech as input, causing an inevitable performance bottleneck. To solve these problems, firstly, we pre-train a speech decomposition network to decompose audio speech into speaker embedding and content embedding as the new personalized speech features to adapt to the speaker-independent case. Secondly, to further improve the AAI, we propose a novel auxiliary feature network to estimate the lip auxiliary features from the above personalized speech features. Experimental results on three public datasets show that, compared with the state-of-the-art only using the audio speech feature, the proposed method reduces the average RMSE by 0.25 and increases the average correlation coefficient by 2.0% in the speaker-dependent case. More importantly, the average RMSE decreases by 0.29 and the average correlation coefficient increases by 5.0% in the speaker-independent case.      
### 121.Automatic Registration of Images with Inconsistent Content Through Line-Support Region Segmentation and Geometrical Outlier Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00832.pdf)
>  The implementation of automatic image registration is still difficult in various applications. In this paper, an automatic image registration approach through line-support region segmentation and geometrical outlier removal (ALRS-GOR) is proposed. This new approach is designed to address the problems associated with the registration of images with affine deformations and inconsistent content, such as remote sensing images with different spectral content or noise interference, or map images with inconsistent annotations. To begin with, line-support regions, namely a straight region whose points share roughly the same image gradient angle, are extracted to address the issues of inconsistent content existing in images. To alleviate the incompleteness of line segments, an iterative strategy with multi-resolution is employed to preserve global structures that are masked at full resolution by image details or noise. Then, Geometrical Outlier Removal (GOR) is developed to provide reliable feature point matching, which is based on affineinvariant geometrical classifications for corresponding matches initialized by SIFT. The candidate outliers are selected by comparing the disparity of accumulated classifications among all matches, instead of conventional methods which only rely on local geometrical relations. Various image sets have been considered in this paper for the evaluation of the proposed approach, including aerial images with simulated affine deformations, remote sensing optical and synthetic aperture radar images taken at different situations (multispectral, multisensor, and multitemporal), and map images with inconsistent annotations. Experimental results demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed method over the existing approaches for the whole data set.      
### 122.RFVTM: A Recovery and Filtering Vertex Trichotomy Matching for Remote Sensing Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00818.pdf)
>  Reliable feature point matching is a vital yet challenging process in feature-based image registration. In this paper,a robust feature point matching algorithm called Recovery and Filtering Vertex Trichotomy Matching (RFVTM) is proposed to remove outliers and retain sufficient inliers for remote sensing images. A novel affine invariant descriptor called vertex trichotomy descriptor is proposed on the basis of that geometrical relations between any of vertices and lines are preserved after affine transformations, which is constructed by mapping each vertex into trichotomy sets. The outlier removals in Vertex Trichotomy Matching (VTM) are implemented by iteratively comparing the disparity of corresponding vertex trichotomy descriptors. Some inliers mistakenly validated by a large amount of outliers are removed in VTM iterations, and several residual outliers close to correct locations cannot be excluded with the same graph structures. Therefore, a recovery and filtering strategy is designed to recover some inliers based on identical vertex trichotomy descriptors and restricted transformation errors. Assisted with the additional recovered inliers, residual outliers can also be filtered out during the process of reaching identical graph for the expanded vertex sets. Experimental results demonstrate the superior performance on precision and stability of this algorithm under various conditions, such as remote sensing images with large transformations, duplicated patterns, or inconsistent spectral content.      
### 123.UNetFormer: A Unified Vision Transformer Model and Pre-Training Framework for 3D Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00631.pdf)
>  Vision Transformers (ViT)s have recently become popular due to their outstanding modeling capabilities, in particular for capturing long-range information, and scalability to dataset and model sizes which has led to state-of-the-art performance in various computer vision and medical image analysis tasks. In this work, we introduce a unified framework consisting of two architectures, dubbed UNetFormer, with a 3D Swin Transformer-based encoder and Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and transformer-based decoders. In the proposed model, the encoder is linked to the decoder via skip connections at five different resolutions with deep supervision. The design of proposed architecture allows for meeting a wide range of trade-off requirements between accuracy and computational cost. In addition, we present a methodology for self-supervised pre-training of the encoder backbone via learning to predict randomly masked volumetric tokens using contextual information of visible tokens. We pre-train our framework on a cohort of $5050$ CT images, gathered from publicly available CT datasets, and present a systematic investigation of various components such as masking ratio and patch size that affect the representation learning capability and performance of downstream tasks. We validate the effectiveness of our pre-training approach by fine-tuning and testing our model on liver and liver tumor segmentation task using the Medical Segmentation Decathlon (MSD) dataset and achieve state-of-the-art performance in terms of various segmentation metrics. To demonstrate its generalizability, we train and test the model on BraTS 21 dataset for brain tumor segmentation using MRI images and outperform other methods in terms of Dice score. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Project-MONAI/research-contributions" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 124.Extremely Low-light Image Enhancement with Scene Text Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00630.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based methods have made impressive progress in enhancing extremely low-light images - the image quality of the reconstructed images has generally improved. However, we found out that most of these methods could not sufficiently recover the image details, for instance, the texts in the scene. In this paper, a novel image enhancement framework is proposed to precisely restore the scene texts, as well as the overall quality of the image simultaneously under extremely low-light images conditions. Mainly, we employed a self-regularised attention map, an edge map, and a novel text detection loss. In addition, leveraging synthetic low-light images is beneficial for image enhancement on the genuine ones in terms of text detection. The quantitative and qualitative experimental results have shown that the proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art methods in image restoration, text detection, and text spotting on See In the Dark and ICDAR15 datasets.      
### 125.TopTemp: Parsing Precipitate Structure from Temper Topology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00629.pdf)
>  Technological advances are in part enabled by the development of novel manufacturing processes that give rise to new materials or material property improvements. Development and evaluation of new manufacturing methodologies is labor-, time-, and resource-intensive expensive due to complex, poorly defined relationships between advanced manufacturing process parameters and the resulting microstructures. In this work, we present a topological representation of temper (heat-treatment) dependent material micro-structure, as captured by scanning electron microscopy, called TopTemp. We show that this topological representation is able to support temper classification of microstructures in a data limited setting, generalizes well to previously unseen samples, is robust to image perturbations, and captures domain interpretable features. The presented work outperforms conventional deep learning baselines and is a first step towards improving understanding of process parameters and resulting material properties.      
### 126.Learning Neural Acoustic Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00628.pdf)
>  Our environment is filled with rich and dynamic acoustic information. When we walk into a cathedral, the reverberations as much as appearance inform us of the sanctuary's wide open space. Similarly, as an object moves around us, we expect the sound emitted to also exhibit this movement. While recent advances in learned implicit functions have led to increasingly higher quality representations of the visual world, there have not been commensurate advances in learning spatial auditory representations. To address this gap, we introduce Neural Acoustic Fields (NAFs), an implicit representation that captures how sounds propagate in a physical scene. By modeling acoustic propagation in a scene as a linear time-invariant system, NAFs learn to continuously map all emitter and listener location pairs to a neural impulse response function that can then be applied to arbitrary sounds. We demonstrate that the continuous nature of NAFs enables us to render spatial acoustics for a listener at an arbitrary location, and can predict sound propagation at novel locations. We further show that the representation learned by NAFs can help improve visual learning with sparse views. Finally, we show that a representation informative of scene structure emerges during the learning of NAFs.      
### 127.Explainable and Interpretable Diabetic Retinopathy Classification Based on Neural-Symbolic Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00624.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an explainable and interpretable diabetic retinopathy (ExplainDR) classification model based on neural-symbolic learning. To gain explainability, a highlevel symbolic representation should be considered in decision making. Specifically, we introduce a human-readable symbolic representation, which follows a taxonomy style of diabetic retinopathy characteristics related to eye health conditions to achieve explainability. We then include humanreadable features obtained from the symbolic representation in the disease prediction. Experimental results on a diabetic retinopathy classification dataset show that our proposed ExplainDR method exhibits promising performance when compared to that from state-of-the-art methods applied to the IDRiD dataset, while also providing interpretability and explainability.      
### 128.Bayesian Image Super-Resolution with Deep Modeling of Image Statistics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00623.pdf)
>  Modeling statistics of image priors is useful for image super-resolution, but little attention has been paid from the massive works of deep learning-based methods. In this work, we propose a Bayesian image restoration framework, where natural image statistics are modeled with the combination of smoothness and sparsity priors. Concretely, firstly we consider an ideal image as the sum of a smoothness component and a sparsity residual, and model real image degradation including blurring, downscaling, and noise corruption. Then, we develop a variational Bayesian approach to infer their posteriors. Finally, we implement the variational approach for single image super-resolution (SISR) using deep neural networks, and propose an unsupervised training strategy. The experiments on three image restoration tasks, \textit{i.e.,} ideal SISR, realistic SISR, and real-world SISR, demonstrate that our method has superior model generalizability against varying noise levels and degradation kernels and is effective in unsupervised SISR. The code and resulting models are released via \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zmiclab.github.io/projects.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 129.Universal Lymph Node Detection in T2 MRI using Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00622.pdf)
>  Purpose: Identification of abdominal Lymph Nodes (LN) that are suspicious for metastasis in T2 Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans is critical for staging of lymphoproliferative diseases. Prior work on LN detection has been limited to specific anatomical regions of the body (pelvis, rectum) in single MR slices. Therefore, the development of a universal approach to detect LN in full T2 MRI volumes is highly desirable. <br>Methods: In this study, a Computer Aided Detection (CAD) pipeline to universally identify abdominal LN in volumetric T2 MRI using neural networks is proposed. First, we trained various neural network models for detecting LN: Faster RCNN with and without Hard Negative Example Mining (HNEM), FCOS, FoveaBox, VFNet, and Detection Transformer (DETR). Next, we show that the state-of-the-art (SOTA) VFNet model with Adaptive Training Sample Selection (ATSS) outperforms Faster RCNN with HNEM. Finally, we ensembled models that surpassed a 45% mAP threshold. We found that the VFNet model and one-stage model ensemble can be interchangeably used in the CAD pipeline. <br>Results: Experiments on 122 test T2 MRI volumes revealed that VFNet achieved a 51.1% mAP and 78.7% recall at 4 false positives (FP) per volume, while the one-stage model ensemble achieved a mAP of 52.3% and sensitivity of 78.7% at 4FP. <br>Conclusion: Our contribution is a CAD pipeline that detects LN in T2 MRI volumes, resulting in a sensitivity improvement of $\sim$14 points over the current SOTA method for LN detection (sensitivity of 78.7% at 4 FP vs. 64.6% at 5 FP per volume).      
### 130.Visual explanations for polyp detection: How medical doctors assess intrinsic versus extrinsic explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00617.pdf)
>  Deep learning has in recent years achieved immense success in all areas of computer vision and has the potential of assisting medical doctors in analyzing visual content for disease and other abnormalities. However, the current state of deep learning is very much a black box, making medical professionals highly skeptical about integrating these methods into clinical practice. Several methods have been proposed in order to shine some light onto these black boxes, but there is no consensus on the opinion of the medical doctors that will consume these explanations. This paper presents a study asking medical doctors about their opinion of current state-of-the-art explainable artificial intelligence methods when applied to a gastrointestinal disease detection use case. We compare two different categories of explanation methods, intrinsic and extrinsic, and gauge their opinion of the current value of these explanations. The results indicate that intrinsic explanations are preferred and that explanation.      
