# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 7 Apr 2022
### 1.Temporal Alignment Networks for Long-term Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02968.pdf)
>  The objective of this paper is a temporal alignment network that ingests long term video sequences, and associated text sentences, in order to: (1) determine if a sentence is alignable with the video; and (2) if it is alignable, then determine its alignment. The challenge is to train such networks from large-scale datasets, such as HowTo100M, where the associated text sentences have significant noise, and are only weakly aligned when relevant. Apart from proposing the alignment network, we also make four contributions: (i) we describe a novel co-training method that enables to denoise and train on raw instructional videos without using manual annotation, despite the considerable noise; (ii) to benchmark the alignment performance, we manually curate a 10-hour subset of HowTo100M, totalling 80 videos, with sparse temporal descriptions. Our proposed model, trained on HowTo100M, outperforms strong baselines (CLIP, MIL-NCE) on this alignment dataset by a significant margin; (iii) we apply the trained model in the zero-shot settings to multiple downstream video understanding tasks and achieve state-of-the-art results, including text-video retrieval on YouCook2, and weakly supervised video action segmentation on Breakfast-Action; (iv) we use the automatically aligned HowTo100M annotations for end-to-end finetuning of the backbone model, and obtain improved performance on downstream action recognition tasks.      
### 2.LilNetX: Lightweight Networks with EXtreme Model Compression and Structured Sparsification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02965.pdf)
>  We introduce LilNetX, an end-to-end trainable technique for neural networks that enables learning models with specified accuracy-rate-computation trade-off. Prior works approach these problems one at a time and often require post-processing or multistage training which become less practical and do not scale very well for large datasets or architectures. Our method constructs a joint training objective that penalizes the self-information of network parameters in a reparameterized latent space to encourage small model size while also introducing priors to increase structured sparsity in the parameter space to reduce computation. We achieve up to 50% smaller model size and 98% model sparsity on ResNet-20 while retaining the same accuracy on the CIFAR-10 dataset as well as 35% smaller model size and 42% structured sparsity on ResNet-50 trained on ImageNet, when compared to existing state-of-the-art model compression methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Sharath-girish/LilNetX" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Unleashing Vanilla Vision Transformer with Masked Image Modeling for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02964.pdf)
>  We present an approach to efficiently and effectively adapt a masked image modeling (MIM) pre-trained vanilla Vision Transformer (ViT) for object detection, which is based on our two novel observations: (i) A MIM pre-trained vanilla ViT can work surprisingly well in the challenging object-level recognition scenario even with random sampled partial observations, e.g., only 25% ~ 50% of the input sequence. (ii) In order to construct multi-scale representations for object detection, a random initialized compact convolutional stem supplants the pre-trained large kernel patchify stem, and its intermediate features can naturally serve as the higher resolution inputs of a feature pyramid without upsampling. While the pre-trained ViT is only regarded as the third-stage of our detector's backbone instead of the whole feature extractor, resulting in a ConvNet-ViT hybrid architecture. The proposed detector, named MIMDet, enables a MIM pre-trained vanilla ViT to outperform hierarchical Swin Transformer by 2.3 box AP and 2.5 mask AP on COCO, and achieve even better results compared with other adapted vanilla ViT using a more modest fine-tuning recipe while converging 2.8x faster. Code and pre-trained models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hustvl/MIMDet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 4.SMU-Net: Style matching U-Net for brain tumor segmentation with missing modalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02961.pdf)
>  Gliomas are one of the most prevalent types of primary brain tumours, accounting for more than 30\% of all cases and they develop from the glial stem or progenitor cells. In theory, the majority of brain tumours could well be identified exclusively by the use of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI). Each MRI modality delivers distinct information on the soft tissue of the human brain and integrating all of them would provide comprehensive data for the accurate segmentation of the glioma, which is crucial for the patient's prognosis, diagnosis, and determining the best follow-up treatment. Unfortunately, MRI is prone to artifacts for a variety of reasons, which might result in missing one or more MRI modalities. Various strategies have been proposed over the years to synthesize the missing modality or compensate for the influence it has on automated segmentation models. However, these methods usually fail to model the underlying missing information. In this paper, we propose a style matching U-Net (SMU-Net) for brain tumour segmentation on MRI images. Our co-training approach utilizes a content and style-matching mechanism to distill the informative features from the full-modality network into a missing modality network. To do so, we encode both full-modality and missing-modality data into a latent space, then we decompose the representation space into a style and content representation. Our style matching module adaptively recalibrates the representation space by learning a matching function to transfer the informative and textural features from a full-modality path into a missing-modality path. Moreover, by modelling the mutual information, our content module surpasses the less informative features and re-calibrates the representation space based on discriminative semantic features. The evaluation process on the BraTS 2018 dataset shows a significant results.      
### 5.Simple and Effective Synthesis of Indoor 3D Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02960.pdf)
>  We study the problem of synthesizing immersive 3D indoor scenes from one or more images. Our aim is to generate high-resolution images and videos from novel viewpoints, including viewpoints that extrapolate far beyond the input images while maintaining 3D consistency. Existing approaches are highly complex, with many separately trained stages and components. We propose a simple alternative: an image-to-image GAN that maps directly from reprojections of incomplete point clouds to full high-resolution RGB-D images. On the Matterport3D and RealEstate10K datasets, our approach significantly outperforms prior work when evaluated by humans, as well as on FID scores. Further, we show that our model is useful for generative data augmentation. A vision-and-language navigation (VLN) agent trained with trajectories spatially-perturbed by our model improves success rate by up to 1.5% over a state of the art baseline on the R2R benchmark. Our code will be made available to facilitate generative data augmentation and applications to downstream robotics and embodied AI tasks.      
### 6.LEAD: Self-Supervised Landmark Estimation by Aligning Distributions of Feature Similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02958.pdf)
>  In this work, we introduce LEAD, an approach to discover landmarks from an unannotated collection of category-specific images. Existing works in self-supervised landmark detection are based on learning dense (pixel-level) feature representations from an image, which are further used to learn landmarks in a semi-supervised manner. While there have been advances in self-supervised learning of image features for instance-level tasks like classification, these methods do not ensure dense equivariant representations. The property of equivariance is of interest for dense prediction tasks like landmark estimation. In this work, we introduce an approach to enhance the learning of dense equivariant representations in a self-supervised fashion. We follow a two-stage training approach: first, we train a network using the BYOL objective which operates at an instance level. The correspondences obtained through this network are further used to train a dense and compact representation of the image using a lightweight network. We show that having such a prior in the feature extractor helps in landmark detection, even under drastically limited number of annotations while also improving generalization across scale variations.      
### 7.Video Demoireing with Relation-Based Temporal Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02957.pdf)
>  Moire patterns, appearing as color distortions, severely degrade image and video qualities when filming a screen with digital cameras. Considering the increasing demands for capturing videos, we study how to remove such undesirable moire patterns in videos, namely video demoireing. To this end, we introduce the first hand-held video demoireing dataset with a dedicated data collection pipeline to ensure spatial and temporal alignments of captured data. Further, a baseline video demoireing model with implicit feature space alignment and selective feature aggregation is developed to leverage complementary information from nearby frames to improve frame-level video demoireing. More importantly, we propose a relation-based temporal consistency loss to encourage the model to learn temporal consistency priors directly from ground-truth reference videos, which facilitates producing temporally consistent predictions and effectively maintains frame-level qualities. Extensive experiments manifest the superiority of our model. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://daipengwa.github.io/VDmoire_ProjectPage/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 8."The Pedestrian next to the Lamppost" Adaptive Object Graphs for Better Instantaneous Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02944.pdf)
>  Estimating a semantically segmented bird's-eye-view (BEV) map from a single image has become a popular technique for autonomous control and navigation. However, they show an increase in localization error with distance from the camera. While such an increase in error is entirely expected - localization is harder at distance - much of the drop in performance can be attributed to the cues used by current texture-based models, in particular, they make heavy use of object-ground intersections (such as shadows), which become increasingly sparse and uncertain for distant objects. In this work, we address these shortcomings in BEV-mapping by learning the spatial relationship between objects in a scene. We propose a graph neural network which predicts BEV objects from a monocular image by spatially reasoning about an object within the context of other objects. Our approach sets a new state-of-the-art in BEV estimation from monocular images across three large-scale datasets, including a 50% relative improvement for objects on nuScenes.      
### 9.Intervertebral Disc Labeling With Learning Shape Information, A Look Once Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02943.pdf)
>  Accurate and automatic segmentation of intervertebral discs from medical images is a critical task for the assessment of spine-related diseases such as osteoporosis, vertebral fractures, and intervertebral disc herniation. To date, various approaches have been developed in the literature which routinely relies on detecting the discs as the primary step. A disadvantage of many cohort studies is that the localization algorithm also yields false-positive detections. In this study, we aim to alleviate this problem by proposing a novel U-Net-based structure to predict a set of candidates for intervertebral disc locations. In our design, we integrate the image shape information (image gradients) to encourage the model to learn rich and generic geometrical information. This additional signal guides the model to selectively emphasize the contextual representation and suppress the less discriminative features. On the post-processing side, to further decrease the false positive rate, we propose a permutation invariant 'look once' model, which accelerates the candidate recovery procedure. In comparison with previous studies, our proposed approach does not need to perform the selection in an iterative fashion. The proposed method was evaluated on the spine generic public multi-center dataset and demonstrated superior performance compared to previous work. We have provided the implementation code in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rezazad68/intervertebral-lookonce" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 10.S-R2F2U-Net: A single-stage model for teeth segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02939.pdf)
>  Precision tooth segmentation is crucial in the oral sector because it provides location information for orthodontic therapy, clinical diagnosis, and surgical treatments. In this paper, we investigate residual, recurrent, and attention networks to segment teeth from panoramic dental images. Based on our findings, we suggest three single-stage models: Single Recurrent R2U-Net (S-R2U-Net), Single Recurrent Filter Double R2U-Net (S-R2F2U-Net), and Single Recurrent Attention Enabled Filter Double (S-R2F2-Attn-U-Net). Particularly, S-R2F2U-Net outperforms state-of-the-art models in terms of accuracy and dice score. A hybrid loss function combining the cross-entropy loss and dice loss is used to train the model. In addition, it reduces around 45% of model parameters compared to the R2U-Net model. Models are trained and evaluated on a benchmark dataset containing 1500 dental panoramic X-ray images. S-R2F2U-Net achieves 97.31% of accuracy and 93.26% of dice score, showing superiority over the state-of-the-art methods. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mrinal054/teethSeg_sr2f2u-net.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.An Empirical Study of End-to-End Temporal Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02932.pdf)
>  Temporal action detection (TAD) is an important yet challenging task in video understanding. It aims to simultaneously predict the semantic label and the temporal interval of every action instance in an untrimmed video. Rather than end-to-end learning, most existing methods adopt a head-only learning paradigm, where the video encoder is pre-trained for action classification, and only the detection head upon the encoder is optimized for TAD. The effect of end-to-end learning is not systematically evaluated. Besides, there lacks an in-depth study on the efficiency-accuracy trade-off in end-to-end TAD. In this paper, we present an empirical study of end-to-end temporal action detection. We validate the advantage of end-to-end learning over head-only learning and observe up to 11\% performance improvement. Besides, we study the effects of multiple design choices that affect the TAD performance and speed, including detection head, video encoder, and resolution of input videos. Based on the findings, we build a mid-resolution baseline detector, which achieves the state-of-the-art performance of end-to-end methods while running more than 4$\times$ faster. We hope that this paper can serve as a guide for end-to-end learning and inspire future research in this field. Code and models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xlliu7/E2E-TAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 12.End-to-End Instance Edge Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02898.pdf)
>  Edge detection has long been an important problem in the field of computer vision. Previous works have explored category-agnostic or category-aware edge detection. In this paper, we explore edge detection in the context of object instances. Although object boundaries could be easily derived from segmentation masks, in practice, instance segmentation models are trained to maximize IoU to the ground-truth mask, which means that segmentation boundaries are not enforced to precisely align with ground-truth edge boundaries. Thus, the task of instance edge detection itself is different and critical. Since precise edge detection requires high resolution feature maps, we design a novel transformer architecture that efficiently combines a FPN and a transformer decoder to enable cross attention on multi-scale high resolution feature maps within a reasonable computation budget. Further, we propose a light weight dense prediction head that is applicable to both instance edge and mask detection. Finally, we use a penalty reduced focal loss to effectively train the model with point supervision on instance edges, which can reduce annotation costs. We demonstrate highly competitive instance edge detection performance compared to state-of-the-art baselines, and also show that the proposed task and loss are complementary to instance segmentation and object detection.      
### 13.DBF: Dynamic Belief Fusion for Combining Multiple Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02890.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel and highly practical score-level fusion approach called dynamic belief fusion (DBF) that directly integrates inference scores of individual detections from multiple object detection methods. To effectively integrate the individual outputs of multiple detectors, the level of ambiguity in each detection score is estimated using a confidence model built on a precision-recall relationship of the corresponding detector. For each detector output, DBF then calculates the probabilities of three hypotheses (target, non-target, and intermediate state (target or non-target)) based on the confidence level of the detection score conditioned on the prior confidence model of individual detectors, which is referred to as basic probability assignment. The probability distributions over three hypotheses of all the detectors are optimally fused via the Dempster's combination rule. Experiments on the ARL, PASCAL VOC 07, and 12 datasets show that the detection accuracy of the DBF is significantly higher than any of the baseline fusion approaches as well as individual detectors used for the fusion.      
### 14.Sampling-based Fast Gradient Rescaling Method for Highly Transferable Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02887.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have shown to be very vulnerable to adversarial examples crafted by adding human-imperceptible perturbations to benign inputs. After achieving impressive attack success rates in the white-box setting, more focus is shifted to black-box attacks. In either case, the common gradient-based approaches generally use the $sign$ function to generate perturbations at the end of the process. However, only a few works pay attention to the limitation of the $sign$ function. Deviation between the original gradient and the generated noises may lead to inaccurate gradient update estimation and suboptimal solutions for adversarial transferability, which is crucial for black-box attacks. To address this issue, we propose a Sampling-based Fast Gradient Rescaling Method (S-FGRM) to improve the transferability of the crafted adversarial examples. Specifically, we use data rescaling to substitute the inefficient $sign$ function in gradient-based attacks without extra computational cost. We also propose a Depth First Sampling method to eliminate the fluctuation of rescaling and stabilize the gradient update. Our method can be used in any gradient-based optimizations and is extensible to be integrated with various input transformation or ensemble methods for further improving the adversarial transferability. Extensive experiments on the standard ImageNet dataset show that our S-FGRM could significantly boost the transferability of gradient-based attacks and outperform the state-of-the-art baselines.      
### 15.ECLIPSE: Efficient Long-range Video Retrieval using Sight and Sound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02874.pdf)
>  We introduce an audiovisual method for long-range text-to-video retrieval. Unlike previous approaches designed for short video retrieval (e.g., 5-15 seconds in duration), our approach aims to retrieve minute-long videos that capture complex human actions. One challenge of standard video-only approaches is the large computational cost associated with processing hundreds of densely extracted frames from such long videos. To address this issue, we propose to replace parts of the video with compact audio cues that succinctly summarize dynamic audio events and are cheap to process. Our method, named ECLIPSE (Efficient CLIP with Sound Encoding), adapts the popular CLIP model to an audiovisual video setting, by adding a unified audiovisual transformer block that captures complementary cues from the video and audio streams. In addition to being 2.92x faster and 2.34x memory-efficient than long-range video-only approaches, our method also achieves better text-to-video retrieval accuracy on several diverse long-range video datasets such as ActivityNet, QVHighlights, YouCook2, DiDeMo and Charades.      
### 16.Retrieval-based Spatially Adaptive Normalization for Semantic Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02854.pdf)
>  Semantic image synthesis is a challenging task with many practical applications. Albeit remarkable progress has been made in semantic image synthesis with spatially-adaptive normalization and existing methods normalize the feature activations under the coarse-level guidance (e.g., semantic class). However, different parts of a semantic object (e.g., wheel and window of car) are quite different in structures and textures, making blurry synthesis results usually inevitable due to the missing of fine-grained guidance. In this paper, we propose a novel normalization module, termed as REtrieval-based Spatially AdaptIve normaLization (RESAIL), for introducing pixel level fine-grained guidance to the normalization architecture. Specifically, we first present a retrieval paradigm by finding a content patch of the same semantic class from training set with the most similar shape to each test semantic mask. Then, RESAIL is presented to use the retrieved patch for guiding the feature normalization of corresponding region, and can provide pixel level fine-grained guidance, thereby greatly mitigating blurry synthesis results. Moreover, distorted ground-truth images are also utilized as alternatives of retrieval-based guidance for feature normalization, further benefiting model training and improving visual quality of generated images. Experiments on several challenging datasets show that our RESAIL performs favorably against state-of-the-arts in terms of quantitative metrics, visual quality, and subjective evaluation. The source code and pre-trained models will be publicly available.      
### 17.Influence of Color Spaces for Deep Learning Image Colorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02850.pdf)
>  Colorization is a process that converts a grayscale image into a color one that looks as natural as possible. Over the years this task has received a lot of attention. Existing colorization methods rely on different color spaces: RGB, YUV, Lab, etc. In this chapter, we aim to study their influence on the results obtained by training a deep neural network, to answer the question: "Is it crucial to correctly choose the right color space in deep-learning based colorization?". First, we briefly summarize the literature and, in particular, deep learning-based methods. We then compare the results obtained with the same deep neural network architecture with RGB, YUV and Lab color spaces. Qualitative and quantitative analysis do not conclude similarly on which color space is better. We then show the importance of carefully designing the architecture and evaluation protocols depending on the types of images that are being processed and their specificities: strong/small contours, few/many objects, recent/archive images.      
### 18.KNN-Diffusion: Image Generation via Large-Scale Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02849.pdf)
>  While the availability of massive Text-Image datasets is shown to be extremely useful in training large-scale generative models (e.g. DDPMs, Transformers), their output typically depends on the quality of both the input text, as well as the training dataset. In this work, we show how large-scale retrieval methods, in particular efficient K-Nearest-Neighbors (KNN) search, can be used in order to train a model to adapt to new samples. Learning to adapt enables several new capabilities. Sifting through billions of records at inference time is extremely efficient and can alleviate the need to train or memorize an adequately large generative model. Additionally, fine-tuning trained models to new samples can be achieved by simply adding them to the table. Rare concepts, even without any presence in the training set, can be then leveraged during test time without any modification to the generative model. Our diffusion-based model trains on images only, by leveraging a joint Text-Image multi-modal metric. Compared to baseline methods, our generations achieve state of the art results both in human evaluations as well as with perceptual scores when tested on a public multimodal dataset of natural images, as well as on a collected dataset of 400 million Stickers.      
### 19.Learning to Generate Realistic Noisy Images via Pixel-level Noise-aware Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02844.pdf)
>  Existing deep learning real denoising methods require a large amount of noisy-clean image pairs for supervision. Nonetheless, capturing a real noisy-clean dataset is an unacceptable expensive and cumbersome procedure. To alleviate this problem, this work investigates how to generate realistic noisy images. Firstly, we formulate a simple yet reasonable noise model that treats each real noisy pixel as a random variable. This model splits the noisy image generation problem into two sub-problems: image domain alignment and noise domain alignment. Subsequently, we propose a novel framework, namely Pixel-level Noise-aware Generative Adversarial Network (PNGAN). PNGAN employs a pre-trained real denoiser to map the fake and real noisy images into a nearly noise-free solution space to perform image domain alignment. Simultaneously, PNGAN establishes a pixel-level adversarial training to conduct noise domain alignment. Additionally, for better noise fitting, we present an efficient architecture Simple Multi-scale Network (SMNet) as the generator. Qualitative validation shows that noise generated by PNGAN is highly similar to real noise in terms of intensity and distribution. Quantitative experiments demonstrate that a series of denoisers trained with the generated noisy images achieve state-of-the-art (SOTA) results on four real denoising benchmarks.      
### 20.An Empirical Study of Remote Sensing Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02825.pdf)
>  Deep learning has largely reshaped remote sensing research for aerial image understanding. Nevertheless, most of existing deep models are initialized with ImageNet pretrained weights, where the natural images inevitably presents a large domain gap relative to the aerial images, probably limiting the finetuning performance on downstream aerial scene tasks. This issue motivates us to conduct an empirical study of remote sensing pretraining (RSP). To this end, we train different networks from scratch with the help of the largest remote sensing scene recognition dataset up to now-MillionAID, to obtain the remote sensing pretrained backbones, including both convolutional neural networks (CNN) and vision transformers such as Swin and ViTAE, which have shown promising performance on computer vision tasks. Then, we investigate the impact of ImageNet pretraining (IMP) and RSP on a series of downstream tasks including scene recognition, semantic segmentation, object detection, and change detection using the CNN and vision transformers backbones. We have some empirical findings as follows. First, vision transformers generally outperforms CNN backbones, where ViTAE achieves the best performance, owing to its strong representation capacity by introducing intrinsic inductive bias from convolutions to transformers. Second, both IMP and RSP help deliver better performance, where IMP enjoys a versatility by learning more universal representations from diverse images belonging to much more categories while RSP is distinctive in perceiving remote sensing related semantics. Third, RSP mitigates the data discrepancy of IMP for remote sensing but may still suffer from the task discrepancy, where downstream tasks require different representations from the scene recognition task. These findings call for further research efforts on both large-scale pretraining datasets and effective pretraining methods.      
### 21.ShowFace: Coordinated Face Inpainting with Memory-Disentangled Refinement Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02824.pdf)
>  Face inpainting aims to complete the corrupted regions of the face images, which requires coordination between the completed areas and the non-corrupted areas. Recently, memory-oriented methods illustrate great prospects in the generation related tasks by introducing an external memory module to improve image coordination. However, such methods still have limitations in restoring the consistency and continuity for specificfacial semantic parts. In this paper, we propose the coarse-to-fine Memory-Disentangled Refinement Networks (MDRNets) for coordinated face inpainting, in which two collaborative modules are integrated, Disentangled Memory Module (DMM) and Mask-Region Enhanced Module (MREM). Specifically, the DMM establishes a group of disentangled memory blocks to store the semantic-decoupled face representations, which could provide the most relevant information to refine the semantic-level coordination. The MREM involves a masked correlation mining mechanism to enhance the feature relationships into the corrupted regions, which could also make up for the correlation loss caused by memory disentanglement. Furthermore, to better improve the inter-coordination between the corrupted and non-corrupted regions and enhance the intra-coordination in corrupted regions, we design InCo2 Loss, a pair of similarity based losses to constrain the feature consistency. Eventually, extensive experiments conducted on CelebA-HQ and FFHQ datasets demonstrate the superiority of our MDRNets compared with previous State-Of-The-Art methods.      
### 22.BMD: A General Class-balanced Multicentric Dynamic Prototype Strategy for Source-free Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02811.pdf)
>  Source-free Domain Adaptation (SFDA) aims to adapt a pre-trained source model to the unlabeled target domain without accessing the well-labeled source data, which is a much more practical setting due to the data privacy, security, and transmission issues. To make up for the absence of source data, most existing methods introduced feature prototype based pseudo-labeling strategies to realize self-training model adaptation. However, feature prototypes are obtained by instance-level predictions based feature clustering, which is category-biased and tends to result in noisy labels since the visual domain gaps between source and target are usually different between categories. In addition, we found that a monocentric feature prototype may be ineffective to represent each category and introduce negative transfer, especially for those hard-transfer data. To address these issues, we propose a general class-Balanced Multicentric Dynamic prototype (BMD) strategy for the SFDA task. Specifically, for each target category, we first introduce a global inter-class balanced sampling strategy to aggregate potential representative target samples. Then, we design an intra-class multicentric clustering strategy to achieve more robust and representative prototypes generation. In contrast to existing strategies that update the pseudo label at a fixed training period, we further introduce a dynamic pseudo labeling strategy to incorporate network update information during model adaptation. Extensive experiments show that the proposed model-agnostic BMD strategy significantly improves representative SFDA methods to yield new state-of-the-art results, e.g., improving SHOT from 82.9\% to 85.8\% on VisDA-C and NRC from 52.6\% to 57.0\% on PointDA. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ispc-lab/BMD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Expression-preserving face frontalization improves visually assisted speech processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02810.pdf)
>  Face frontalization consists of synthesizing a frontally-viewed face from an arbitrarily-viewed one. The main contribution of this paper is a frontalization methodology that preserves non-rigid facial deformations in order to boost the performance of visually assisted speech communication. The method alternates between the estimation of (i)~the rigid transformation (scale, rotation, and translation) and (ii)~the non-rigid deformation between an arbitrarily-viewed face and a face model. The method has two important merits: it can deal with non-Gaussian errors in the data and it incorporates a dynamical face deformation model. For that purpose, we use the generalized Student t-distribution in combination with a linear dynamic system in order to account for both rigid head motions and time-varying facial deformations caused by speech production. We propose to use the zero-mean normalized cross-correlation (ZNCC) score to evaluate the ability of the method to preserve facial expressions. The method is thoroughly evaluated and compared with several state of the art methods, either based on traditional geometric models or on deep learning. Moreover, we show that the method, when incorporated into deep learning pipelines, namely lip reading and speech enhancement, improves word recognition and speech intelligibilty scores by a considerable margin. Supplemental material is accessible at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://team.inria.fr/robotlearn/research/facefrontalization-benchmark/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 24.A Transformer-Based Contrastive Learning Approach for Few-Shot Sign Language Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02803.pdf)
>  Sign language recognition from sequences of monocular images or 2D poses is a challenging field, not only due to the difficulty to infer 3D information from 2D data, but also due to the temporal relationship between the sequences of information. Additionally, the wide variety of signs and the constant need to add new ones on production environments makes it infeasible to use traditional classification techniques. We propose a novel Contrastive Transformer-based model, which demonstrate to learn rich representations from body key points sequences, allowing better comparison between vector embedding. This allows us to apply these techniques to perform one-shot or few-shot tasks, such as classification and translation. The experiments showed that the model could generalize well and achieved competitive results for sign classes never seen in the training process.      
### 25.Implicit Motion-Compensated Network for Unsupervised Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02791.pdf)
>  Unsupervised video object segmentation (UVOS) aims at automatically separating the primary foreground object(s) from the background in a video sequence. Existing UVOS methods either lack robustness when there are visually similar surroundings (appearance-based) or suffer from deterioration in the quality of their predictions because of dynamic background and inaccurate flow (flow-based). To overcome the limitations, we propose an implicit motion-compensated network (IMCNet) combining complementary cues ($\textit{i.e.}$, appearance and motion) with aligned motion information from the adjacent frames to the current frame at the feature level without estimating optical flows. The proposed IMCNet consists of an affinity computing module (ACM), an attention propagation module (APM), and a motion compensation module (MCM). The light-weight ACM extracts commonality between neighboring input frames based on appearance features. The APM then transmits global correlation in a top-down manner. Through coarse-to-fine iterative inspiring, the APM will refine object regions from multiple resolutions so as to efficiently avoid losing details. Finally, the MCM aligns motion information from temporally adjacent frames to the current frame which achieves implicit motion compensation at the feature level. We perform extensive experiments on $\textit{DAVIS}_{\textit{16}}$ and $\textit{YouTube-Objects}$. Our network achieves favorable performance while running at a faster speed compared to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 26.3D face reconstruction with dense landmarks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02776.pdf)
>  Landmarks often play a key role in face analysis, but many aspects of identity or expression cannot be represented by sparse landmarks alone. Thus, in order to reconstruct faces more accurately, landmarks are often combined with additional signals like depth images or techniques like differentiable rendering. Can we keep things simple by just using more landmarks? In answer, we present the first method that accurately predicts 10x as many landmarks as usual, covering the whole head, including the eyes and teeth. This is accomplished using synthetic training data, which guarantees perfect landmark annotations. By fitting a morphable model to these dense landmarks, we achieve state-of-the-art results for monocular 3D face reconstruction in the wild. We show that dense landmarks are an ideal signal for integrating face shape information across frames by demonstrating accurate and expressive facial performance capture in both monocular and multi-view scenarios. This approach is also highly efficient: we can predict dense landmarks and fit our 3D face model at over 150FPS on a single CPU thread.      
### 27.Semi-DRDNet Semi-supervised Detail-recovery Image Deraining Network via Unpaired Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02772.pdf)
>  The intricacy of rainy image contents often leads cutting-edge deraining models to image degradation including remnant rain, wrongly-removed details, and distorted appearance. Such degradation is further exacerbated when applying the models trained on synthetic data to real-world rainy images. We raise an intriguing question -- if leveraging both accessible unpaired clean/rainy yet real-world images and additional detail repair guidance, can improve the generalization ability of a deraining model? To answer it, we propose a semi-supervised detail-recovery image deraining network (termed as Semi-DRDNet). Semi-DRDNet consists of three branches: 1) for removing rain streaks without remnants, we present a \textit{squeeze-and-excitation} (SE)-based rain residual network; 2) for encouraging the lost details to return, we construct a \textit{structure detail context aggregation} (SDCAB)-based detail repair network; to our knowledge, this is the first time; and 3) for bridging the domain gap, we develop a novel contrastive regularization network to learn from unpaired positive (clean) and negative (rainy) yet real-world images. As a semi-supervised learning paradigm, Semi-DRDNet operates smoothly on both synthetic and real-world rainy data in terms of deraining robustness and detail accuracy. Comparisons on four datasets show clear visual and numerical improvements of our Semi-DRDNet over thirteen state-of-the-arts.      
### 28.Universal Representations: A Unified Look at Multiple Task and Domain Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02744.pdf)
>  We propose a unified look at jointly learning multiple vision tasks and visual domains through universal representations, a single deep neural network. Learning multiple problems simultaneously involves minimizing a weighted sum of multiple loss functions with different magnitudes and characteristics and thus results in unbalanced state of one loss dominating the optimization and poor results compared to learning a separate model for each problem. To this end, we propose distilling knowledge of multiple task/domain-specific networks into a single deep neural network after aligning its representations with the task/domain-specific ones through small capacity adapters. We rigorously show that universal representations achieve state-of-the-art performances in learning of multiple dense prediction problems in NYU-v2 and Cityscapes, multiple image classification problems from diverse domains in Visual Decathlon Dataset and cross-domain few-shot learning in MetaDataset. Finally we also conduct multiple analysis through ablation and qualitative studies.      
### 29.Masking Adversarial Damage: Finding Adversarial Saliency for Robust and Sparse Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02738.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples provoke weak reliability and potential security issues in deep neural networks. Although adversarial training has been widely studied to improve adversarial robustness, it works in an over-parameterized regime and requires high computations and large memory budgets. To bridge adversarial robustness and model compression, we propose a novel adversarial pruning method, Masking Adversarial Damage (MAD) that employs second-order information of adversarial loss. By using it, we can accurately estimate adversarial saliency for model parameters and determine which parameters can be pruned without weakening adversarial robustness. Furthermore, we reveal that model parameters of initial layer are highly sensitive to the adversarial examples and show that compressed feature representation retains semantic information for the target objects. Through extensive experiments on three public datasets, we demonstrate that MAD effectively prunes adversarially trained networks without loosing adversarial robustness and shows better performance than previous adversarial pruning methods.      
### 30.Georeferencing of Photovoltaic Modules from Aerial Infrared Videos using Structure-from-Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02733.pdf)
>  To identify abnormal photovoltaic (PV) modules in large-scale PV plants economically, drone-mounted infrared (IR) cameras and automated video processing algorithms are frequently used. While most related works focus on the detection of abnormal modules, little has been done to automatically localize those modules within the plant. In this work, we use incremental structure-from-motion to automatically obtain geocoordinates of all PV modules in a plant based on visual cues and the measured GPS trajectory of the drone. In addition, we extract multiple IR images of each PV module. Using our method, we successfully map 99.3 % of the 35084 modules in four large-scale and one rooftop plant and extract over 2.2 million module images. As compared to our previous work, extraction misses 18 times less modules (one in 140 modules as compared to one in eight). Furthermore, two or three plant rows can be processed simultaneously, increasing module throughput and reducing flight duration by a factor of 2.1 and 3.7, respectively. Comparison with an accurate orthophoto of one of the large-scale plants yields a root mean square error of the estimated module geocoordinates of 5.87 m and a relative error within each plant row of 0.22 m to 0.82 m. Finally, we use the module geocoordinates and extracted IR images to visualize distributions of module temperatures and anomaly predictions of a deep learning classifier on a map. While the temperature distribution helps to identify disconnected strings, we also find that its detection accuracy for module anomalies reaches, or even exceeds, that of a deep learning classifier for seven out of ten common anomaly types. The software is published at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LukasBommes/PV-Hawk" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Aesthetic Text Logo Synthesis via Content-aware Layout Inferring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02701.pdf)
>  Text logo design heavily relies on the creativity and expertise of professional designers, in which arranging element layouts is one of the most important procedures. However, few attention has been paid to this task which needs to take many factors (e.g., fonts, linguistics, topics, etc.) into consideration. In this paper, we propose a content-aware layout generation network which takes glyph images and their corresponding text as input and synthesizes aesthetic layouts for them automatically. Specifically, we develop a dual-discriminator module, including a sequence discriminator and an image discriminator, to evaluate both the character placing trajectories and rendered shapes of synthesized text logos, respectively. Furthermore, we fuse the information of linguistics from texts and visual semantics from glyphs to guide layout prediction, which both play important roles in professional layout design. To train and evaluate our approach, we construct a dataset named as TextLogo3K, consisting of about 3,500 text logo images and their pixel-level annotations. Experimental studies on this dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach for synthesizing visually-pleasing text logos and verify its superiority against the state of the art.      
### 32.SEAL: A Large-scale Video Dataset of Multi-grained Spatio-temporally Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02688.pdf)
>  In spite of many dataset efforts for human action recognition, current computer vision algorithms are still limited to coarse-grained spatial and temporal annotations among human daily life. In this paper, we introduce a novel large-scale video dataset dubbed SEAL for multi-grained Spatio-tEmporal Action Localization. SEAL consists of two kinds of annotations, SEAL Tubes and SEAL Clips. We observe that atomic actions can be combined into many complex activities. SEAL Tubes provide both atomic action and complex activity annotations in tubelet level, producing 49.6k atomic actions spanning 172 action categories and 17.7k complex activities spanning 200 activity categories. SEAL Clips localizes atomic actions in space during two-second clips, producing 510.4k action labels with multiple labels per person. Extensive experimental results show that SEAL significantly helps to advance video understanding.      
### 33.Domain-Agnostic Prior for Transfer Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02684.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) is an important topic in the computer vision community. The key difficulty lies in defining a common property between the source and target domains so that the source-domain features can align with the target-domain semantics. In this paper, we present a simple and effective mechanism that regularizes cross-domain representation learning with a domain-agnostic prior (DAP) that constrains the features extracted from source and target domains to align with a domain-agnostic space. In practice, this is easily implemented as an extra loss term that requires a little extra costs. In the standard evaluation protocol of transferring synthesized data to real data, we validate the effectiveness of different types of DAP, especially that borrowed from a text embedding model that shows favorable performance beyond the state-of-the-art UDA approaches in terms of segmentation accuracy. Our research reveals that UDA benefits much from better proxies, possibly from other data modalities.      
### 34.PP-LiteSeg: A Superior Real-Time Semantic Segmentation Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02681.pdf)
>  Real-world applications have high demands for semantic segmentation methods. Although semantic segmentation has made remarkable leap-forwards with deep learning, the performance of real-time methods is not satisfactory. In this work, we propose PP-LiteSeg, a novel lightweight model for the real-time semantic segmentation task. Specifically, we present a Flexible and Lightweight Decoder (FLD) to reduce computation overhead of previous decoder. To strengthen feature representations, we propose a Unified Attention Fusion Module (UAFM), which takes advantage of spatial and channel attention to produce a weight and then fuses the input features with the weight. Moreover, a Simple Pyramid Pooling Module (SPPM) is proposed to aggregate global context with low computation cost. Extensive evaluations demonstrate that PP-LiteSeg achieves a superior trade-off between accuracy and speed compared to other methods. On the Cityscapes test set, PP-LiteSeg achieves 72.0% mIoU/273.6 FPS and 77.5% mIoU/102.6 FPS on NVIDIA GTX 1080Ti. Source code and models are available at PaddleSeg: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.Rolling Colors: Adversarial Laser Exploits against Traffic Light Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02675.pdf)
>  Traffic light recognition is essential for fully autonomous driving in urban areas. In this paper, we investigate the feasibility of fooling traffic light recognition mechanisms by shedding laser interference on the camera. By exploiting the rolling shutter of CMOS sensors, we manage to inject a color stripe overlapped on the traffic light in the image, which can cause a red light to be recognized as a green light or vice versa. To increase the success rate, we design an optimization method to search for effective laser parameters based on empirical models of laser interference. Our evaluation in emulated and real-world setups on 2 state-of-the-art recognition systems and 5 cameras reports a maximum success rate of 30% and 86.25% for Red-to-Green and Green-to-Red attacks. We observe that the attack is effective in continuous frames from more than 40 meters away against a moving vehicle, which may cause end-to-end impacts on self-driving such as running a red light or emergency stop. To mitigate the threat, we propose redesigning the rolling shutter mechanism.      
### 36.Faster-TAD: Towards Temporal Action Detection with Proposal Generation and Classification in a Unified Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02674.pdf)
>  Temporal action detection (TAD) aims to detect the semantic labels and boundaries of action instances in untrimmed videos. Current mainstream approaches are multi-step solutions, which fall short in efficiency and flexibility. In this paper, we propose a unified network for TAD, termed Faster-TAD, by re-purposing a Faster-RCNN like architecture. To tackle the unique difficulty in TAD, we make important improvements over the original framework. We propose a new Context-Adaptive Proposal Module and an innovative Fake-Proposal Generation Block. What's more, we use atomic action features to improve the performance. Faster-TAD simplifies the pipeline of TAD and gets remarkable performance on lots of benchmarks, i.e., ActivityNet-1.3 (40.01% mAP), HACS Segments (38.39% mAP), SoccerNet-Action Spotting (54.09% mAP). It outperforms existing single-network detector by a large margin.      
### 37.The Swiss Army Knife for Image-to-Image Translation: Multi-Task Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02641.pdf)
>  Recently, diffusion models were applied to a wide range of image analysis tasks. We build on a method for image-to-image translation using denoising diffusion implicit models and include a regression problem and a segmentation problem for guiding the image generation to the desired output. The main advantage of our approach is that the guidance during the denoising process is done by an external gradient. Consequently, the diffusion model does not need to be retrained for the different tasks on the same dataset. We apply our method to simulate the aging process on facial photos using a regression task, as well as on a brain magnetic resonance (MR) imaging dataset for the simulation of brain tumor growth. Furthermore, we use a segmentation model to inpaint tumors at the desired location in healthy slices of brain MR images. We achieve convincing results for all problems.      
### 38.IterVM: Iterative Vision Modeling Module for Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02630.pdf)
>  Scene text recognition (STR) is a challenging problem due to the imperfect imagery conditions in natural images. State-of-the-art methods utilize both visual cues and linguistic knowledge to tackle this challenging problem. Specifically, they propose iterative language modeling module (IterLM) to repeatedly refine the output sequence from the visual modeling module (VM). Though achieving promising results, the vision modeling module has become the performance bottleneck of these methods. In this paper, we newly propose iterative vision modeling module (IterVM) to further improve the STR accuracy. Specifically, the first VM directly extracts multi-level features from the input image, and the following VMs re-extract multi-level features from the input image and fuse them with the high-level (i.e., the most semantic one) feature extracted by the previous VM. By combining the proposed IterVM with iterative language modeling module, we further propose a powerful scene text recognizer called IterNet. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed IterVM can significantly improve the scene text recognition accuracy, especially on low-quality scene text images. Moreover, the proposed scene text recognizer IterNet achieves new state-of-the-art results on several public benchmarks. Codes will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VDIGPKU/IterNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Towards Robust Adaptive Object Detection under Noisy Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02620.pdf)
>  Domain Adaptive Object Detection (DAOD) models a joint distribution of images and labels from an annotated source domain and learns a domain-invariant transformation to estimate the target labels with the given target domain images. Existing methods assume that the source domain labels are completely clean, yet large-scale datasets often contain error-prone annotations due to instance ambiguity, which may lead to a biased source distribution and severely degrade the performance of the domain adaptive detector de facto. In this paper, we represent the first effort to formulate noisy DAOD and propose a Noise Latent Transferability Exploration (NLTE) framework to address this issue. It is featured with 1) Potential Instance Mining (PIM), which leverages eligible proposals to recapture the miss-annotated instances from the background; 2) Morphable Graph Relation Module (MGRM), which models the adaptation feasibility and transition probability of noisy samples with relation matrices; 3) Entropy-Aware Gradient Reconcilement (EAGR), which incorporates the semantic information into the discrimination process and enforces the gradients provided by noisy and clean samples to be consistent towards learning domain-invariant representations. A thorough evaluation on benchmark DAOD datasets with noisy source annotations validates the effectiveness of NLTE. In particular, NLTE improves the mAP by 8.4\% under 60\% corrupted annotations and even approaches the ideal upper bound of training on a clean source dataset.      
### 40.Cloning Outfits from Real-World Images to 3D Characters for Generalizable Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02611.pdf)
>  Recently, large-scale synthetic datasets are shown to be very useful for generalizable person re-identification. However, synthesized persons in existing datasets are mostly cartoon-like and in random dress collocation, which limits their performance. To address this, in this work, an automatic approach is proposed to directly clone the whole outfits from real-world person images to virtual 3D characters, such that any virtual person thus created will appear very similar to its real-world counterpart. Specifically, based on UV texture mapping, two cloning methods are designed, namely registered clothes mapping and homogeneous cloth expansion. Given clothes keypoints detected on person images and labeled on regular UV maps with clear clothes structures, registered mapping applies perspective homography to warp real-world clothes to the counterparts on the UV map. As for invisible clothes parts and irregular UV maps, homogeneous expansion segments a homogeneous area on clothes as a realistic cloth pattern or cell, and expand the cell to fill the UV map. Furthermore, a similarity-diversity expansion strategy is proposed, by clustering person images, sampling images per cluster, and cloning outfits for 3D character generation. This way, virtual persons can be scaled up densely in visual similarity to challenge model learning, and diversely in population to enrich sample distribution. Finally, by rendering the cloned characters in Unity3D scenes, a more realistic virtual dataset called ClonedPerson is created, with 5,621 identities and 887,766 images. Experimental results show that the model trained on ClonedPerson has a better generalization performance, superior to that trained on other popular real-world and synthetic person re-identification datasets. The ClonedPerson project is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Yanan-Wang-cs/ClonedPerson" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Face recognition in a transformed domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02608.pdf)
>  This paper proposes the use of a discrete cosine transform (DCT) instead of the eigenfaces method (Karhunen-Loeve Transform) for biometric identification based on frontal face images. Experimental results show better recognition accuracies and reduced computational burden. This paper includes results with different classifiers and a combination of them.      
### 42.Fine-Grained Predicates Learning for Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02597.pdf)
>  The performance of current Scene Graph Generation models is severely hampered by some hard-to-distinguish predicates, e.g., "woman-on/standing on/walking on-beach" or "woman-near/looking at/in front of-child". While general SGG models are prone to predict head predicates and existing re-balancing strategies prefer tail categories, none of them can appropriately handle these hard-to-distinguish predicates. To tackle this issue, inspired by fine-grained image classification, which focuses on differentiating among hard-to-distinguish object classes, we propose a method named Fine-Grained Predicates Learning (FGPL) which aims at differentiating among hard-to-distinguish predicates for Scene Graph Generation task. Specifically, we first introduce a Predicate Lattice that helps SGG models to figure out fine-grained predicate pairs. Then, utilizing the Predicate Lattice, we propose a Category Discriminating Loss and an Entity Discriminating Loss, which both contribute to distinguishing fine-grained predicates while maintaining learned discriminatory power over recognizable ones. The proposed model-agnostic strategy significantly boosts the performances of three benchmark models (Transformer, VCTree, and Motif) by 22.8\%, 24.1\% and 21.7\% of Mean Recall (mR@100) on the Predicate Classification sub-task, respectively. Our model also outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a large margin (i.e., 6.1\%, 4.6\%, and 3.2\% of Mean Recall (mR@100)) on the Visual Genome dataset.      
### 43.Contextual Attention Mechanism, SRGAN Based Inpainting System for Eliminating Interruptions from Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02591.pdf)
>  The new alternative is to use deep learning to inpaint any image by utilizing image classification and computer vision techniques. In general, image inpainting is a task of recreating or reconstructing any broken image which could be a photograph or oil/acrylic painting. With the advancement in the field of Artificial Intelligence, this topic has become popular among AI enthusiasts. With our approach, we propose an initial end-to-end pipeline for inpainting images using a complete Machine Learning approach instead of a conventional application-based approach. We first use the YOLO model to automatically identify and localize the object we wish to remove from the image. Using the result obtained from the model we can generate a mask for the same. After this, we provide the masked image and original image to the GAN model which uses the Contextual Attention method to fill in the region. It consists of two generator networks and two discriminator networks and is also called a coarse-to-fine network structure. The two generators use fully convolutional networks while the global discriminator gets hold of the entire image as input while the local discriminator gets the grip of the filled region as input. The contextual Attention mechanism is proposed to effectively borrow the neighbor information from distant spatial locations for reconstructing the missing pixels. The third part of our implementation uses SRGAN to resolve the inpainted image back to its original size. Our work is inspired by the paper Free-Form Image Inpainting with Gated Convolution and Generative Image Inpainting with Contextual Attention.      
### 44.Learning to Anticipate Future with Dynamic Context Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02587.pdf)
>  Anticipating future events is an essential feature for intelligent systems and embodied AI. However, compared to the traditional recognition task, the uncertainty of future and reasoning ability requirement make the anticipation task very challenging and far beyond solved. In this filed, previous methods usually care more about the model architecture design or but few attention has been put on how to train an anticipation model with a proper learning policy. To this end, in this work, we propose a novel training scheme called Dynamic Context Removal (DCR), which dynamically schedules the visibility of observed future in the learning procedure. It follows the human-like curriculum learning process, i.e., gradually removing the event context to increase the anticipation difficulty till satisfying the final anticipation target. Our learning scheme is plug-and-play and easy to integrate any reasoning model including transformer and LSTM, with advantages in both effectiveness and efficiency. In extensive experiments, the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art on four widely-used benchmarks. Our code and models are publicly released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AllenXuuu/DCR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.SqueezeNeRF: Further factorized FastNeRF for memory-efficient inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02585.pdf)
>  Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) has emerged as the state-of-the-art method for novel view generation of complex scenes, but is very slow during inference. Recently, there have been multiple works on speeding up NeRF inference, but the state of the art methods for real-time NeRF inference rely on caching the neural network output, which occupies several giga-bytes of disk space that limits their real-world applicability. As caching the neural network of original NeRF network is not feasible, Garbin et al. proposed "FastNeRF" which factorizes the problem into 2 sub-networks - one which depends only on the 3D coordinate of a sample point and one which depends only on the 2D camera viewing direction. Although this factorization enables them to reduce the cache size and perform inference at over 200 frames per second, the memory overhead is still substantial. In this work, we propose SqueezeNeRF, which is more than 60 times memory-efficient than the sparse cache of FastNeRF and is still able to render at more than 190 frames per second on a high spec GPU during inference.      
### 46.Banana Sub-Family Classification and Quality Prediction using Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02581.pdf)
>  India is the second largest producer of fruits and vegetables in the world, and one of the largest consumers of fruits like Banana, Papaya and Mangoes through retail and ecommerce giants like BigBasket, Grofers and Amazon Fresh. However, adoption of technology in supply chain and retail stores is still low and there is a great potential to adopt computer-vision based technology for identification and classification of fruits. We have chosen banana fruit to build a computer vision based model to carry out the following three use-cases (a) Identify Banana from a given image (b) Determine sub-family or variety of Banana (c) Determine the quality of Banana. Successful execution of these use-cases using computer-vision model would greatly help with overall inventory management automation, quality control, quick and efficient weighing and billing which all are manual labor intensive currently. In this work, we suggest a machine learning pipeline that combines the ideas of CNNs, transfer learning, and data augmentation towards improving Banana fruit sub family and quality image classification. We have built a basic CNN and then went on to tune a MobileNet Banana classification model using a combination of self-curated and publicly-available dataset of 3064 images. The results show an overall 93.4% and 100% accuracy for sub-family/variety and for quality test classifications respectively.      
### 47.FocalClick: Towards Practical Interactive Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02574.pdf)
>  Interactive segmentation allows users to extract target masks by making positive/negative clicks. Although explored by many previous works, there is still a gap between academic approaches and industrial needs: first, existing models are not efficient enough to work on low power devices; second, they perform poorly when used to refine preexisting masks as they could not avoid destroying the correct part. FocalClick solves both issues at once by predicting and updating the mask in localized areas. For higher efficiency, we decompose the slow prediction on the entire image into two fast inferences on small crops: a coarse segmentation on the Target Crop, and a local refinement on the Focus Crop. To make the model work with preexisting masks, we formulate a sub-task termed Interactive Mask Correction, and propose Progressive Merge as the solution. Progressive Merge exploits morphological information to decide where to preserve and where to update, enabling users to refine any preexisting mask effectively. FocalClick achieves competitive results against SOTA methods with significantly smaller FLOPs. It also shows significant superiority when making corrections on preexisting masks. Code and data will be released at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/XavierCHEN34/ClickSEG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 48.Detecting key Soccer match events to create highlights using Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02573.pdf)
>  The research and data science community has been fascinated with the development of automatic systems for the detection of key events in a video. Special attention in this field is given to sports video analytics which could help in identifying key events during a match and help in preparing a strategy for the games going forward. For this paper, we have chosen Football (soccer) as a sport where we would want to create highlights for a given match video, through a computer vision model that aims to identify important events in a Soccer match to create highlights of the match. We built the models based on Faster RCNN and YoloV5 architectures and noticed that for the amount of data we used for training Faster RCNN did better than YoloV5 in detecting the events in the match though it was much slower. Within Faster RCNN using ResNet50 as a base model gave a better class accuracy of 95.5% as compared to 92% with VGG16 as base model completely outperforming YoloV5 for our training dataset. We tested with an original video of size 23 minutes and our model could reduce it to 4:50 minutes of highlights capturing almost all important events in the match.      
### 49.Gait Recognition in the Wild with Dense 3D Representations and A Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02569.pdf)
>  Existing studies for gait recognition are dominated by 2D representations like the silhouette or skeleton of the human body in constrained scenes. However, humans live and walk in the unconstrained 3D space, so projecting the 3D human body onto the 2D plane will discard a lot of crucial information like the viewpoint, shape, and dynamics for gait recognition. Therefore, this paper aims to explore dense 3D representations for gait recognition in the wild, which is a practical yet neglected problem. In particular, we propose a novel framework to explore the 3D Skinned Multi-Person Linear (SMPL) model of the human body for gait recognition, named SMPLGait. Our framework has two elaborately-designed branches of which one extracts appearance features from silhouettes, the other learns knowledge of 3D viewpoints and shapes from the 3D SMPL model. In addition, due to the lack of suitable datasets, we build the first large-scale 3D representation-based gait recognition dataset, named Gait3D. It contains 4,000 subjects and over 25,000 sequences extracted from 39 cameras in an unconstrained indoor scene. More importantly, it provides 3D SMPL models recovered from video frames which can provide dense 3D information of body shape, viewpoint, and dynamics. Based on Gait3D, we comprehensively compare our method with existing gait recognition approaches, which reflects the superior performance of our framework and the potential of 3D representations for gait recognition in the wild. The code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gait3d.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 50.MixFormer: Mixing Features across Windows and Dimensions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02557.pdf)
>  While local-window self-attention performs notably in vision tasks, it suffers from limited receptive field and weak modeling capability issues. This is mainly because it performs self-attention within non-overlapped windows and shares weights on the channel dimension. We propose MixFormer to find a solution. First, we combine local-window self-attention with depth-wise convolution in a parallel design, modeling cross-window connections to enlarge the receptive fields. Second, we propose bi-directional interactions across branches to provide complementary clues in the channel and spatial dimensions. These two designs are integrated to achieve efficient feature mixing among windows and dimensions. Our MixFormer provides competitive results on image classification with EfficientNet and shows better results than RegNet and Swin Transformer. Performance in downstream tasks outperforms its alternatives by significant margins with less computational costs in 5 dense prediction tasks on MS COCO, ADE20k, and LVIS. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleClas" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 51.RODD: A Self-Supervised Approach for Robust Out-of-Distribution Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02553.pdf)
>  Recent studies have addressed the concern of detecting and rejecting the out-of-distribution (OOD) samples as a major challenge in the safe deployment of deep learning (DL) models. It is desired that the DL model should only be confident about the in-distribution (ID) data which reinforces the driving principle of the OOD detection. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective generalized OOD detection method independent of out-of-distribution datasets. Our approach relies on self-supervised feature learning of the training samples, where the embeddings lie on a compact low-dimensional space. Motivated by the recent studies that show self-supervised adversarial contrastive learning helps robustify the model, we empirically show that a pre-trained model with self-supervised contrastive learning yields a better model for uni-dimensional feature learning in the latent space. The method proposed in this work referred to as \texttt{RODD}, outperforms SOTA detection performance on an extensive suite of benchmark datasets on OOD detection tasks. On the CIFAR-100 benchmarks, \texttt{RODD} achieves a 26.97 $\%$ lower false-positive rate (FPR@95) compared to SOTA methods.      
### 52.Style-Hallucinated Dual Consistency Learning for Domain Generalized Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02548.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the task of synthetic-to-real domain generalized semantic segmentation, which aims to learn a model that is robust to unseen real-world scenes using only synthetic data. The large domain shift between synthetic and real-world data, including the limited source environmental variations and the large distribution gap between synthetic and real-world data, significantly hinders the model performance on unseen real-world scenes. In this work, we propose the Style-HAllucinated Dual consistEncy learning (SHADE) framework to handle such domain shift. Specifically, SHADE is constructed based on two consistency constraints, Style Consistency (SC) and Retrospection Consistency (RC). SC enriches the source situations and encourages the model to learn consistent representation across style-diversified samples. RC leverages real-world knowledge to prevent the model from overfitting to synthetic data and thus largely keeps the representation consistent between the synthetic and real-world models. Furthermore, we present a novel style hallucination module (SHM) to generate style-diversified samples that are essential to consistency learning. SHM selects basis styles from the source distribution, enabling the model to dynamically generate diverse and realistic samples during training. Experiments show that our SHADE yields significant improvement and outperforms state-of-the-art methods by 5.07% and 8.35% on the average mIoU of three real-world datasets on single- and multi-source settings respectively.      
### 53.Modeling Motion with Multi-Modal Features for Text-Based Video Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02547.pdf)
>  Text-based video segmentation aims to segment the target object in a video based on a describing sentence. Incorporating motion information from optical flow maps with appearance and linguistic modalities is crucial yet has been largely ignored by previous work. In this paper, we design a method to fuse and align appearance, motion, and linguistic features to achieve accurate segmentation. Specifically, we propose a multi-modal video transformer, which can fuse and aggregate multi-modal and temporal features between frames. Furthermore, we design a language-guided feature fusion module to progressively fuse appearance and motion features in each feature level with guidance from linguistic features. Finally, a multi-modal alignment loss is proposed to alleviate the semantic gap between features from different modalities. Extensive experiments on A2D Sentences and J-HMDB Sentences verify the performance and the generalization ability of our method compared to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 54.Depth-Guided Sparse Structure-from-Motion for Movies and TV Shows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02509.pdf)
>  Existing approaches for Structure from Motion (SfM) produce impressive 3-D reconstruction results especially when using imagery captured with large parallax. However, to create engaging video-content in movies and TV shows, the amount by which a camera can be moved while filming a particular shot is often limited. The resulting small-motion parallax between video frames makes standard geometry-based SfM approaches not as effective for movies and TV shows. To address this challenge, we propose a simple yet effective approach that uses single-frame depth-prior obtained from a pretrained network to significantly improve geometry-based SfM for our small-parallax setting. To this end, we first use the depth-estimates of the detected keypoints to reconstruct the point cloud and camera-pose for initial two-view reconstruction. We then perform depth-regularized optimization to register new images and triangulate the new points during incremental reconstruction. To comprehensively evaluate our approach, we introduce a new dataset (StudioSfM) consisting of 130 shots with 21K frames from 15 studio-produced videos that are manually annotated by a professional CG studio. We demonstrate that our approach: (a) significantly improves the quality of 3-D reconstruction for our small-parallax setting, (b) does not cause any degradation for data with large-parallax, and (c) maintains the generalizability and scalability of geometry-based sparse SfM. Our dataset can be obtained at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/amazon-research/small-baseline-camera-tracking" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 55.Leveraging Disentangled Representations to Improve Vision-Based Keystroke Inference Attacks Under Low Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02494.pdf)
>  Keystroke inference attacks are a form of side-channel attacks in which an attacker leverages various techniques to recover a user's keystrokes as she inputs information into some display (e.g., while sending a text message or entering her pin). Typically, these attacks leverage machine learning approaches, but assessing the realism of the threat space has lagged behind the pace of machine learning advancements, due in-part, to the challenges in curating large real-life datasets. We aim to overcome the challenge of having limited number of real data by introducing a video domain adaptation technique that is able to leverage synthetic data through supervised disentangled learning. Specifically, for a given domain, we decompose the observed data into two factors of variation: Style and Content. Doing so provides four learned representations: real-life style, synthetic style, real-life content and synthetic content. Then, we combine them into feature representations from all combinations of style-content pairings across domains, and train a model on these combined representations to classify the content (i.e., labels) of a given datapoint in the style of another domain. We evaluate our method on real-life data using a variety of metrics to quantify the amount of information an attacker is able to recover. We show that our method prevents our model from overfitting to a small real-life training set, indicating that our method is an effective form of data augmentation, thereby making keystroke inference attacks more practical.      
### 56.Text2LIVE: Text-Driven Layered Image and Video Editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02491.pdf)
>  We present a method for zero-shot, text-driven appearance manipulation in natural images and videos. Given an input image or video and a target text prompt, our goal is to edit the appearance of existing objects (e.g., object's texture) or augment the scene with visual effects (e.g., smoke, fire) in a semantically meaningful manner. We train a generator using an internal dataset of training examples, extracted from a single input (image or video and target text prompt), while leveraging an external pre-trained CLIP model to establish our losses. Rather than directly generating the edited output, our key idea is to generate an edit layer (color+opacity) that is composited over the original input. This allows us to constrain the generation process and maintain high fidelity to the original input via novel text-driven losses that are applied directly to the edit layer. Our method neither relies on a pre-trained generator nor requires user-provided edit masks. We demonstrate localized, semantic edits on high-resolution natural images and videos across a variety of objects and scenes.      
### 57.Training-Free Robust Multimodal Learning via Sample-Wise Jacobian Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02485.pdf)
>  Multimodal fusion emerges as an appealing technique to improve model performances on many tasks. Nevertheless, the robustness of such fusion methods is rarely involved in the present literature. In this paper, we propose a training-free robust late-fusion method by exploiting conditional independence assumption and Jacobian regularization. Our key is to minimize the Frobenius norm of a Jacobian matrix, where the resulting optimization problem is relaxed to a tractable Sylvester equation. Furthermore, we provide a theoretical error bound of our method and some insights about the function of the extra modality. Several numerical experiments on AV-MNIST, RAVDESS, and VGGsound demonstrate the efficacy of our method under both adversarial attacks and random corruptions.      
### 58.Adversarial Robustness through the Lens of Convolutional Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02481.pdf)
>  Deep learning models are intrinsically sensitive to distribution shifts in the input data. In particular, small, barely perceivable perturbations to the input data can force models to make wrong predictions with high confidence. An common defense mechanism is regularization through adversarial training which injects worst-case perturbations back into training to strengthen the decision boundaries, and to reduce overfitting. In this context, we perform an investigation of 3x3 convolution filters that form in adversarially-trained models. Filters are extracted from 71 public models of the linf-RobustBench CIFAR-10/100 and ImageNet1k leaderboard and compared to filters extracted from models built on the same architectures but trained without robust regularization. We observe that adversarially-robust models appear to form more diverse, less sparse, and more orthogonal convolution filters than their normal counterparts. The largest differences between robust and normal models are found in the deepest layers, and the very first convolution layer, which consistently and predominantly forms filters that can partially eliminate perturbations, irrespective of the architecture. Data &amp; Project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/paulgavrikov/cvpr22w_RobustnessThroughTheLens" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 59.CHORE: Contact, Human and Object REconstruction from a single RGB image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02445.pdf)
>  While most works in computer vision and learning have focused on perceiving 3D humans from single images in isolation, in this work we focus on capturing 3D humans interacting with objects. The problem is extremely challenging due to heavy occlusions between human and object, diverse interaction types and depth ambiguity. In this paper, we introduce CHORE, a novel method that learns to jointly reconstruct human and object from a single image. CHORE takes inspiration from recent advances in implicit surface learning and classical model-based fitting. We compute a neural reconstruction of human and object represented implicitly with two unsigned distance fields, and additionally predict a correspondence field to a parametric body as well as an object pose field. This allows us to robustly fit a parametric body model and a 3D object template, while reasoning about interactions. Furthermore, prior pixel-aligned implicit learning methods use synthetic data and make assumptions that are not met in real data. We propose a simple yet effective depth-aware scaling that allows more efficient shape learning on real data. Our experiments show that our joint reconstruction learned with the proposed strategy significantly outperforms the SOTA. Our code and models will be released to foster future research in this direction.      
### 60.Texturify: Generating Textures on 3D Shape Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02411.pdf)
>  Texture cues on 3D objects are key to compelling visual representations, with the possibility to create high visual fidelity with inherent spatial consistency across different views. Since the availability of textured 3D shapes remains very limited, learning a 3D-supervised data-driven method that predicts a texture based on the 3D input is very challenging. We thus propose Texturify, a GAN-based method that leverages a 3D shape dataset of an object class and learns to reproduce the distribution of appearances observed in real images by generating high-quality textures. In particular, our method does not require any 3D color supervision or correspondence between shape geometry and images to learn the texturing of 3D objects. Texturify operates directly on the surface of the 3D objects by introducing face convolutional operators on a hierarchical 4-RoSy parametrization to generate plausible object-specific textures. Employing differentiable rendering and adversarial losses that critique individual views and consistency across views, we effectively learn the high-quality surface texturing distribution from real-world images. Experiments on car and chair shape collections show that our approach outperforms state of the art by an average of 22% in FID score.      
### 61.Last Layer Re-Training is Sufficient for Robustness to Spurious Correlations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02937.pdf)
>  Neural network classifiers can largely rely on simple spurious features, such as backgrounds, to make predictions. However, even in these cases, we show that they still often learn core features associated with the desired attributes of the data, contrary to recent findings. Inspired by this insight, we demonstrate that simple last layer retraining can match or outperform state-of-the-art approaches on spurious correlation benchmarks, but with profoundly lower complexity and computational expenses. Moreover, we show that last layer retraining on large ImageNet-trained models can also significantly reduce reliance on background and texture information, improving robustness to covariate shift, after only minutes of training on a single GPU.      
### 62.Demonstrate Once, Imitate Immediately (DOME): Learning Visual Servoing for One-Shot Imitation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02863.pdf)
>  We present DOME, a novel method for one-shot imitation learning, where a task can be learned from just a single demonstration and then be deployed immediately, without any further data collection or training. DOME does not require prior task or object knowledge, and can perform the task in novel object configurations and with distractors. At its core, DOME uses an image-conditioned object segmentation network followed by a learned visual servoing network, to move the robot's end-effector to the same relative pose to the object as during the demonstration, after which the task can be completed by replaying the demonstration's end-effector velocities. We show that DOME achieves near 100% success rate on 7 real-world everyday tasks, and we perform several studies to thoroughly understand each individual component of DOME.      
### 63.Open-Source Tools for Behavioral Video Analysis: Setup, Methods, and Development  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02842.pdf)
>  Recently developed methods for video analysis, especially models for pose estimation and behavior classification, are transforming behavioral quantification to be more precise, scalable, and reproducible in fields such as neuroscience and ethology. These tools overcome long-standing limitations of manual scoring of video frames and traditional "center of mass" tracking algorithms to enable video analysis at scale. The expansion of open-source tools for video acquisition and analysis has led to new experimental approaches to understand behavior. Here, we review currently available open source tools for video analysis, how to set them up in a lab that is new to video recording methods, and some issues that should be addressed by developers and advanced users, including the need to openly share datasets and code, how to compare algorithms and their parameters, and the need for documentation and community-wide standards. We hope to encourage more widespread use and continued development of the tools. They have tremendous potential for accelerating scientific progress for understanding the brain and behavior.      
### 64.CCAT-NET: A Novel Transformer Based Semi-supervised Framework for Covid-19 Lung Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02839.pdf)
>  The spread of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has claimed millions of lives. Automatic segmentation of lesions from CT images can assist doctors with screening, treatment, and monitoring. However, accurate segmentation of lesions from CT images can be very challenging due to data and model limitations. Recently, Transformer-based networks have attracted a lot of attention in the area of computer vision, as Transformer outperforms CNN at a bunch of tasks. In this work, we propose a novel network structure that combines CNN and Transformer for the segmentation of COVID-19 lesions. We further propose an efficient semi-supervised learning framework to address the shortage of labeled data. Extensive experiments showed that our proposed network outperforms most existing networks and the semi-supervised learning framework can outperform the base network by 3.0% and 8.2% in terms of Dice coefficient and sensitivity.      
### 65.A Dempster-Shafer approach to trustworthy AI with application to fetal brain MRI segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02779.pdf)
>  Deep learning models for medical image segmentation can fail unexpectedly and spectacularly for pathological cases and for images acquired at different centers than those used for training, with labeling errors that violate expert knowledge about the anatomy and the intensity distribution of the regions to be segmented. Such errors undermine the trustworthiness of deep learning models developed for medical image segmentation. Mechanisms with a fallback method for detecting and correcting such failures are essential for safely translating this technology into clinics and are likely to be a requirement of future regulations on artificial intelligence (AI). Here, we propose a principled trustworthy AI theoretical framework and a practical system that can augment any backbone AI system using a fallback method and a fail-safe mechanism based on Dempster-Shafer theory. Our approach relies on an actionable definition of trustworthy AI. Our method automatically discards the voxel-level labeling predicted by the backbone AI that are likely to violate expert knowledge and relies on a fallback atlas-based segmentation method for those voxels. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed trustworthy AI approach on the largest reported annotated dataset of fetal T2w MRI consisting of 540 manually annotated fetal brain 3D MRIs with neurotypical or abnormal brain development and acquired from 13 sources of data across 6 countries. We show that our trustworthy AI method improves the robustness of a state-of-the-art backbone AI for fetal brain MRI segmentation on MRIs acquired across various centers and for fetuses with various brain abnormalities.      
### 66.BFRnet: A deep learning-based MR background field removal method for QSM of the brain containing significant pathological susceptibility sources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02760.pdf)
>  Introduction: Background field removal (BFR) is a critical step required for successful quantitative susceptibility mapping (QSM). However, eliminating the background field in brains containing significant susceptibility sources, such as intracranial hemorrhages, is challenging due to the relatively large scale of the field induced by these pathological susceptibility sources. Method: This study proposes a new deep learning-based method, BFRnet, to remove background field in healthy and hemorrhagic subjects. The network is built with the dual-frequency octave convolutions on the U-net architecture, trained with synthetic field maps containing significant susceptibility sources. The BFRnet method is compared with three conventional BFR methods and one previous deep learning method using simulated and in vivo brains from 4 healthy and 2 hemorrhagic subjects. Robustness against acquisition field-of-view (FOV) orientation and brain masking are also investigated. Results: For both simulation and in vivo experiments, BFRnet led to the best visually appealing results in the local field and QSM results with the minimum contrast loss and the most accurate hemorrhage susceptibility measurements among all five methods. In addition, BFRnet produced the most consistent local field and susceptibility maps between different sizes of brain masks, while conventional methods depend drastically on precise brain extraction and further brain edge erosions. It is also observed that BFRnet performed the best among all BFR methods for acquisition FOVs oblique to the main magnetic field. Conclusion: The proposed BFRnet improved the accuracy of local field reconstruction in the hemorrhagic subjects compared with conventional BFR algorithms. The BFRnet method was effective for acquisitions of titled orientations and retained whole brains without edge erosion as often required by traditional BFR methods.      
### 67.Towards An End-to-End Framework for Flow-Guided Video Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02663.pdf)
>  Optical flow, which captures motion information across frames, is exploited in recent video inpainting methods through propagating pixels along its trajectories. However, the hand-crafted flow-based processes in these methods are applied separately to form the whole inpainting pipeline. Thus, these methods are less efficient and rely heavily on the intermediate results from earlier stages. In this paper, we propose an End-to-End framework for Flow-Guided Video Inpainting (E$^2$FGVI) through elaborately designed three trainable modules, namely, flow completion, feature propagation, and content hallucination modules. The three modules correspond with the three stages of previous flow-based methods but can be jointly optimized, leading to a more efficient and effective inpainting process. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods both qualitatively and quantitatively and shows promising efficiency. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MCG-NKU/E2FGVI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 68.CAIPI in Practice: Towards Explainable Interactive Medical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02661.pdf)
>  Would you trust physicians if they cannot explain their decisions to you? Medical diagnostics using machine learning gained enormously in importance within the last decade. However, without further enhancements many state-of-the-art machine learning methods are not suitable for medical application. The most important reasons are insufficient data set quality and the black-box behavior of machine learning algorithms such as Deep Learning models. Consequently, end-users cannot correct the model's decisions and the corresponding explanations. The latter is crucial for the trustworthiness of machine learning in the medical domain. The research field explainable interactive machine learning searches for methods that address both shortcomings. This paper extends the explainable and interactive CAIPI algorithm and provides an interface to simplify human-in-the-loop approaches for image classification. The interface enables the end-user (1) to investigate and (2) to correct the model's prediction and explanation, and (3) to influence the data set quality. After CAIPI optimization with only a single counterexample per iteration, the model achieves an accuracy of $97.48\%$ on the Medical MNIST and $95.02\%$ on the Fashion MNIST. This accuracy is approximately equal to state-of-the-art Deep Learning optimization procedures. Besides, CAIPI reduces the labeling effort by approximately $80\%$.      
### 69.Super-resolved multi-temporal segmentation with deep permutation-invariant networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02631.pdf)
>  Multi-image super-resolution from multi-temporal satellite acquisitions of a scene has recently enjoyed great success thanks to new deep learning models. In this paper, we go beyond classic image reconstruction at a higher resolution by studying a super-resolved inference problem, namely semantic segmentation at a spatial resolution higher than the one of sensing platform. We expand upon recently proposed models exploiting temporal permutation invariance with a multi-resolution fusion module able to infer the rich semantic information needed by the segmentation task. The model presented in this paper has recently won the AI4EO challenge on Enhanced Sentinel 2 Agriculture.      
### 70.Emphasis on the Minimization of False Negatives or False Positives in Binary Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02526.pdf)
>  The minimization of specific cases in binary classification, such as false negatives or false positives, grows increasingly important as humans begin to implement more machine learning into current products. While there are a few methods to put a bias towards the reduction of specific cases, these methods aren't very effective, hence their minimal use in models. To this end, a new method is introduced to reduce the False Negatives or False positives without drastically changing the overall performance or F1 score of the model. This method involving the careful change to the real value of the input after pre-training the model. Presenting the results of this method being applied on various datasets, some being more complex than others. Through experimentation on multiple model architectures on these datasets, the best model was found. In all the models, an increase in the recall or precision, minimization of False Negatives or False Positives respectively, was shown without a large drop in F1 score.      
### 71.Learning Optimal K-space Acquisition and Reconstruction using Physics-Informed Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02480.pdf)
>  The inherent slow imaging speed of Magnetic Resonance Image (MRI) has spurred the development of various acceleration methods, typically through heuristically undersampling the MRI measurement domain known as k-space. Recently, deep neural networks have been applied to reconstruct undersampled k-space data and have shown improved reconstruction performance. While most of these methods focus on designing novel reconstruction networks or new training strategies for a given undersampling pattern, \textit{e.g.}, Cartesian undersampling or Non-Cartesian sampling, to date, there is limited research aiming to learn and optimize k-space sampling strategies using deep neural networks. This work proposes a novel optimization framework to learn k-space sampling trajectories by considering it as an Ordinary Differential Equation (ODE) problem that can be solved using neural ODE. In particular, the sampling of k-space data is framed as a dynamic system, in which neural ODE is formulated to approximate the system with additional constraints on MRI physics. In addition, we have also demonstrated that trajectory optimization and image reconstruction can be learned collaboratively for improved imaging efficiency and reconstruction performance. Experiments were conducted on different in-vivo datasets (\textit{e.g.}, brain and knee images) acquired with different sequences. Initial results have shown that our proposed method can generate better image quality in accelerated MRI than conventional undersampling schemes in Cartesian and Non-Cartesian acquisitions.      
### 72.Federated Cross Learning for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02450.pdf)
>  Federated learning (FL) can collaboratively train deep learning models using isolated patient data owned by different hospitals for various clinical applications, including medical image segmentation. However, a major problem of FL is its performance degradation when dealing with the data that are not independently and identically distributed (non-iid), which is often the case in medical images. In this paper, we first conduct a theoretical analysis on the FL algorithm to reveal the problem of model aggregation during training on non-iid data. With the insights gained through the analysis, we propose a simple and yet effective method, federated cross learning (FedCross), to tackle this challenging problem. Unlike the conventional FL methods that combine multiple individually trained local models on a server node, our FedCross sequentially trains the global model across different clients in a round-robin manner, and thus the entire training procedure does not involve any model aggregation steps. To further improve its performance to be comparable with the centralized learning method, we combine the FedCross with an ensemble learning mechanism to compose a federated cross ensemble learning (FedCrossEns) method. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments using a set of public datasets. The experimental results show that the proposed FedCross training strategy outperforms the mainstream FL methods on non-iid data. In addition to improving the segmentation performance, our FedCrossEns can further provide a quantitative estimation of the model uncertainty, demonstrating the effectiveness and clinical significance of our designs. Source code will be made publicly available after paper publication.      
### 73.Predicting and Explaining Mobile UI Tappability with Vision Modeling and Saliency Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02448.pdf)
>  We use a deep learning based approach to predict whether a selected element in a mobile UI screenshot will be perceived by users as tappable, based on pixels only instead of view hierarchies required by previous work. To help designers better understand model predictions and to provide more actionable design feedback than predictions alone, we additionally use ML interpretability techniques to help explain the output of our model. We use XRAI to highlight areas in the input screenshot that most strongly influence the tappability prediction for the selected region, and use k-Nearest Neighbors to present the most similar mobile UIs from the dataset with opposing influences on tappability perception.      
### 74.Detecting Cloud-Based Phishing Attacks by Combining Deep Learning Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02446.pdf)
>  Web-based phishing attacks nowadays exploit popular cloud web hosting services and apps such as Google Sites and Typeform for hosting their attacks. Since these attacks originate from reputable domains and IP addresses of the cloud services, traditional phishing detection methods such as IP reputation monitoring and blacklisting are not very effective. Here we investigate the effectiveness of deep learning models in detecting this class of cloud-based phishing attacks. Specifically, we evaluate deep learning models for three phishing detection methods--LSTM model for URL analysis, YOLOv2 model for logo analysis, and triplet network model for visual similarity analysis. We train the models using well-known datasets and test their performance on phishing attacks in the wild. Our results qualitatively explain why the models succeed or fail. Furthermore, our results highlight how combining results from the individual models can improve the effectiveness of detecting cloud-based phishing attacks.      
### 75.A deep learning framework for the detection and quantification of drusen and reticular pseudodrusen on optical coherence tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02406.pdf)
>  Purpose - To develop and validate a deep learning (DL) framework for the detection and quantification of drusen and reticular pseudodrusen (RPD) on optical coherence tomography scans. <br>Design - Development and validation of deep learning models for classification and feature segmentation. <br>Methods - A DL framework was developed consisting of a classification model and an out-of-distribution (OOD) detection model for the identification of ungradable scans; a classification model to identify scans with drusen or RPD; and an image segmentation model to independently segment lesions as RPD or drusen. Data were obtained from 1284 participants in the UK Biobank (UKBB) with a self-reported diagnosis of age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and 250 UKBB controls. Drusen and RPD were manually delineated by five retina specialists. The main outcome measures were sensitivity, specificity, area under the ROC curve (AUC), kappa, accuracy and intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC). <br>Results - The classification models performed strongly at their respective tasks (0.95, 0.93, and 0.99 AUC, respectively, for the ungradable scans classifier, the OOD model, and the drusen and RPD classification model). The mean ICC for drusen and RPD area vs. graders was 0.74 and 0.61, respectively, compared with 0.69 and 0.68 for intergrader agreement. FROC curves showed that the model's sensitivity was close to human performance. <br>Conclusions - The models achieved high classification and segmentation performance, similar to human performance. Application of this robust framework will further our understanding of RPD as a separate entity from drusen in both research and clinical settings.      
### 76.Zero-shot Blind Image Denoising via Implicit Neural Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02405.pdf)
>  Recent denoising algorithms based on the "blind-spot" strategy show impressive blind image denoising performances, without utilizing any external dataset. While the methods excel in recovering highly contaminated images, we observe that such algorithms are often less effective under a low-noise or real noise regime. To address this gap, we propose an alternative denoising strategy that leverages the architectural inductive bias of implicit neural representations (INRs), based on our two findings: (1) INR tends to fit the low-frequency clean image signal faster than the high-frequency noise, and (2) INR layers that are closer to the output play more critical roles in fitting higher-frequency parts. Building on these observations, we propose a denoising algorithm that maximizes the innate denoising capability of INRs by penalizing the growth of deeper layer weights. We show that our method outperforms existing zero-shot denoising methods under an extensive set of low-noise or real-noise scenarios.      
### 77.Hospital-Agnostic Image Representation Learning in Digital Pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02404.pdf)
>  Whole Slide Images (WSIs) in digital pathology are used to diagnose cancer subtypes. The difference in procedures to acquire WSIs at various trial sites gives rise to variability in the histopathology images, thus making consistent diagnosis challenging. These differences may stem from variability in image acquisition through multi-vendor scanners, variable acquisition parameters, and differences in staining procedure; as well, patient demographics may bias the glass slide batches before image acquisition. These variabilities are assumed to cause a domain shift in the images of different hospitals. It is crucial to overcome this domain shift because an ideal machine-learning model must be able to work on the diverse sources of images, independent of the acquisition center. A domain generalization technique is leveraged in this study to improve the generalization capability of a Deep Neural Network (DNN), to an unseen histopathology image set (i.e., from an unseen hospital/trial site) in the presence of domain shift. According to experimental results, the conventional supervised-learning regime generalizes poorly to data collected from different hospitals. However, the proposed hospital-agnostic learning can improve the generalization considering the low-dimensional latent space representation visualization, and classification accuracy results.      
### 78.Explainable Deep Learning Algorithm for Distinguishing Incomplete Kawasaki Disease by Coronary Artery Lesions on Echocardiographic Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02403.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: Incomplete Kawasaki disease (KD) has often been misdiagnosed due to a lack of the clinical manifestations of classic KD. However, it is associated with a markedly higher prevalence of coronary artery lesions. Identifying coronary artery lesions by echocardiography is important for the timely diagnosis of and favorable outcomes in KD. Moreover, similar to KD, coronavirus disease 2019, currently causing a worldwide pandemic, also manifests with fever; therefore, it is crucial at this moment that KD should be distinguished clearly among the febrile diseases in children. In this study, we aimed to validate a deep learning algorithm for classification of KD and other acute febrile diseases. <br>Methods: We obtained coronary artery images by echocardiography of children (n = 88 for KD; n = 65 for pneumonia). We trained six deep learning networks (VGG19, Xception, ResNet50, ResNext50, SE-ResNet50, and SE-ResNext50) using the collected data. <br>Results: SE-ResNext50 showed the best performance in terms of accuracy, specificity, and precision in the classification. SE-ResNext50 offered a precision of 76.35%, a sensitivity of 82.64%, and a specificity of 58.12%. <br>Conclusions: The results of our study suggested that deep learning algorithms have similar performance to an experienced cardiologist in detecting coronary artery lesions to facilitate the diagnosis of KD.      
### 79.Multi-Modal Hypergraph Diffusion Network with Dual Prior for Alzheimer Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02399.pdf)
>  The automatic early diagnosis of prodromal stages of Alzheimer's disease is of great relevance for patient treatment to improve quality of life. We address this problem as a multi-modal classification task. Multi-modal data provides richer and complementary information. However, existing techniques only consider either lower order relations between the data and single/multi-modal imaging data. In this work, we introduce a novel semi-supervised hypergraph learning framework for Alzheimer's disease diagnosis. Our framework allows for higher-order relations among multi-modal imaging and non-imaging data whilst requiring a tiny labelled set. Firstly, we introduce a dual embedding strategy for constructing a robust hypergraph that preserves the data semantics. We achieve this by enforcing perturbation invariance at the image and graph levels using a contrastive based mechanism. Secondly, we present a dynamically adjusted hypergraph diffusion model, via a semi-explicit flow, to improve the predictive uncertainty. We demonstrate, through our experiments, that our framework is able to outperform current techniques for Alzheimer's disease diagnosis.      
