# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 15 Apr 2022
### 1.A Level Set Theory for Neural Implicit Evolution under Explicit Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07159.pdf)
>  Coordinate-based neural networks parameterizing implicit surfaces have emerged as efficient representations of geometry. They effectively act as parametric level sets with the zero-level set defining the surface of interest. We present a framework that allows applying deformation operations defined for triangle meshes onto such implicit surfaces. Several of these operations can be viewed as energy-minimization problems that induce an instantaneous flow field on the explicit surface. Our method uses the flow field to deform parametric implicit surfaces by extending the classical theory of level sets. We also derive a consolidated view for existing methods on differentiable surface extraction and rendering, by formalizing connections to the level-set theory. We show that these methods drift from the theory and that our approach exhibits improvements for applications like surface smoothing, mean-curvature flow, inverse rendering and user-defined editing on implicit geometry.      
### 2.Joint Forecasting of Panoptic Segmentations with Difference Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07157.pdf)
>  Forecasting of a representation is important for safe and effective autonomy. For this, panoptic segmentations have been studied as a compelling representation in recent work. However, recent state-of-the-art on panoptic segmentation forecasting suffers from two issues: first, individual object instances are treated independently of each other; second, individual object instance forecasts are merged in a heuristic manner. To address both issues, we study a new panoptic segmentation forecasting model that jointly forecasts all object instances in a scene using a transformer model based on 'difference attention.' It further refines the predictions by taking depth estimates into account. We evaluate the proposed model on the Cityscapes and AIODrive datasets. We find difference attention to be particularly suitable for forecasting because the difference of quantities like locations enables a model to explicitly reason about velocities and acceleration. Because of this, we attain state-of-the-art on panoptic segmentation forecasting metrics.      
### 3.Any-resolution Training for High-resolution Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07156.pdf)
>  Generative models operate at fixed resolution, even though natural images come in a variety of sizes. As high-resolution details are downsampled away, and low-resolution images are discarded altogether, precious supervision is lost. We argue that every pixel matters and create datasets with variable-size images, collected at their native resolutions. Taking advantage of this data is challenging; high-resolution processing is costly, and current architectures can only process fixed-resolution data. We introduce continuous-scale training, a process that samples patches at random scales to train a new generator with variable output resolutions. First, conditioning the generator on a target scale allows us to generate higher resolutions images than previously possible, without adding layers to the model. Second, by conditioning on continuous coordinates, we can sample patches that still obey a consistent global layout, which also allows for scalable training at higher resolutions. Controlled FFHQ experiments show our method takes advantage of the multi-resolution training data better than discrete multi-scale approaches, achieving better FID scores and cleaner high-frequency details. We also train on other natural image domains including churches, mountains, and birds, and demonstrate arbitrary scale synthesis with both coherent global layouts and realistic local details, going beyond 2K resolution in our experiments. Our project page is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://chail.github.io/anyres-gan/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.MiniViT: Compressing Vision Transformers with Weight Multiplexing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07154.pdf)
>  Vision Transformer (ViT) models have recently drawn much attention in computer vision due to their high model capability. However, ViT models suffer from huge number of parameters, restricting their applicability on devices with limited memory. To alleviate this problem, we propose MiniViT, a new compression framework, which achieves parameter reduction in vision transformers while retaining the same performance. The central idea of MiniViT is to multiplex the weights of consecutive transformer blocks. More specifically, we make the weights shared across layers, while imposing a transformation on the weights to increase diversity. Weight distillation over self-attention is also applied to transfer knowledge from large-scale ViT models to weight-multiplexed compact models. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate the efficacy of MiniViT, showing that it can reduce the size of the pre-trained Swin-B transformer by 48\%, while achieving an increase of 1.0\% in Top-1 accuracy on ImageNet. Moreover, using a single-layer of parameters, MiniViT is able to compress DeiT-B by 9.7 times from 86M to 9M parameters, without seriously compromising the performance. Finally, we verify the transferability of MiniViT by reporting its performance on downstream benchmarks. Code and models are available at here.      
### 5.What's in your hands? 3D Reconstruction of Generic Objects in Hands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07153.pdf)
>  Our work aims to reconstruct hand-held objects given a single RGB image. In contrast to prior works that typically assume known 3D templates and reduce the problem to 3D pose estimation, our work reconstructs generic hand-held object without knowing their 3D templates. Our key insight is that hand articulation is highly predictive of the object shape, and we propose an approach that conditionally reconstructs the object based on the articulation and the visual input. Given an image depicting a hand-held object, we first use off-the-shelf systems to estimate the underlying hand pose and then infer the object shape in a normalized hand-centric coordinate frame. We parameterized the object by signed distance which are inferred by an implicit network which leverages the information from both visual feature and articulation-aware coordinates to process a query point. We perform experiments across three datasets and show that our method consistently outperforms baselines and is able to reconstruct a diverse set of objects. We analyze the benefits and robustness of explicit articulation conditioning and also show that this allows the hand pose estimation to further improve in test-time optimization.      
### 6.Deformable Sprites for Unsupervised Video Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07151.pdf)
>  We describe a method to extract persistent elements of a dynamic scene from an input video. We represent each scene element as a \emph{Deformable Sprite} consisting of three components: 1) a 2D texture image for the entire video, 2) per-frame masks for the element, and 3) non-rigid deformations that map the texture image into each video frame. The resulting decomposition allows for applications such as consistent video editing. Deformable Sprites are a type of video auto-encoder model that is optimized on individual videos, and does not require training on a large dataset, nor does it rely on pre-trained models. Moreover, our method does not require object masks or other user input, and discovers moving objects of a wider variety than previous work. We evaluate our approach on standard video datasets and show qualitative results on a diverse array of Internet videos. Code and video results can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://deformable-sprites.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 7.Neighborhood Attention Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07143.pdf)
>  We present Neighborhood Attention Transformer (NAT), an efficient, accurate and scalable hierarchical transformer that works well on both image classification and downstream vision tasks. It is built upon Neighborhood Attention (NA), a simple and flexible attention mechanism that localizes the receptive field for each query to its nearest neighboring pixels. NA is a localization of self-attention, and approaches it as the receptive field size increases. It is also equivalent in FLOPs and memory usage to Swin Transformer's shifted window attention given the same receptive field size, while being less constrained. Furthermore, NA includes local inductive biases, which eliminate the need for extra operations such as pixel shifts. Experimental results on NAT are competitive; NAT-Tiny reaches 83.2% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet with only 4.3 GFLOPs and 28M parameters, 51.4% mAP on MS-COCO and 48.4% mIoU on ADE20k. We will open-source our checkpoints, training script, configurations, and our CUDA kernel at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SHI-Labs/Neighborhood-Attention-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 8.GIFS: Neural Implicit Function for General Shape Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07126.pdf)
>  Recent development of neural implicit function has shown tremendous success on high-quality 3D shape reconstruction. However, most works divide the space into inside and outside of the shape, which limits their representing power to single-layer and watertight shapes. This limitation leads to tedious data processing (converting non-watertight raw data to watertight) as well as the incapability of representing general object shapes in the real world. In this work, we propose a novel method to represent general shapes including non-watertight shapes and shapes with multi-layer surfaces. We introduce General Implicit Function for 3D Shape (GIFS), which models the relationships between every two points instead of the relationships between points and surfaces. Instead of dividing 3D space into predefined inside-outside regions, GIFS encodes whether two points are separated by any surface. Experiments on ShapeNet show that GIFS outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods in terms of reconstruction quality, rendering efficiency, and visual fidelity. Project page is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://jianglongye.com/gifs" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 9.DeiT III: Revenge of the ViT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07118.pdf)
>  A Vision Transformer (ViT) is a simple neural architecture amenable to serve several computer vision tasks. It has limited built-in architectural priors, in contrast to more recent architectures that incorporate priors either about the input data or of specific tasks. Recent works show that ViTs benefit from self-supervised pre-training, in particular BerT-like pre-training like BeiT. In this paper, we revisit the supervised training of ViTs. Our procedure builds upon and simplifies a recipe introduced for training ResNet-50. It includes a new simple data-augmentation procedure with only 3 augmentations, closer to the practice in self-supervised learning. Our evaluations on Image classification (ImageNet-1k with and without pre-training on ImageNet-21k), transfer learning and semantic segmentation show that our procedure outperforms by a large margin previous fully supervised training recipes for ViT. It also reveals that the performance of our ViT trained with supervision is comparable to that of more recent architectures. Our results could serve as better baselines for recent self-supervised approaches demonstrated on ViT.      
### 10.Look Back and Forth: Video Super-Resolution with Explicit Temporal Difference Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07114.pdf)
>  Temporal modeling is crucial for video super-resolution. Most of the video super-resolution methods adopt the optical flow or deformable convolution for explicitly motion compensation. However, such temporal modeling techniques increase the model complexity and might fail in case of occlusion or complex motion, resulting in serious distortion and artifacts. In this paper, we propose to explore the role of explicit temporal difference modeling in both LR and HR space. Instead of directly feeding consecutive frames into a VSR model, we propose to compute the temporal difference between frames and divide those pixels into two subsets according to the level of difference. They are separately processed with two branches of different receptive fields in order to better extract complementary information. To further enhance the super-resolution result, not only spatial residual features are extracted, but the difference between consecutive frames in high-frequency domain is also computed. It allows the model to exploit intermediate SR results in both future and past to refine the current SR output. The difference at different time steps could be cached such that information from further distance in time could be propagated to the current frame for refinement. Experiments on several video super-resolution benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method and its favorable performance against state-of-the-art methods.      
### 11.Residual Swin Transformer Channel Attention Network for Image Demosaicing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07098.pdf)
>  Image demosaicing is problem of interpolating full- resolution color images from raw sensor (color filter array) data. During last decade, deep neural networks have been widely used in image restoration, and in particular, in demosaicing, attaining significant performance improvement. In recent years, vision transformers have been designed and successfully used in various computer vision applications. One of the recent methods of image restoration based on a Swin Transformer (ST), SwinIR, demonstrates state-of-the-art performance with a smaller number of parameters than neural network-based methods. Inspired by the success of SwinIR, we propose in this paper a novel Swin Transformer-based network for image demosaicing, called RSTCANet. To extract image features, RSTCANet stacks several residual Swin Transformer Channel Attention blocks (RSTCAB), introducing the channel attention for each two successive ST blocks. Extensive experiments demonstrate that RSTCANet out- performs state-of-the-art image demosaicing methods, and has a smaller number of parameters.      
### 12.Detection of Degraded Acacia tree species using deep neural networks on uav drone imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07096.pdf)
>  Deep-learning-based image classification and object detection has been applied successfully to tree monitoring. However, studies of tree crowns and fallen trees, especially on flood inundated areas, remain largely unexplored. Detection of degraded tree trunks on natural environments such as water, mudflats, and natural vegetated areas is challenging due to the mixed colour image backgrounds. In this paper, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs), or drones, with embedded RGB cameras were used to capture the fallen Acacia Xanthophloea trees from six designated plots around Lake Nakuru, Kenya. Motivated by the need to detect fallen trees around the lake, two well-established deep neural networks, i.e. Faster Region-based Convolution Neural Network (Faster R-CNN) and Retina-Net were used for fallen tree detection. A total of 7,590 annotations of three classes on 256 x 256 image patches were used for this study. Experimental results show the relevance of deep learning in this context, with Retina-Net model achieving 38.9% precision and 57.9% recall.      
### 13.Weakly Supervised Attended Object Detection Using Gaze Data as Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07090.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of detecting and recognizing the objects observed by visitors (i.e., attended objects) in cultural sites from egocentric vision. A standard approach to the problem involves detecting all objects and selecting the one which best overlaps with the gaze of the visitor, measured through a gaze tracker. Since labeling large amounts of data to train a standard object detector is expensive in terms of costs and time, we propose a weakly supervised version of the task which leans only on gaze data and a frame-level label indicating the class of the attended object. To study the problem, we present a new dataset composed of egocentric videos and gaze coordinates of subjects visiting a museum. We hence compare three different baselines for weakly supervised attended object detection on the collected data. Results show that the considered approaches achieve satisfactory performance in a weakly supervised manner, which allows for significant time savings with respect to a fully supervised detector based on Faster R-CNN. To encourage research on the topic, we publicly release the code and the dataset at the following url: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://iplab.dmi.unict.it/WS_OBJ_DET/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 14.SemiMultiPose: A Semi-supervised Multi-animal Pose Estimation Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07072.pdf)
>  Multi-animal pose estimation is essential for studying animals' social behaviors in neuroscience and neuroethology. Advanced approaches have been proposed to support multi-animal estimation and achieve state-of-the-art performance. However, these models rarely exploit unlabeled data during training even though real world applications have exponentially more unlabeled frames than labeled frames. Manually adding dense annotations for a large number of images or videos is costly and labor-intensive, especially for multiple instances. Given these deficiencies, we propose a novel semi-supervised architecture for multi-animal pose estimation, leveraging the abundant structures pervasive in unlabeled frames in behavior videos to enhance training, which is critical for sparsely-labeled problems. The resulting algorithm will provide superior multi-animal pose estimation results on three animal experiments compared to the state-of-the-art baseline and exhibits more predictive power in sparsely-labeled data regimes.      
### 15.Panoptic Segmentation using Synthetic and Real Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07069.pdf)
>  Being able to understand the relations between the user and the surrounding environment is instrumental to assist users in a worksite. For instance, understanding which objects a user is interacting with from images and video collected through a wearable device can be useful to inform the worker on the usage of specific objects in order to improve productivity and prevent accidents. Despite modern vision systems can rely on advanced algorithms for object detection, semantic and panoptic segmentation, these methods still require large quantities of domain-specific labeled data, which can be difficult to obtain in industrial scenarios. Motivated by this observation, we propose a pipeline which allows to generate synthetic images from 3D models of real environments and real objects. The generated images are automatically labeled and hence effortless to obtain. Exploiting the proposed pipeline, we generate a dataset comprising synthetic images automatically labeled for panoptic segmentation. This set is complemented by a small number of manually labeled real images for fine-tuning. Experiments show that the use of synthetic images allows to drastically reduce the number of real images needed to obtain reasonable panoptic segmentation performance.      
### 16.Egocentric Human-Object Interaction Detection Exploiting Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07061.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of detecting Egocentric HumanObject Interactions (EHOIs) in industrial contexts. Since collecting and labeling large amounts of real images is challenging, we propose a pipeline and a tool to generate photo-realistic synthetic First Person Vision (FPV) images automatically labeled for EHOI detection in a specific industrial scenario. To tackle the problem of EHOI detection, we propose a method that detects the hands, the objects in the scene, and determines which objects are currently involved in an interaction. We compare the performance of our method with a set of state-of-the-art baselines. Results show that using a synthetic dataset improves the performance of an EHOI detection system, especially when few real data are available. To encourage research on this topic, we publicly release the proposed dataset at the following url: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://iplab.dmi.unict.it/EHOI_SYNTH/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.CroCo: Cross-Modal Contrastive learning for localization of Earth Observation data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07052.pdf)
>  It is of interest to localize a ground-based LiDAR point cloud on remote sensing imagery. In this work, we tackle a subtask of this problem, i.e. to map a digital elevation model (DEM) rasterized from aerial LiDAR point cloud on the aerial imagery. We proposed a contrastive learning-based method that trains on DEM and high-resolution optical imagery and experiment the framework on different data sampling strategies and hyperparameters. In the best scenario, the Top-1 score of 0.71 and Top-5 score of 0.81 are obtained. The proposed method is promising for feature learning from RGB and DEM for localization and is potentially applicable to other data sources too. Source code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wtseng530/AVLocalization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.Activation Regression for Continuous Domain Generalization with Applications to Crop Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07030.pdf)
>  Geographic variance in satellite imagery impacts the ability of machine learning models to generalise to new regions. In this paper, we model geographic generalisation in medium resolution Landsat-8 satellite imagery as a continuous domain adaptation problem, demonstrating how models generalise better with appropriate domain knowledge. We develop a dataset spatially distributed across the entire continental United States, providing macroscopic insight into the effects of geography on crop classification in multi-spectral and temporally distributed satellite imagery. Our method demonstrates improved generalisability from 1) passing geographically correlated climate variables along with the satellite data to a Transformer model and 2) regressing on the model features to reconstruct these domain variables. Combined, we provide a novel perspective on geographic generalisation in satellite imagery and a simple-yet-effective approach to leverage domain knowledge. Code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/samar-khanna/cropmap" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 19.Q-TART: Quickly Training for Adversarial Robustness and in-Transferability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07024.pdf)
>  Raw deep neural network (DNN) performance is not enough; in real-world settings, computational load, training efficiency and adversarial security are just as or even more important. We propose to simultaneously tackle Performance, Efficiency, and Robustness, using our proposed algorithm Q-TART, Quickly Train for Adversarial Robustness and in-Transferability. Q-TART follows the intuition that samples highly susceptible to noise strongly affect the decision boundaries learned by DNNs, which in turn degrades their performance and adversarial susceptibility. By identifying and removing such samples, we demonstrate improved performance and adversarial robustness while using only a subset of the training data. Through our experiments we highlight Q-TART's high performance across multiple Dataset-DNN combinations, including ImageNet, and provide insights into the complementary behavior of Q-TART alongside existing adversarial training approaches to increase robustness by over 1.3% while using up to 17.9% less training time.      
### 20.Interpretability of Machine Learning Methods Applied to Neuroimaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07005.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods have become very popular for the processing of natural images, and were then successfully adapted to the neuroimaging field. As these methods are non-transparent, interpretability methods are needed to validate them and ensure their reliability. Indeed, it has been shown that deep learning models may obtain high performance even when using irrelevant features, by exploiting biases in the training set. Such undesirable situations can potentially be detected by using interpretability methods. Recently, many methods have been proposed to interpret neural networks. However, this domain is not mature yet. Machine learning users face two major issues when aiming to interpret their models: which method to choose, and how to assess its reliability? Here, we aim at providing answers to these questions by presenting the most common interpretability methods and metrics developed to assess their reliability, as well as their applications and benchmarks in the neuroimaging context. Note that this is not an exhaustive survey: we aimed to focus on the studies which we found to be the most representative and relevant.      
### 21.Atmospheric Turbulence Removal with Complex-Valued Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06989.pdf)
>  Atmospheric turbulence distorts visual imagery and is always problematic for information interpretation by both human and machine. Most well-developed approaches to remove atmospheric turbulence distortion are model-based. However, these methods require high computation and large memory preventing their feasibility of real-time operation. Deep learning-based approaches have hence gained more attention but currently work efficiently only on static scenes. This paper presents a novel learning-based framework offering short temporal spanning to support dynamic scenes. We exploit complex-valued convolutions as phase information, altered by atmospheric turbulence, is captured better than using ordinary real-valued convolutions. Two concatenated modules are proposed. The first module aims to remove geometric distortions and, if enough memory, the second module is applied to refine micro details of the videos. Experimental results show that our proposed framework efficiently mitigate the atmospheric turbulence distortion and significantly outperforms the existing methods.      
### 22.Cross-Image Relational Knowledge Distillation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06986.pdf)
>  Current Knowledge Distillation (KD) methods for semantic segmentation often guide the student to mimic the teacher's structured information generated from individual data samples. However, they ignore the global semantic relations among pixels across various images that are valuable for KD. This paper proposes a novel Cross-Image Relational KD (CIRKD), which focuses on transferring structured pixel-to-pixel and pixel-to-region relations among the whole images. The motivation is that a good teacher network could construct a well-structured feature space in terms of global pixel dependencies. CIRKD makes the student mimic better structured semantic relations from the teacher, thus improving the segmentation performance. Experimental results over Cityscapes, CamVid and Pascal VOC datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach against state-of-the-art distillation methods. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/winycg/CIRKD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.HyDe: The First Open-Source, Python-Based, GPU-Accelerated Hyperspectral Denoising Package  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06979.pdf)
>  As with any physical instrument, hyperspectral cameras induce different kinds of noise in the acquired data. Therefore, Hyperspectral denoising is a crucial step for analyzing hyperspectral images (HSIs). Conventional computational methods rarely use GPUs to improve efficiency and are not fully open-source. Alternatively, deep learning-based methods are often open-source and use GPUs, but their training and utilization for real-world applications remain non-trivial for many researchers. Consequently, we propose HyDe: the first open-source, GPU-accelerated Python-based, hyperspectral image denoising toolbox, which aims to provide a large set of methods with an easy-to-use environment. HyDe includes a variety of methods ranging from low-rank wavelet-based methods to deep neural network (DNN) models. HyDe's interface dramatically improves the interoperability of these methods and the performance of the underlying functions. In fact, these methods maintain similar HSI denoising performance to their original implementations while consuming nearly ten times less energy. Furthermore, we present a method for training DNNs for denoising HSIs which are not spatially related to the training dataset, i.e., training on ground-level HSIs for denoising HSIs with other perspectives including airborne, drone-borne, and space-borne. To utilize the trained DNNs, we show a sliding window method to effectively denoise HSIs which would otherwise require more than 40 GB. The package can be found at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Helmholtz-AI-Energy/HyDe" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 24.The multi-modal universe of fast-fashion: the Visuelle 2.0 benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06972.pdf)
>  We present Visuelle 2.0, the first dataset useful for facing diverse prediction problems that a fast-fashion company has to manage routinely. Furthermore, we demonstrate how the use of computer vision is substantial in this scenario. Visuelle 2.0 contains data for 6 seasons / 5355 clothing products of Nuna Lie, a famous Italian company with hundreds of shops located in different areas within the country. In particular, we focus on a specific prediction problem, namely short-observation new product sale forecasting (SO-fore). SO-fore assumes that the season has started and a set of new products is on the shelves of the different stores. The goal is to forecast the sales for a particular horizon, given a short, available past (few weeks), since no earlier statistics are available. To be successful, SO-fore approaches should capture this short past and exploit other modalities or exogenous data. To these aims, Visuelle 2.0 is equipped with disaggregated data at the item-shop level and multi-modal information for each clothing item, allowing computer vision approaches to come into play. The main message that we deliver is that the use of image data with deep networks boosts performances obtained when using the time series in long-term forecasting scenarios, ameliorating the WAPE by 8.2% and the MAE by 7.7%. The dataset is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://humaticslab.github.io/forecasting/visuelle" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Unsupervised Deep Learning Meets Chan-Vese Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06951.pdf)
>  The Chan-Vese (CV) model is a classic region-based method in image segmentation. However, its piecewise constant assumption does not always hold for practical applications. Many improvements have been proposed but the issue is still far from well solved. In this work, we propose an unsupervised image segmentation approach that integrates the CV model with deep neural networks, which significantly improves the original CV model's segmentation accuracy. Our basic idea is to apply a deep neural network that maps the image into a latent space to alleviate the violation of the piecewise constant assumption in image space. We formulate this idea under the classic Bayesian framework by approximating the likelihood with an evidence lower bound (ELBO) term while keeping the prior term in the CV model. Thus, our model only needs the input image itself and does not require pre-training from external datasets. Moreover, we extend the idea to multi-phase case and dataset based unsupervised image segmentation. Extensive experiments validate the effectiveness of our model and show that the proposed method is noticeably better than other unsupervised segmentation approaches.      
### 26.BEHAVE: Dataset and Method for Tracking Human Object Interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06950.pdf)
>  Modelling interactions between humans and objects in natural environments is central to many applications including gaming, virtual and mixed reality, as well as human behavior analysis and human-robot collaboration. This challenging operation scenario requires generalization to vast number of objects, scenes, and human actions. Unfortunately, there exist no such dataset. Moreover, this data needs to be acquired in diverse natural environments, which rules out 4D scanners and marker based capture systems. We present BEHAVE dataset, the first full body human- object interaction dataset with multi-view RGBD frames and corresponding 3D SMPL and object fits along with the annotated contacts between them. We record around 15k frames at 5 locations with 8 subjects performing a wide range of interactions with 20 common objects. We use this data to learn a model that can jointly track humans and objects in natural environments with an easy-to-use portable multi-camera setup. Our key insight is to predict correspondences from the human and the object to a statistical body model to obtain human-object contacts during interactions. Our approach can record and track not just the humans and objects but also their interactions, modeled as surface contacts, in 3D. Our code and data can be found at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://virtualhumans.mpi-inf.mpg.de/behave" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 27.SoccerNet-Tracking: Multiple Object Tracking Dataset and Benchmark in Soccer Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06918.pdf)
>  Tracking objects in soccer videos is extremely important to gather both player and team statistics, whether it is to estimate the total distance run, the ball possession or the team formation. Video processing can help automating the extraction of those information, without the need of any invasive sensor, hence applicable to any team on any stadium. Yet, the availability of datasets to train learnable models and benchmarks to evaluate methods on a common testbed is very limited. In this work, we propose a novel dataset for multiple object tracking composed of 200 sequences of 30s each, representative of challenging soccer scenarios, and a complete 45-minutes half-time for long-term tracking. The dataset is fully annotated with bounding boxes and tracklet IDs, enabling the training of MOT baselines in the soccer domain and a full benchmarking of those methods on our segregated challenge sets. Our analysis shows that multiple player, referee and ball tracking in soccer videos is far from being solved, with several improvement required in case of fast motion or in scenarios of severe occlusion.      
### 28.Spatial Likelihood Voting with Self-Knowledge Distillation for Weakly Supervised Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06899.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised object detection (WSOD), which is an effective way to train an object detection model using only image-level annotations, has attracted considerable attention from researchers. However, most of the existing methods, which are based on multiple instance learning (MIL), tend to localize instances to the discriminative parts of salient objects instead of the entire content of all objects. In this paper, we propose a WSOD framework called the Spatial Likelihood Voting with Self-knowledge Distillation Network (SLV-SD Net). In this framework, we introduce a spatial likelihood voting (SLV) module to converge region proposal localization without bounding box annotations. Specifically, in every iteration during training, all the region proposals in a given image act as voters voting for the likelihood of each category in the spatial dimensions. After dilating the alignment on the area with large likelihood values, the voting results are regularized as bounding boxes, which are then used for the final classification and localization. Based on SLV, we further propose a self-knowledge distillation (SD) module to refine the feature representations of the given image. The likelihood maps generated by the SLV module are used to supervise the feature learning of the backbone network, encouraging the network to attend to wider and more diverse areas of the image. Extensive experiments on the PASCAL VOC 2007/2012 and MS-COCO datasets demonstrate the excellent performance of SLV-SD Net. In addition, SLV-SD Net produces new state-of-the-art results on these benchmarks.      
### 29.Implicit Sample Extension for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06892.pdf)
>  Most existing unsupervised person re-identification (Re-ID) methods use clustering to generate pseudo labels for model training. Unfortunately, clustering sometimes mixes different true identities together or splits the same identity into two or more sub clusters. Training on these noisy clusters substantially hampers the Re-ID accuracy. Due to the limited samples in each identity, we suppose there may lack some underlying information to well reveal the accurate clusters. To discover these information, we propose an Implicit Sample Extension (\OurWholeMethod) method to generate what we call support samples around the cluster boundaries. Specifically, we generate support samples from actual samples and their neighbouring clusters in the embedding space through a progressive linear interpolation (PLI) strategy. PLI controls the generation with two critical factors, i.e., 1) the direction from the actual sample towards its K-nearest clusters and 2) the degree for mixing up the context information from the K-nearest clusters. Meanwhile, given the support samples, ISE further uses a label-preserving loss to pull them towards their corresponding actual samples, so as to compact each cluster. Consequently, ISE reduces the "sub and mixed" clustering errors, thus improving the Re-ID performance. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method is effective and achieves state-of-the-art performance for unsupervised person Re-ID. Code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleClas" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 30.Clothes-Changing Person Re-identification with RGB Modality Only  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06890.pdf)
>  The key to address clothes-changing person re-identification (re-id) is to extract clothes-irrelevant features, e.g., face, hairstyle, body shape, and gait. Most current works mainly focus on modeling body shape from multi-modality information (e.g., silhouettes and sketches), but do not make full use of the clothes-irrelevant information in the original RGB images. In this paper, we propose a Clothes-based Adversarial Loss (CAL) to mine clothes-irrelevant features from the original RGB images by penalizing the predictive power of re-id model w.r.t. clothes. Extensive experiments demonstrate that using RGB images only, CAL outperforms all state-of-the-art methods on widely-used clothes-changing person re-id benchmarks. Besides, compared with images, videos contain richer appearance and additional temporal information, which can be used to model proper spatiotemporal patterns to assist clothes-changing re-id. Since there is no publicly available clothes-changing video re-id dataset, we contribute a new dataset named CCVID and show that there exists much room for improvement in modeling spatiotemporal information. The code and new dataset are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/guxinqian/Simple-CCReID" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Human Identity-Preserved Motion Retargeting in Video Synthesis by Feature Disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06862.pdf)
>  Most motion retargeting methods in human action video synthesis decompose the input video to motion (dynamic information) and shape (static information). However, we observe if the dynamic information is directly transferred to another subject, it will result in unnatural synthesised motion. This phenomenon is mainly caused by neglecting subject-dependent information in motion. To solve the problem, we propose a novel motion retargeting method which can combine both subject-independent (common motion content) information from a source video and subject-dependent (individualized identity motion) information from a target video. So it can synthesize videos with a much natural appearance along with identity-preserved motion. In the proposed method two encoders are employed to extract identity and motion content representations respectively. We employ the adaptive instance normalization (AdaIN) layer in the generator and the instance normalization (IN) layer in the motion content encoder to synthesize the new motion. Besides, we also collected a dataset, named $Chuang101$, with 101 subjects in total. Each subject performs identical dancing movement, and so it is convenient for feature disentanglement among motion and identity of each subject. Furthermore, an efficient quantitative metric for identify information is designed by gait recognition. The experiments show the proposed method can synthesize videos more naturally when the subject's identity is preserved.      
### 32.Semi-Supervised Training to Improve Player and Ball Detection in Soccer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06859.pdf)
>  Accurate player and ball detection has become increasingly important in recent years for sport analytics. As most state-of-the-art methods rely on training deep learning networks in a supervised fashion, they require huge amounts of annotated data, which are rarely available. In this paper, we present a novel generic semi-supervised method to train a network based on a labeled image dataset by leveraging a large unlabeled dataset of soccer broadcast videos. More precisely, we design a teacher-student approach in which the teacher produces surrogate annotations on the unlabeled data to be used later for training a student which has the same architecture as the teacher. Furthermore, we introduce three training loss parametrizations that allow the student to doubt the predictions of the teacher during training depending on the proposal confidence score. We show that including unlabeled data in the training process allows to substantially improve the performances of the detection network trained only on the labeled data. Finally, we provide a thorough performance study including different proportions of labeled and unlabeled data, and establish the first benchmark on the new SoccerNet-v3 detection task, with an mAP of 52.3%. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rvandeghen/SST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 33.OmniPD: One-Step Person Detection in Top-View Omnidirectional Indoor Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06846.pdf)
>  We propose a one-step person detector for topview omnidirectional indoor scenes based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs). While state of the art person detectors reach competitive results on perspective images, missing CNN architectures as well as training data that follows the distortion of omnidirectional images makes current approaches not applicable to our data. The method predicts bounding boxes of multiple persons directly in omnidirectional images without perspective transformation, which reduces overhead of pre- and post-processing and enables real-time performance. The basic idea is to utilize transfer learning to fine-tune CNNs trained on perspective images with data augmentation techniques for detection in omnidirectional images. We fine-tune two variants of Single Shot MultiBox detectors (SSDs). The first one uses Mobilenet v1 FPN as feature extractor (moSSD). The second one uses ResNet50 v1 FPN (resSSD). Both models are pre-trained on Microsoft Common Objects in Context (COCO) dataset. We fine-tune both models on PASCAL VOC07 and VOC12 datasets, specifically on class person. Random 90-degree rotation and random vertical flipping are used for data augmentation in addition to the methods proposed by original SSD. We reach an average precision (AP) of 67.3 % with moSSD and 74.9 % with resSSD onthe evaluation dataset. To enhance the fine-tuning process, we add a subset of HDA Person dataset and a subset of PIROPOdatabase and reduce the number of perspective images to PASCAL VOC07. The AP rises to 83.2 % for moSSD and 86.3 % for resSSD, respectively. The average inference speed is 28 ms per image for moSSD and 38 ms per image for resSSD using Nvidia Quadro P6000. Our method is applicable to other CNN-based object detectors and can potentially generalize for detecting other objects in omnidirectional images.      
### 34.Modeling Indirect Illumination for Inverse Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06837.pdf)
>  Recent advances in implicit neural representations and differentiable rendering make it possible to simultaneously recover the geometry and materials of an object from multi-view RGB images captured under unknown static illumination. Despite the promising results achieved, indirect illumination is rarely modeled in previous methods, as it requires expensive recursive path tracing which makes the inverse rendering computationally intractable. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to efficiently recovering spatially-varying indirect illumination. The key insight is that indirect illumination can be conveniently derived from the neural radiance field learned from input images instead of being estimated jointly with direct illumination and materials. By properly modeling the indirect illumination and visibility of direct illumination, interreflection- and shadow-free albedo can be recovered. The experiments on both synthetic and real data demonstrate the superior performance of our approach compared to previous work and its capability to synthesize realistic renderings under novel viewpoints and illumination. Our code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zju3dv.github.io/invrender/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.Deep Vehicle Detection in Satellite Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06828.pdf)
>  This work presents a deep learning approach for vehicle detection in satellite video. Vehicle detection is perhaps impossible in single EO satellite images due to the tininess of vehicles (4-10 pixel) and their similarity to the background. Instead, we consider satellite video which overcomes the lack of spatial information by temporal consistency of vehicle movement. A new spatiotemporal model of a compact $3 \times 3$ convolutional, neural network is proposed which neglects pooling layers and uses leaky ReLUs. Then we use a reformulation of the output heatmap including Non-Maximum-Suppression (NMS) for the final segmentation. Empirical results on two new annotated satellite videos reconfirm the applicability of this approach for vehicle detection. They more importantly indicate that pre-training on WAMI data and then fine-tuning on few annotated video frames for a new video is sufficient. In our experiment only five annotated images yield a $F_1$ score of 0.81 on a new video showing more complex traffic patterns than the Las Vegas video. Our best result on Las Vegas is a $F_1$ score of 0.87 which makes the proposed approach a leading method for this benchmark.      
### 36.YOLO-Pose: Enhancing YOLO for Multi Person Pose Estimation Using Object Keypoint Similarity Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06806.pdf)
>  We introduce YOLO-pose, a novel heatmap-free approach for joint detection, and 2D multi-person pose estimation in an image based on the popular YOLO object detection framework. Existing heatmap based two-stage approaches are sub-optimal as they are not end-to-end trainable and training relies on a surrogate L1 loss that is not equivalent to maximizing the evaluation metric, i.e. Object Keypoint Similarity (OKS). Our framework allows us to train the model end-to-end and optimize the OKS metric itself. The proposed model learns to jointly detect bounding boxes for multiple persons and their corresponding 2D poses in a single forward pass and thus bringing in the best of both top-down and bottom-up approaches. Proposed approach doesn't require the postprocessing of bottom-up approaches to group detected keypoints into a skeleton as each bounding box has an associated pose, resulting in an inherent grouping of the keypoints. Unlike top-down approaches, multiple forward passes are done away with since all persons are localized along with their pose in a single inference. YOLO-pose achieves new state-of-the-art results on COCO validation (90.2% AP50) and test-dev set (90.3% AP50), surpassing all existing bottom-up approaches in a single forward pass without flip test, multi-scale testing, or any other test time augmentation. All experiments and results reported in this paper are without any test time augmentation, unlike traditional approaches that use flip-test and multi-scale testing to boost performance. Our training codes will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TexasInstruments/edgeai-yolov5" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TexasInstruments/edgeai-yolox" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 37.Pyramidal Attention for Saliency Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06788.pdf)
>  Salient object detection (SOD) extracts meaningful contents from an input image. RGB-based SOD methods lack the complementary depth clues; hence, providing limited performance for complex scenarios. Similarly, RGB-D models process RGB and depth inputs, but the depth data availability during testing may hinder the model's practical applicability. This paper exploits only RGB images, estimates depth from RGB, and leverages the intermediate depth features. We employ a pyramidal attention structure to extract multi-level convolutional-transformer features to process initial stage representations and further enhance the subsequent ones. At each stage, the backbone transformer model produces global receptive fields and computing in parallel to attain fine-grained global predictions refined by our residual convolutional attention decoder for optimal saliency prediction. We report significantly improved performance against 21 and 40 state-of-the-art SOD methods on eight RGB and RGB-D datasets, respectively. Consequently, we present a new SOD perspective of generating RGB-D SOD without acquiring depth data during training and testing and assist RGB methods with depth clues for improved performance. The code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tanveer-hussain/EfficientSOD2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 38.Explainable Analysis of Deep Learning Methods for SAR Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06783.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods exhibit outstanding performance in synthetic aperture radar (SAR) image interpretation tasks. However, these are black box models that limit the comprehension of their predictions. Therefore, to meet this challenge, we have utilized explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) methods for the SAR image classification task. Specifically, we trained state-of-the-art convolutional neural networks for each polarization format on OpenSARUrban dataset and then investigate eight explanation methods to analyze the predictions of the CNN classifiers of SAR images. These XAI methods are also evaluated qualitatively and quantitatively which shows that Occlusion achieves the most reliable interpretation performance in terms of Max-Sensitivity but with a low-resolution explanation heatmap. The explanation results provide some insights into the internal mechanism of black-box decisions for SAR image classification.      
### 39.3D Shuffle-Mixer: An Efficient Context-Aware Vision Learner of Transformer-MLP Paradigm for Dense Prediction in Medical Volume  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06779.pdf)
>  Dense prediction in medical volume provides enriched guidance for clinical analysis. CNN backbones have met bottleneck due to lack of long-range dependencies and global context modeling power. Recent works proposed to combine vision transformer with CNN, due to its strong global capture ability and learning capability. However, most works are limited to simply applying pure transformer with several fatal flaws (i.e., lack of inductive bias, heavy computation and little consideration for 3D data). Therefore, designing an elegant and efficient vision transformer learner for dense prediction in medical volume is promising and challenging. In this paper, we propose a novel 3D Shuffle-Mixer network of a new Local Vision Transformer-MLP paradigm for medical dense prediction. In our network, a local vision transformer block is utilized to shuffle and learn spatial context from full-view slices of rearranged volume, a residual axial-MLP is designed to mix and capture remaining volume context in a slice-aware manner, and a MLP view aggregator is employed to project the learned full-view rich context to the volume feature in a view-aware manner. Moreover, an Adaptive Scaled Enhanced Shortcut is proposed for local vision transformer to enhance feature along spatial and channel dimensions adaptively, and a CrossMerge is proposed to skip-connects the multi-scale feature appropriately in the pyramid architecture. Extensive experiments demonstrate the proposed model outperforms other state-of-the-art medical dense prediction methods.      
### 40.Visual-Inertial Odometry with Online Calibration of Velocity-Control Based Kinematic Motion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06776.pdf)
>  Visual-inertial odometry (VIO) is an important technology for autonomous robots with power and payload constraints. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for VIO with stereo cameras which integrates and calibrates the velocity-control based kinematic motion model of wheeled mobile robots online. Including such a motion model can help to improve the accuracy of VIO. Compared to several previous approaches proposed to integrate wheel odometer measurements for this purpose, our method does not require wheel encoders and can be applied when the robot motion can be modeled with velocity-control based kinematic motion model. We use radial basis function (RBF) kernels to compensate for the time delay and deviations between control commands and actual robot motion. The motion model is calibrated online by the VIO system and can be used as a forward model for motion control and planning. We evaluate our approach with data obtained in variously sized indoor environments, demonstrate improvements over a pure VIO method, and evaluate the prediction accuracy of the online calibrated model.      
### 41.ViTOL: Vision Transformer for Weakly Supervised Object Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06772.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised object localization (WSOL) aims at predicting object locations in an image using only image-level category labels. Common challenges that image classification models encounter when localizing objects are, (a) they tend to look at the most discriminative features in an image that confines the localization map to a very small region, (b) the localization maps are class agnostic, and the models highlight objects of multiple classes in the same image and, (c) the localization performance is affected by background noise. To alleviate the above challenges we introduce the following simple changes through our proposed method ViTOL. We leverage the vision-based transformer for self-attention and introduce a patch-based attention dropout layer (p-ADL) to increase the coverage of the localization map and a gradient attention rollout mechanism to generate class-dependent attention maps. We conduct extensive quantitative, qualitative and ablation experiments on the ImageNet-1K and CUB datasets. We achieve state-of-the-art MaxBoxAcc-V2 localization scores of 70.47% and 73.17% on the two datasets respectively. Code is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Saurav-31/ViTOL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 42.RecurSeed and CertainMix for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06754.pdf)
>  Although weakly supervised semantic segmentation using only image-level labels (WSSS-IL) is potentially useful, its low performance and implementation complexity still limit its application. The main causes are (a) non-detection and (b) false-detection phenomena: (a) The class activation maps refined from existing WSSS-IL methods still only represent partial regions for large-scale objects, and (b) for small-scale objects, over-activation causes them to deviate from the object edges. We propose RecurSeed which alternately reduces non- and false-detections through recursive iterations, thereby implicitly finding an optimal junction that minimizes both errors. To maximize the effectiveness of RecurSeed, we also propose a novel data augmentation (DA) approach called CertainMix, which virtually creates object masks and further expresses their edges in combining the segmentation results, thereby obtaining a new DA method effectively reflecting object existence reliability through the spatial information. We achieved new state-of-the-art performances on both the PASCAL VOC 2012 and MS COCO 2014 benchmarks (VOC val 72.4%, COCO val 45.0%). The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/OFRIN/RecurSeed_and_CertainMix" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Implicit Pseudo Supervision for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06747.pdf)
>  Pseudo-labelling is a popular technique in unsuper-vised domain adaptation for semantic segmentation. However, pseudo labels are noisy and inevitably have confirmation bias due to the discrepancy between source and target domains and training process. In this paper, we train the model by the pseudo labels which are implicitly produced by itself to learn new complementary knowledge about target domain. Specifically, we propose a tri-learning architecture, where every two branches produce the pseudo labels to train the third one. And we align the pseudo labels based on the similarity of the probability distributions for each two branches. To further implicitly utilize the pseudo labels, we maximize the distances of features for different classes and minimize the distances for the same classes by triplet loss. Extensive experiments on GTA5 to Cityscapes and SYNTHIA to Cityscapes tasks show that the proposed method has considerable improvements.      
### 44.Learning Convolutional Neural Networks in Frequency Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06718.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN) achieves impressive success in the field of computer vision during the past few decades. As the core of CNNs, image convolution operation helps CNNs to achieve good performance on image-related tasks. However, image convolution is hard to be implemented and parallelized. In this paper, we propose a novel neural network model, namely CEMNet, that can be trained in frequency domain. The most important motivation of this research is that we can use the very simple element-wise multiplication operation to replace the image convolution in frequency domain based on Cross-Correlation Theorem. We further introduce Weight Fixation Mechanism to alleviate over-fitting, and analyze the working behavior of Batch Normalization, Leaky ReLU and Dropout in frequency domain to design their counterparts for CEMNet. Also, to deal with complex inputs brought by DFT, we design two branch network structure for CEMNet. Experimental results imply that CEMNet works well in frequency domain, and achieve good performance on MNIST and CIFAR-10 databases. To our knowledge, CEMNet is the first model trained in Fourier Domain that achieves more than 70\% validation accuracy on CIFAR-10 database.      
### 45.HASA: Hybrid Architecture Search with Aggregation Strategy for Echinococcosis Classification and Ovary Segmentation in Ultrasound Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06697.pdf)
>  Different from handcrafted features, deep neural networks can automatically learn task-specific features from data. Due to this data-driven nature, they have achieved remarkable success in various areas. However, manual design and selection of suitable network architectures are time-consuming and require substantial effort of human experts. To address this problem, researchers have proposed neural architecture search (NAS) algorithms which can automatically generate network architectures but suffer from heavy computational cost and instability if searching from scratch. In this paper, we propose a hybrid NAS framework for ultrasound (US) image classification and segmentation. The hybrid framework consists of a pre-trained backbone and several searched cells (i.e., network building blocks), which takes advantage of the strengths of both NAS and the expert knowledge from existing convolutional neural networks. Specifically, two effective and lightweight operations, a mixed depth-wise convolution operator and a squeeze-and-excitation block, are introduced into the candidate operations to enhance the variety and capacity of the searched cells. These two operations not only decrease model parameters but also boost network performance. Moreover, we propose a re-aggregation strategy for the searched cells, aiming to further improve the performance for different vision tasks. We tested our method on two large US image datasets, including a 9-class echinococcosis dataset containing 9566 images for classification and an ovary dataset containing 3204 images for segmentation. Ablation experiments and comparison with other handcrafted or automatically searched architectures demonstrate that our method can generate more powerful and lightweight models for the above US image classification and segmentation tasks.      
### 46.MINSU (Mobile Inventory And Scanning Unit):Computer Vision and AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06681.pdf)
>  The MINSU(Mobile Inventory and Scanning Unit) algorithm uses the computational vision analysis method to record the residual quantity/fullness of the cabinet. To do so, it goes through a five-step method: object detection, foreground subtraction, K-means clustering, percentage estimation, and counting. The input image goes through the object detection method to analyze the specific position of the cabinets in terms of coordinates. After doing so, it goes through the foreground subtraction method to make the image more focus-able to the cabinet itself by removing the background (some manual work may have to be done such as selecting the parts that were not grab cut by the algorithm). In the K-means clustering method, the multi-colored image turns into a 3 colored monotonous image for quicker and more accurate analysis. At last, the image goes through percentage estimation and counting. In these two methods, the proportion that the material inside the cabinet is found in percentage which then is used to approximate the number of materials inside. Had this project been successful, the residual quantity management could solve the problem addressed earlier in the introduction.      
### 47.Geometric Understanding of Sketches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06675.pdf)
>  Sketching is used as a ubiquitous tool of expression by novices and experts alike. In this thesis I explore two methods that help a system provide a geometric machine-understanding of sketches, and in-turn help a user accomplish a downstream task. <br>The first work deals with interpretation of a 2D-line drawing as a graph structure, and also illustrates its effectiveness through its physical reconstruction by a robot. We setup a two-step pipeline to solve the problem. Formerly, we estimate the vertices of the graph with sub-pixel level accuracy. We achieve this using a combination of deep convolutional neural networks learned under a supervised setting for pixel-level estimation followed by the connected component analysis for clustering. Later we follow it up with a feedback-loop-based edge estimation method. To complement the graph-interpretation, we further perform data-interchange to a robot legible ASCII format, and thus teach a robot to replicate a line drawing. <br>In the second work, we test the 3D-geometric understanding of a sketch-based system without explicit access to the information about 3D-geometry. The objective is to complete a contour-like sketch of a 3D-object, with illumination and texture information. We propose a data-driven approach to learn a conditional distribution modelled as deep convolutional neural networks to be trained under an adversarial setting; and we validate it against a human-in-the-loop. The method itself is further supported by synthetic data generation using constructive solid geometry following a standard graphics pipeline. In order to validate the efficacy of our method, we design a user-interface plugged into a popular sketch-based workflow, and setup a simple task-based exercise, for an artist. Thereafter, we also discover that form-exploration is an additional utility of our application.      
### 48.A deep learning algorithm for reducing false positives in screening mammography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06671.pdf)
>  Screening mammography improves breast cancer outcomes by enabling early detection and treatment. However, false positive callbacks for additional imaging from screening exams cause unnecessary procedures, patient anxiety, and financial burden. This work demonstrates an AI algorithm that reduces false positives by identifying mammograms not suspicious for breast cancer. We trained the algorithm to determine the absence of cancer using 123,248 2D digital mammograms (6,161 cancers) and performed a retrospective study on 14,831 screening exams (1,026 cancers) from 15 US and 3 UK sites. Retrospective evaluation of the algorithm on the largest of the US sites (11,592 mammograms, 101 cancers) a) left the cancer detection rate unaffected (p=0.02, non-inferiority margin 0.25 cancers per 1000 exams), b) reduced callbacks for diagnostic exams by 31.1% compared to standard clinical readings, c) reduced benign needle biopsies by 7.4%, and d) reduced screening exams requiring radiologist interpretation by 41.6% in the simulated clinical workflow. This work lays the foundation for semi-autonomous breast cancer screening systems that could benefit patients and healthcare systems by reducing false positives, unnecessary procedures, patient anxiety, and expenses.      
### 49.A Novel Approach for Optimum-Path Forest Classification Using Fuzzy Logic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06635.pdf)
>  In the past decades, fuzzy logic has played an essential role in many research areas. Alongside, graph-based pattern recognition has shown to be of great importance due to its flexibility in partitioning the feature space using the background from graph theory. Some years ago, a new framework for both supervised, semi-supervised, and unsupervised learning named Optimum-Path Forest (OPF) was proposed with competitive results in several applications, besides comprising a low computational burden. In this paper, we propose the Fuzzy Optimum-Path Forest, an improved version of the standard OPF classifier that learns the samples' membership in an unsupervised fashion, which are further incorporated during supervised training. Such information is used to identify the most relevant training samples, thus improving the classification step. Experiments conducted over twelve public datasets highlight the robustness of the proposed approach, which behaves similarly to standard OPF in worst-case scenarios.      
### 50.Adaptive Memory Management for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06626.pdf)
>  Matching-based networks have achieved state-of-the-art performance for video object segmentation (VOS) tasks by storing every-k frames in an external memory bank for future inference. Storing the intermediate frames' predictions provides the network with richer cues for segmenting an object in the current frame. However, the size of the memory bank gradually increases with the length of the video, which slows down inference speed and makes it impractical to handle arbitrary length videos. <br>This paper proposes an adaptive memory bank strategy for matching-based networks for semi-supervised video object segmentation (VOS) that can handle videos of arbitrary length by discarding obsolete features. Features are indexed based on their importance in the segmentation of the objects in previous frames. Based on the index, we discard unimportant features to accommodate new features. We present our experiments on DAVIS 2016, DAVIS 2017, and Youtube-VOS that demonstrate that our method outperforms state-of-the-art that employ first-and-latest strategy with fixed-sized memory banks and achieves comparable performance to the every-k strategy with increasing-sized memory banks. Furthermore, experiments show that our method increases inference speed by up to 80% over the every-k and 35% over first-and-latest strategies.      
### 51.Towards Metrical Reconstruction of Human Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06607.pdf)
>  Face reconstruction and tracking is a building block of numerous applications in AR/VR, human-machine interaction, as well as medical applications. Most of these applications rely on a metrically correct prediction of the shape, especially, when the reconstructed subject is put into a metrical context (i.e., when there is a reference object of known size). A metrical reconstruction is also needed for any application that measures distances and dimensions of the subject (e.g., to virtually fit a glasses frame). State-of-the-art methods for face reconstruction from a single image are trained on large 2D image datasets in a self-supervised fashion. However, due to the nature of a perspective projection they are not able to reconstruct the actual face dimensions, and even predicting the average human face outperforms some of these methods in a metrical sense. To learn the actual shape of a face, we argue for a supervised training scheme. Since there exists no large-scale 3D dataset for this task, we annotated and unified small- and medium-scale databases. The resulting unified dataset is still a medium-scale dataset with more than 2k identities and training purely on it would lead to overfitting. To this end, we take advantage of a face recognition network pretrained on a large-scale 2D image dataset, which provides distinct features for different faces and is robust to expression, illumination, and camera changes. Using these features, we train our face shape estimator in a supervised fashion, inheriting the robustness and generalization of the face recognition network. Our method, which we call MICA (MetrIC fAce), outperforms the state-of-the-art reconstruction methods by a large margin, both on current non-metric benchmarks as well as on our metric benchmarks (15% and 24% lower average error on NoW, respectively).      
### 52.Deep Relation Learning for Regression and Its Application to Brain Age Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06598.pdf)
>  Most deep learning models for temporal regression directly output the estimation based on single input images, ignoring the relationships between different images. In this paper, we propose deep relation learning for regression, aiming to learn different relations between a pair of input images. Four non-linear relations are considered: "cumulative relation", "relative relation", "maximal relation" and "minimal relation". These four relations are learned simultaneously from one deep neural network which has two parts: feature extraction and relation regression. We use an efficient convolutional neural network to extract deep features from the pair of input images and apply a Transformer for relation learning. The proposed method is evaluated on a merged dataset with 6,049 subjects with ages of 0-97 years using 5-fold cross-validation for the task of brain age estimation. The experimental results have shown that the proposed method achieved a mean absolute error (MAE) of 2.38 years, which is lower than the MAEs of 8 other state-of-the-art algorithms with statistical significance (p$&lt;$0.05) in paired T-test (two-side).      
### 53.Illumination-Invariant Active Camera Relocalization for Fine-Grained Change Detection in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06580.pdf)
>  Active camera relocalization (ACR) is a new problem in computer vision that significantly reduces the false alarm caused by image distortions due to camera pose misalignment in fine-grained change detection (FGCD). Despite the fruitful achievements that ACR can support, it still remains a challenging problem caused by the unstable results of relative pose estimation, especially for outdoor scenes, where the lighting condition is out of control, i.e., the twice observations may have highly varied illuminations. This paper studies an illumination-invariant active camera relocalization method, it improves both in relative pose estimation and scale estimation. We use plane segments as an intermediate representation to facilitate feature matching, thus further boosting pose estimation robustness and reliability under lighting variances. Moreover, we construct a linear system to obtain the absolute scale in each ACR iteration by minimizing the image warping error, thus, significantly reduce the time consume of ACR process, it is nearly $1.6$ times faster than the state-of-the-art ACR strategy. Our work greatly expands the feasibility of real-world fine-grained change monitoring tasks for cultural heritages. Extensive experiments tests and real-world applications verify the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed pose estimation method using for ACR tasks.      
### 54.OccAM's Laser: Occlusion-based Attribution Maps for 3D Object Detectors on LiDAR Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06577.pdf)
>  While 3D object detection in LiDAR point clouds is well-established in academia and industry, the explainability of these models is a largely unexplored field. In this paper, we propose a method to generate attribution maps for the detected objects in order to better understand the behavior of such models. These maps indicate the importance of each 3D point in predicting the specific objects. Our method works with black-box models: We do not require any prior knowledge of the architecture nor access to the model's internals, like parameters, activations or gradients. Our efficient perturbation-based approach empirically estimates the importance of each point by testing the model with randomly generated subsets of the input point cloud. Our sub-sampling strategy takes into account the special characteristics of LiDAR data, such as the depth-dependent point density. We show a detailed evaluation of the attribution maps and demonstrate that they are interpretable and highly informative. Furthermore, we compare the attribution maps of recent 3D object detection architectures to provide insights into their decision-making processes.      
### 55.Character-focused Video Thumbnail Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06563.pdf)
>  We explore retrieving character-focused video frames as candidates for being video thumbnails. To evaluate each frame of the video based on the character(s) present in it, characters (faces) are evaluated in two aspects: Facial-expression: We train a CNN model to measure whether a face has an acceptable facial expression for being in a video thumbnail. This model is trained to distinguish faces extracted from artworks/thumbnails, from faces extracted from random frames of videos. Prominence and interactions: Character(s) in the thumbnail should be important character(s) in the video, to prevent the algorithm from suggesting non-representative frames as candidates. We use face clustering to identify the characters in the video, and form a graph in which the prominence (frequency of appearance) of the character(s), and their interactions (co-occurrence) are captured. We use this graph to infer the relevance of the characters present in each candidate frame. Once every face is scored based on the two criteria above, we infer frame level scores by combining the scores for all the faces within a frame.      
### 56.Estimating Structural Disparities for Face Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06562.pdf)
>  In machine learning, disparity metrics are often defined by measuring the difference in the performance or outcome of a model, across different sub-populations (groups) of datapoints. Thus, the inputs to disparity quantification consist of a model's predictions $\hat{y}$, the ground-truth labels for the predictions $y$, and group labels $g$ for the data points. Performance of the model for each group is calculated by comparing $\hat{y}$ and $y$ for the datapoints within a specific group, and as a result, disparity of performance across the different groups can be calculated. In many real world scenarios however, group labels ($g$) may not be available at scale during training and validation time, or collecting them might not be feasible or desirable as they could often be sensitive information. As a result, evaluating disparity metrics across categorical groups would not be feasible. On the other hand, in many scenarios noisy groupings may be obtainable using some form of a proxy, which would allow measuring disparity metrics across sub-populations. Here we explore performing such analysis on computer vision models trained on human faces, and on tasks such as face attribute prediction and affect estimation. Our experiments indicate that embeddings resulting from an off-the-shelf face recognition model, could meaningfully serve as a proxy for such estimation.      
### 57.Masked Siamese Networks for Label-Efficient Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07141.pdf)
>  We propose Masked Siamese Networks (MSN), a self-supervised learning framework for learning image representations. Our approach matches the representation of an image view containing randomly masked patches to the representation of the original unmasked image. This self-supervised pre-training strategy is particularly scalable when applied to Vision Transformers since only the unmasked patches are processed by the network. As a result, MSNs improve the scalability of joint-embedding architectures, while producing representations of a high semantic level that perform competitively on low-shot image classification. For instance, on ImageNet-1K, with only 5,000 annotated images, our base MSN model achieves 72.4% top-1 accuracy, and with 1% of ImageNet-1K labels, we achieve 75.7% top-1 accuracy, setting a new state-of-the-art for self-supervised learning on this benchmark. Our code is publicly available.      
### 58.End-to-end Learning for Joint Depth and Image Reconstruction from Diffracted Rotation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07076.pdf)
>  Monocular depth estimation is still an open challenge due to the ill-posed nature of the problem at hand. Deep learning based techniques have been extensively studied and proved capable of producing acceptable depth estimation accuracy even if the lack of meaningful and robust depth cues within single RGB input images severally limits their performance. Coded aperture-based methods using phase and amplitude masks encode strong depth cues within 2D images by means of depth-dependent Point Spread Functions (PSFs) at the price of a reduced image quality. In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end learning approach for depth from diffracted rotation. A phase mask that produces a Rotating Point Spread Function (RPSF) as a function of defocus is jointly optimized with the weights of a depth estimation neural network. To this aim, we introduce a differentiable physical model of the aperture mask and exploit an accurate simulation of the camera imaging pipeline. Our approach requires a significantly less complex model and less training data, yet it is superior to existing methods in the task of monocular depth estimation on indoor benchmarks. In addition, we address the problem of image degradation by incorporating a non-blind and non-uniform image deblurring module to recover the sharp all-in-focus image from its RPSF-blurred counterpart.      
### 59.Sim-to-Real 6D Object Pose Estimation via Iterative Self-training for Robotic Bin-picking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07049.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an iterative self-training framework for sim-to-real 6D object pose estimation to facilitate cost-effective robotic grasping. Given a bin-picking scenario, we establish a photo-realistic simulator to synthesize abundant virtual data, and use this to train an initial pose estimation network. This network then takes the role of a teacher model, which generates pose predictions for unlabeled real data. With these predictions, we further design a comprehensive adaptive selection scheme to distinguish reliable results, and leverage them as pseudo labels to update a student model for pose estimation on real data. To continuously improve the quality of pseudo labels, we iterate the above steps by taking the trained student model as a new teacher and re-label real data using the refined teacher model. We evaluate our method on a public benchmark and our newly-released dataset, achieving an ADD(-S) improvement of 11.49% and 22.62% respectively. Our method is also able to improve robotic bin-picking success by 19.54%, demonstrating the potential of iterative sim-to-real solutions for robotic applications.      
### 60.Autonomous Satellite Detection and Tracking using Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07025.pdf)
>  In this paper, an autonomous method of satellite detection and tracking in images is implemented using optical flow. Optical flow is used to estimate the image velocities of detected objects in a series of space images. Given that most objects in an image will be stars, the overall image velocity from star motion is used to estimate the image's frame-to-frame motion. Objects seen to be moving with velocity profiles distinct from the overall image velocity are then classified as potential resident space objects. The detection algorithm is exercised using both simulated star images and ground-based imagery of satellites. Finally, this algorithm will be tested and compared using a commercial and an open-source software approach to provide the reader with two different options based on their need.      
### 61.From Environmental Sound Representation to Robustness of 2D CNN Models Against Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07018.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the impact of different standard environmental sound representations (spectrograms) on the recognition performance and adversarial attack robustness of a victim residual convolutional neural network, namely ResNet-18. Our main motivation for focusing on such a front-end classifier rather than other complex architectures is balancing recognition accuracy and the total number of training parameters. Herein, we measure the impact of different settings required for generating more informative Mel-frequency cepstral coefficient (MFCC), short-time Fourier transform (STFT), and discrete wavelet transform (DWT) representations on our front-end model. This measurement involves comparing the classification performance over the adversarial robustness. We demonstrate an inverse relationship between recognition accuracy and model robustness against six benchmarking attack algorithms on the balance of average budgets allocated by the adversary and the attack cost. Moreover, our experimental results have shown that while the ResNet-18 model trained on DWT spectrograms achieves a high recognition accuracy, attacking this model is relatively more costly for the adversary than other 2D representations. We also report some results on different convolutional neural network architectures such as ResNet-34, ResNet-56, AlexNet, and GoogLeNet, SB-CNN, and LSTM-based.      
### 62.Medical Application of Geometric Deep Learning for the Diagnosis of Glaucoma  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07004.pdf)
>  Purpose: (1) To assess the performance of geometric deep learning (PointNet) in diagnosing glaucoma from a single optical coherence tomography (OCT) 3D scan of the optic nerve head (ONH); (2) To compare its performance to that obtained with a standard 3D convolutional neural network (CNN), and with a gold-standard glaucoma parameter, i.e. retinal nerve fiber layer (RNFL) thickness. <br>Methods: 3D raster scans of the ONH were acquired with Spectralis OCT for 477 glaucoma and 2,296 non-glaucoma subjects at the Singapore National Eye Centre. All volumes were automatically segmented using deep learning to identify 7 major neural and connective tissues including the RNFL, the prelamina, and the lamina cribrosa (LC). Each ONH was then represented as a 3D point cloud with 1,000 points chosen randomly from all tissue boundaries. To simplify the problem, all ONH point clouds were aligned with respect to the plane and center of Bruch's membrane opening. Geometric deep learning (PointNet) was then used to provide a glaucoma diagnosis from a single OCT point cloud. The performance of our approach was compared to that obtained with a 3D CNN, and with RNFL thickness. <br>Results: PointNet was able to provide a robust glaucoma diagnosis solely from the ONH represented as a 3D point cloud (AUC=95%). The performance of PointNet was superior to that obtained with a standard 3D CNN (AUC=87%) and with that obtained from RNFL thickness alone (AUC=80%). <br>Discussion: We provide a proof-of-principle for the application of geometric deep learning in the field of glaucoma. Our technique requires significantly less information as input to perform better than a 3D CNN, and with an AUC superior to that obtained from RNFL thickness alone. Geometric deep learning may have wide applicability in the field of Ophthalmology.      
### 63.LEFM-Nets: Learnable Explicit Feature Map Deep Networks for Segmentation of Histopathological Images of Frozen Sections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06955.pdf)
>  Accurate segmentation of medical images is essential for diagnosis and treatment of diseases. These problems are solved by highly complex models, such as deep networks (DN), requiring a large amount of labeled data for training. Thereby, many DNs possess task- or imaging modality specific architectures with a decision-making process that is often hard to explain and interpret. Here, we propose a framework that embeds existing DNs into a low-dimensional subspace induced by the learnable explicit feature map (LEFM) layer. Compared to the existing DN, the framework adds one hyperparameter and only modestly increase the number of learnable parameters. The method is aimed at, but not limited to, segmentation of low-dimensional medical images, such as color histopathological images of stained frozen sections. Since features in the LEFM layer are polynomial functions of the original features, proposed LEFM-Nets contribute to the interpretability of network decisions. In this work, we combined LEFM with the known networks: DeepLabv3+, UNet, UNet++ and MA-net. New LEFM-Nets are applied to the segmentation of adenocarcinoma of a colon in a liver from images of hematoxylin and eosin (H&amp;E) stained frozen sections. LEFM-Nets are also tested on nuclei segmentation from images of H&amp;E stained frozen sections of ten human organs. On the first problem, LEFM-Nets achieved statistically significant performance improvement in terms of micro balanced accuracy and $F_1$ score than original networks. LEFM-Nets achieved only better performance in comparison with the original networks on the second problem. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dsitnik/lefm" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 64.Geometric Deep Learning to Identify the Critical 3D Structural Features of the Optic Nerve Head for Glaucoma Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06931.pdf)
>  Purpose: The optic nerve head (ONH) undergoes complex and deep 3D morphological changes during the development and progression of glaucoma. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is the current gold standard to visualize and quantify these changes, however the resulting 3D deep-tissue information has not yet been fully exploited for the diagnosis and prognosis of glaucoma. To this end, we aimed: (1) To compare the performance of two relatively recent geometric deep learning techniques in diagnosing glaucoma from a single OCT scan of the ONH; and (2) To identify the 3D structural features of the ONH that are critical for the diagnosis of glaucoma. <br>Methods: In this study, we included a total of 2,247 non-glaucoma and 2,259 glaucoma scans from 1,725 subjects. All subjects had their ONHs imaged in 3D with Spectralis OCT. All OCT scans were automatically segmented using deep learning to identify major neural and connective tissues. Each ONH was then represented as a 3D point cloud. We used PointNet and dynamic graph convolutional neural network (DGCNN) to diagnose glaucoma from such 3D ONH point clouds and to identify the critical 3D structural features of the ONH for glaucoma diagnosis. <br>Results: Both the DGCNN (AUC: 0.97$\pm$0.01) and PointNet (AUC: 0.95$\pm$0.02) were able to accurately detect glaucoma from 3D ONH point clouds. The critical points formed an hourglass pattern with most of them located in the inferior and superior quadrant of the ONH. <br>Discussion: The diagnostic accuracy of both geometric deep learning approaches was excellent. Moreover, we were able to identify the critical 3D structural features of the ONH for glaucoma diagnosis that tremendously improved the transparency and interpretability of our method. Consequently, our approach may have strong potential to be used in clinical applications for the diagnosis and prognosis of a wide range of ophthalmic disorders.      
### 65.Sketch guided and progressive growing GAN for realistic and editable ultrasound image synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06929.pdf)
>  Ultrasound (US) imaging is widely used for anatomical structure inspection in clinical diagnosis. The training of new sonographers and deep learning based algorithms for US image analysis usually requires a large amount of data. However, obtaining and labeling large-scale US imaging data are not easy tasks, especially for diseases with low incidence. Realistic US image synthesis can alleviate this problem to a great extent. In this paper, we propose a generative adversarial network (GAN) based image synthesis framework. Our main contributions include: 1) we present the first work that can synthesize realistic B-mode US images with high-resolution and customized texture editing features; 2) to enhance structural details of generated images, we propose to introduce auxiliary sketch guidance into a conditional GAN. We superpose the edge sketch onto the object mask and use the composite mask as the network input; 3) to generate high-resolution US images, we adopt a progressive training strategy to gradually generate high-resolution images from low-resolution images. In addition, a feature loss is proposed to minimize the difference of high-level features between the generated and real images, which further improves the quality of generated images; 4) the proposed US image synthesis method is quite universal and can also be generalized to the US images of other anatomical structures besides the three ones tested in our study (lung, hip joint, and ovary); 5) extensive experiments on three large US image datasets are conducted to validate our method. Ablation studies, customized texture editing, user studies, and segmentation tests demonstrate promising results of our method in synthesizing realistic US images.      
### 66.Ensuring accurate stain reproduction in deep generative networks for virtual immunohistochemistry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06849.pdf)
>  Immunohistochemistry is a valuable diagnostic tool for cancer pathology. However, it requires specialist labs and equipment, is time-intensive, and is difficult to reproduce. Consequently, a long term aim is to provide a digital method of recreating physical immunohistochemical stains. Generative Adversarial Networks have become exceedingly advanced at mapping one image type to another and have shown promise at inferring immunostains from haematoxylin and eosin. However, they have a substantial weakness when used with pathology images as they can fabricate structures that are not present in the original data. CycleGANs can mitigate invented tissue structures in pathology image mapping but have a related disposition to generate areas of inaccurate staining. In this paper, we describe a modification to the loss function of a CycleGAN to improve its mapping ability for pathology images by enforcing realistic stain replication while retaining tissue structure. Our approach improves upon others by considering structure and staining during model training. We evaluated our network using the Frchet Inception distance, coupled with a new technique that we propose to appraise the accuracy of virtual immunohistochemistry. This assesses the overlap between each stain component in the inferred and ground truth images through colour deconvolution, thresholding and the Sorensen-Dice coefficient. Our modified loss function resulted in a Dice coefficient for the virtual stain of 0.78 compared with the real AE1/AE3 slide. This was superior to the unaltered CycleGAN's score of 0.74. Additionally, our loss function improved the Frchet Inception distance for the reconstruction to 74.54 from 76.47. We, therefore, describe an advance in virtual restaining that can extend to other immunostains and tumour types and deliver reproducible, fast and readily accessible immunohistochemistry worldwide.      
### 67.Interpretable Vertebral Fracture Quantification via Anchor-Free Landmarks Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06818.pdf)
>  Vertebral body compression fractures are early signs of osteoporosis. Though these fractures are visible on Computed Tomography (CT) images, they are frequently missed by radiologists in clinical settings. Prior research on automatic methods of vertebral fracture classification proves its reliable quality; however, existing methods provide hard-to-interpret outputs and sometimes fail to process cases with severe abnormalities such as highly pathological vertebrae or scoliosis. We propose a new two-step algorithm to localize the vertebral column in 3D CT images and then detect individual vertebrae and quantify fractures in 2D simultaneously. We train neural networks for both steps using a simple 6-keypoints based annotation scheme, which corresponds precisely to the current clinical recommendation. Our algorithm has no exclusion criteria, processes 3D CT in 2 seconds on a single GPU, and provides an interpretable and verifiable output. The method approaches expert-level performance and demonstrates state-of-the-art results in vertebrae 3D localization (the average error is 1 mm), vertebrae 2D detection (precision and recall are 0.99), and fracture identification (ROC AUC at the patient level is up to 0.96). Our anchor-free vertebra detection network shows excellent generalizability on a new domain by achieving ROC AUC 0.95, sensitivity 0.85, specificity 0.9 on a challenging VerSe dataset with many unseen vertebra types.      
### 68.High-performance Evolutionary Algorithms for Online Neuron Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06765.pdf)
>  Recently, optimization has become an emerging tool for neuroscientists to study neural code. In the visual system, neurons respond to images with graded and noisy responses. Image patterns eliciting highest responses are diagnostic of the coding content of the neuron. To find these patterns, we have used black-box optimizers to search a 4096d image space, leading to the evolution of images that maximize neuronal responses. Although genetic algorithm (GA) has been commonly used, there haven't been any systematic investigations to reveal the best performing optimizer or the underlying principles necessary to improve them. <br>Here, we conducted a large scale in silico benchmark of optimizers for activation maximization and found that Covariance Matrix Adaptation (CMA) excelled in its achieved activation. We compared CMA against GA and found that CMA surpassed the maximal activation of GA by 66% in silico and 44% in vivo. We analyzed the structure of Evolution trajectories and found that the key to success was not covariance matrix adaptation, but local search towards informative dimensions and an effective step size decay. Guided by these principles and the geometry of the image manifold, we developed SphereCMA optimizer which competed well against CMA, proving the validity of the identified principles. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Animadversio/ActMax-Optimizer-Dev" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 69.Information fusion approach for biomass estimation in a plateau mountainous forest using a synergistic system comprising UAS-based digital camera and LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06746.pdf)
>  Forest land plays a vital role in global climate, ecosystems, farming and human living environments. Therefore, forest biomass estimation methods are necessary to monitor changes in the forest structure and function, which are key data in natural resources research. Although accurate forest biomass measurements are important in forest inventory and assessments, high-density measurements that involve airborne light detection and ranging (LiDAR) at a low flight height in large mountainous areas are highly expensive. The objective of this study was to quantify the aboveground biomass (AGB) of a plateau mountainous forest reserve using a system that synergistically combines an unmanned aircraft system (UAS)-based digital aerial camera and LiDAR to leverage their complementary advantages. In this study, we utilized digital aerial photogrammetry (DAP), which has the unique advantages of speed, high spatial resolution, and low cost, to compensate for the deficiency of forestry inventory using UAS-based LiDAR that requires terrain-following flight for high-resolution data acquisition. Combined with the sparse LiDAR points acquired by using a high-altitude and high-speed UAS for terrain extraction, dense normalized DAP point clouds can be obtained to produce an accurate and high-resolution canopy height model (CHM). Based on the CHM and spectral attributes obtained from multispectral images, we estimated and mapped the AGB of the region of interest with considerable cost efficiency. Our study supports the development of predictive models for large-scale wall-to-wall AGB mapping by leveraging the complementarity between DAP and LiDAR measurements. This work also reveals the potential of utilizing a UAS-based digital camera and LiDAR synergistically in a plateau mountainous forest area.      
### 70.Wassmap: Wasserstein Isometric Mapping for Image Manifold Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.06645.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose Wasserstein Isometric Mapping (Wassmap), a parameter-free nonlinear dimensionality reduction technique that provides solutions to some drawbacks in existing global nonlinear dimensionality reduction algorithms in imaging applications. Wassmap represents images via probability measures in Wasserstein space, then uses pairwise quadratic Wasserstein distances between the associated measures to produce a low-dimensional, approximately isometric embedding. We show that the algorithm is able to exactly recover parameters of some image manifolds including those generated by translations or dilations of a fixed generating measure. Additionally, we show that a discrete version of the algorithm retrieves parameters from manifolds generated from discrete measures by providing a theoretical bridge to transfer recovery results from functional data to discrete data. Testing of the proposed algorithms on various image data manifolds show that Wassmap yields good embeddings compared with other global techniques.      
