# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 6 Apr 2022
### 1.SALISA: Saliency-based Input Sampling for Efficient Video Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02397.pdf)
>  High-resolution images are widely adopted for high-performance object detection in videos. However, processing high-resolution inputs comes with high computation costs, and naive down-sampling of the input to reduce the computation costs quickly degrades the detection performance. In this paper, we propose SALISA, a novel non-uniform SALiency-based Input SAmpling technique for video object detection that allows for heavy down-sampling of unimportant background regions while preserving the fine-grained details of a high-resolution image. The resulting image is spatially smaller, leading to reduced computational costs while enabling a performance comparable to a high-resolution input. To achieve this, we propose a differentiable resampling module based on a thin plate spline spatial transformer network (TPS-STN). This module is regularized by a novel loss to provide an explicit supervision signal to learn to "magnify" salient regions. We report state-of-the-art results in the low compute regime on the ImageNet-VID and UA-DETRAC video object detection datasets. We demonstrate that on both datasets, the mAP of an EfficientDet-D1 (EfficientDet-D2) gets on par with EfficientDet-D2 (EfficientDet-D3) at a much lower computational cost. We also show that SALISA significantly improves the detection of small objects. In particular, SALISA with an EfficientDet-D1 detector improves the detection of small objects by $77\%$, and remarkably also outperforms EfficientDetD3 baseline.      
### 2.SE(3)-Equivariant Attention Networks for Shape Reconstruction in Function Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02394.pdf)
>  We propose the first SE(3)-equivariant coordinate-based network for learning occupancy fields from point clouds. In contrast to previous shape reconstruction methods that align the input to a regular grid, we operate directly on the irregular, unoriented point cloud. We leverage attention mechanisms in order to preserve the set structure (permutation equivariance and variable length) of the input. At the same time, attention layers enable local shape modelling, a crucial property for scalability to large scenes. In contrast to architectures that create a global signature for the shape, we operate on local tokens. Given an unoriented, sparse, noisy point cloud as input, we produce equivariant features for each point. These serve as keys and values for the subsequent equivariant cross-attention blocks that parametrize the occupancy field. By querying an arbitrary point in space, we predict its occupancy score. We show that our method outperforms previous SO(3)-equivariant methods, as well as non-equivariant methods trained on SO(3)-augmented datasets. More importantly, local modelling together with SE(3)-equivariance create an ideal setting for SE(3) scene reconstruction. We show that by training only on single objects and without any pre-segmentation, we can reconstruct a novel scene with single-object performance.      
### 3.Action-Conditioned Contrastive Policy Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02393.pdf)
>  Deep visuomotor policy learning achieves promising results in control tasks such as robotic manipulation and autonomous driving, where the action is generated from the visual input by the neural policy. However, it requires a huge number of online interactions with the training environment, which limits its real-world application. Compared to the popular unsupervised feature learning for visual recognition, feature pretraining for visuomotor control tasks is much less explored. In this work, we aim to pretrain policy representations for driving tasks using hours-long uncurated YouTube videos. A new contrastive policy pretraining method is developed to learn action-conditioned features from video frames with action pseudo labels. Experiments show that the resulting action-conditioned features bring substantial improvements to the downstream reinforcement learning and imitation learning tasks, outperforming the weights pretrained from previous unsupervised learning methods. Code and models will be made publicly available.      
### 4.ObjectFolder 2.0: A Multisensory Object Dataset for Sim2Real Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02389.pdf)
>  Objects play a crucial role in our everyday activities. Though multisensory object-centric learning has shown great potential lately, the modeling of objects in prior work is rather unrealistic. ObjectFolder 1.0 is a recent dataset that introduces 100 virtualized objects with visual, acoustic, and tactile sensory data. However, the dataset is small in scale and the multisensory data is of limited quality, hampering generalization to real-world scenarios. We present ObjectFolder 2.0, a large-scale, multisensory dataset of common household objects in the form of implicit neural representations that significantly enhances ObjectFolder 1.0 in three aspects. First, our dataset is 10 times larger in the amount of objects and orders of magnitude faster in rendering time. Second, we significantly improve the multisensory rendering quality for all three modalities. Third, we show that models learned from virtual objects in our dataset successfully transfer to their real-world counterparts in three challenging tasks: object scale estimation, contact localization, and shape reconstruction. ObjectFolder 2.0 offers a new path and testbed for multisensory learning in computer vision and robotics. The dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rhgao/ObjectFolder" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Pyramid Frequency Network with Spatial Attention Residual Refinement Module for Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02386.pdf)
>  Deep-learning-based approaches to depth estimation are rapidly advancing, offering superior performance over existing methods. To estimate the depth in real-world scenarios, depth estimation models require the robustness of various noise environments. In this work, a Pyramid Frequency Network(PFN) with Spatial Attention Residual Refinement Module(SARRM) is proposed to deal with the weak robustness of existing deep-learning methods. To reconstruct depth maps with accurate details, the SARRM constructs a residual fusion method with an attention mechanism to refine the blur depth. The frequency division strategy is designed, and the frequency pyramid network is developed to extract features from multiple frequency bands. With the frequency strategy, PFN achieves better visual accuracy than state-of-the-art methods in both indoor and outdoor scenes on Make3D, KITTI depth, and NYUv2 datasets. Additional experiments on the noisy NYUv2 dataset demonstrate that PFN is more reliable than existing deep-learning methods in high-noise scenes.      
### 6.CLEVR-X: A Visual Reasoning Dataset for Natural Language Explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02380.pdf)
>  Providing explanations in the context of Visual Question Answering (VQA) presents a fundamental problem in machine learning. To obtain detailed insights into the process of generating natural language explanations for VQA, we introduce the large-scale CLEVR-X dataset that extends the CLEVR dataset with natural language explanations. For each image-question pair in the CLEVR dataset, CLEVR-X contains multiple structured textual explanations which are derived from the original scene graphs. By construction, the CLEVR-X explanations are correct and describe the reasoning and visual information that is necessary to answer a given question. We conducted a user study to confirm that the ground-truth explanations in our proposed dataset are indeed complete and relevant. We present baseline results for generating natural language explanations in the context of VQA using two state-of-the-art frameworks on the CLEVR-X dataset. Furthermore, we provide a detailed analysis of the explanation generation quality for different question and answer types. Additionally, we study the influence of using different numbers of ground-truth explanations on the convergence of natural language generation (NLG) metrics. The CLEVR-X dataset is publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://explainableml.github.io/CLEVR-X/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 7.A lightweight and accurate YOLO-like network for small target detection in Aerial Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02325.pdf)
>  Despite the breakthrough deep learning performances achieved for automatic object detection, small target detection is still a challenging problem, especially when looking at fast and accurate solutions suitable for mobile or edge applications. In this work we present YOLO-S, a simple, fast and efficient network for small target detection. The architecture exploits a small feature extractor based on Darknet20, as well as skip connection, via both bypass and concatenation, and reshape-passthrough layer to alleviate the vanishing gradient problem, promote feature reuse across network and combine low-level positional information with more meaningful high-level information. To verify the performances of YOLO-S, we build "AIRES", a novel dataset for cAr detectIon fRom hElicopter imageS acquired in Europe, and set up experiments on both AIRES and VEDAI datasets, benchmarking this architecture with four baseline detectors. Furthermore, in order to handle efficiently the issue of data insufficiency and domain gap when dealing with a transfer learning strategy, we introduce a transitional learning task over a combined dataset based on DOTAv2 and VEDAI and demonstrate that can enhance the overall accuracy with respect to more general features transferred from COCO data. YOLO-S is from 25% to 50% faster than YOLOv3 and only 15-25% slower than Tiny-YOLOv3, outperforming also YOLOv3 in terms of accuracy in a wide range of experiments. Further simulations performed on SARD dataset demonstrate also its applicability to different scenarios such as for search and rescue operations. Besides, YOLO-S has an 87% decrease of parameter size and almost one half FLOPs of YOLOv3, making practical the deployment for low-power industrial applications.      
### 8.Neural Convolutional Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02289.pdf)
>  This work is concerned with a representation of shapes that disentangles fine, local and possibly repeating geometry, from global, coarse structures. Achieving such disentanglement leads to two unrelated advantages: i) a significant compression in the number of parameters required to represent a given geometry; ii) the ability to manipulate either global geometry, or local details, without harming the other. At the core of our approach lies a novel pipeline and neural architecture, which are optimized to represent one specific atlas, representing one 3D surface. Our pipeline and architecture are designed so that disentanglement of global geometry from local details is accomplished through optimization, in a completely unsupervised manner. We show that this approach achieves better neural shape compression than the state of the art, as well as enabling manipulation and transfer of shape details. Project page at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://geometry.cs.ucl.ac.uk/projects/2022/cnnmaps/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> .      
### 9.Rethinking Visual Geo-localization for Large-Scale Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02287.pdf)
>  Visual Geo-localization (VG) is the task of estimating the position where a given photo was taken by comparing it with a large database of images of known locations. To investigate how existing techniques would perform on a real-world city-wide VG application, we build San Francisco eXtra Large, a new dataset covering a whole city and providing a wide range of challenging cases, with a size 30x bigger than the previous largest dataset for visual geo-localization. We find that current methods fail to scale to such large datasets, therefore we design a new highly scalable training technique, called CosPlace, which casts the training as a classification problem avoiding the expensive mining needed by the commonly used contrastive learning. We achieve state-of-the-art performance on a wide range of datasets and find that CosPlace is robust to heavy domain changes. Moreover, we show that, compared to the previous state-of-the-art, CosPlace requires roughly 80% less GPU memory at train time, and it achieves better results with 8x smaller descriptors, paving the way for city-wide real-world visual geo-localization. Dataset, code and trained models are available for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gmberton/CosPlace" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.SwapMix: Diagnosing and Regularizing the Over-Reliance on Visual Context in Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02285.pdf)
>  While Visual Question Answering (VQA) has progressed rapidly, previous works raise concerns about robustness of current VQA models. In this work, we study the robustness of VQA models from a novel perspective: visual context. We suggest that the models over-rely on the visual context, i.e., irrelevant objects in the image, to make predictions. To diagnose the model's reliance on visual context and measure their robustness, we propose a simple yet effective perturbation technique, SwapMix. SwapMix perturbs the visual context by swapping features of irrelevant context objects with features from other objects in the dataset. Using SwapMix we are able to change answers to more than 45 % of the questions for a representative VQA model. Additionally, we train the models with perfect sight and find that the context over-reliance highly depends on the quality of visual representations. In addition to diagnosing, SwapMix can also be applied as a data augmentation strategy during training in order to regularize the context over-reliance. By swapping the context object features, the model reliance on context can be suppressed effectively. Two representative VQA models are studied using SwapMix: a co-attention model MCAN and a large-scale pretrained model LXMERT. Our experiments on the popular GQA dataset show the effectiveness of SwapMix for both diagnosing model robustness and regularizing the over-reliance on visual context. The code for our method is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vipulgupta1011/swapmix" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 11.Arbitrary-Scale Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02273.pdf)
>  Positional encodings have enabled recent works to train a single adversarial network that can generate images of different scales. However, these approaches are either limited to a set of discrete scales or struggle to maintain good perceptual quality at the scales for which the model is not trained explicitly. We propose the design of scale-consistent positional encodings invariant to our generator's layers transformations. This enables the generation of arbitrary-scale images even at scales unseen during training. Moreover, we incorporate novel inter-scale augmentations into our pipeline and partial generation training to facilitate the synthesis of consistent images at arbitrary scales. Lastly, we show competitive results for a continuum of scales on various commonly used datasets for image synthesis.      
### 12.The Probabilistic Normal Epipolar Constraint for Frame-To-Frame Rotation Optimization under Uncertain Feature Positions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02256.pdf)
>  The estimation of the relative pose of two camera views is a fundamental problem in computer vision. Kneip et al. proposed to solve this problem by introducing the normal epipolar constraint (NEC). However, their approach does not take into account uncertainties, so that the accuracy of the estimated relative pose is highly dependent on accurate feature positions in the target frame. In this work, we introduce the probabilistic normal epipolar constraint (PNEC) that overcomes this limitation by accounting for anisotropic and inhomogeneous uncertainties in the feature positions. To this end, we propose a novel objective function, along with an efficient optimization scheme that effectively minimizes our objective while maintaining real-time performance. In experiments on synthetic data, we demonstrate that the novel PNEC yields more accurate rotation estimates than the original NEC and several popular relative rotation estimation algorithms. Furthermore, we integrate the proposed method into a state-of-the-art monocular rotation-only odometry system and achieve consistently improved results for the real-world KITTI dataset.      
### 13.RBGNet: Ray-based Grouping for 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02251.pdf)
>  As a fundamental problem in computer vision, 3D object detection is experiencing rapid growth. To extract the point-wise features from the irregularly and sparsely distributed points, previous methods usually take a feature grouping module to aggregate the point features to an object candidate. However, these methods have not yet leveraged the surface geometry of foreground objects to enhance grouping and 3D box generation. In this paper, we propose the RBGNet framework, a voting-based 3D detector for accurate 3D object detection from point clouds. In order to learn better representations of object shape to enhance cluster features for predicting 3D boxes, we propose a ray-based feature grouping module, which aggregates the point-wise features on object surfaces using a group of determined rays uniformly emitted from cluster centers. Considering the fact that foreground points are more meaningful for box estimation, we design a novel foreground biased sampling strategy in downsample process to sample more points on object surfaces and further boost the detection performance. Our model achieves state-of-the-art 3D detection performance on ScanNet V2 and SUN RGB-D with remarkable performance gains. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Haiyang-W/RBGNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.IRON: Inverse Rendering by Optimizing Neural SDFs and Materials from Photometric Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02232.pdf)
>  We propose a neural inverse rendering pipeline called IRON that operates on photometric images and outputs high-quality 3D content in the format of triangle meshes and material textures readily deployable in existing graphics pipelines. Our method adopts neural representations for geometry as signed distance fields (SDFs) and materials during optimization to enjoy their flexibility and compactness, and features a hybrid optimization scheme for neural SDFs: first, optimize using a volumetric radiance field approach to recover correct topology, then optimize further using edgeaware physics-based surface rendering for geometry refinement and disentanglement of materials and lighting. In the second stage, we also draw inspiration from mesh-based differentiable rendering, and design a novel edge sampling algorithm for neural SDFs to further improve performance. We show that our IRON achieves significantly better inverse rendering quality compared to prior works. Our project page is here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://kai-46.github.io/IRON-website/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 15.When Sparsity Meets Dynamic Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02227.pdf)
>  Dynamic convolution achieves a substantial performance boost for efficient CNNs at a cost of increased convolutional weights. Contrastively, mask-based unstructured pruning obtains a lightweight network by removing redundancy in the heavy network at risk of performance drop. In this paper, we propose a new framework to coherently integrate these two paths so that they can complement each other compensate for the disadvantages. We first design a binary mask derived from a learnable threshold to prune static kernels, significantly reducing the parameters and computational cost but achieving higher performance in Imagenet-1K(0.6\% increase in top-1 accuracy with 0.67G fewer FLOPs). Based on this learnable mask, we further propose a novel dynamic sparse network incorporating the dynamic routine mechanism, which exerts much higher accuracy than baselines ($2.63\%$ increase in top-1 accuracy for MobileNetV1 with $90\%$ sparsity). As a result, our method demonstrates a more efficient dynamic convolution with sparsity.      
### 16.SNUG: Self-Supervised Neural Dynamic Garments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02219.pdf)
>  We present a self-supervised method to learn dynamic 3D deformations of garments worn by parametric human bodies. State-of-the-art data-driven approaches to model 3D garment deformations are trained using supervised strategies that require large datasets, usually obtained by expensive physics-based simulation methods or professional multi-camera capture setups. In contrast, we propose a new training scheme that removes the need for ground-truth samples, enabling self-supervised training of dynamic 3D garment deformations. Our key contribution is to realize that physics-based deformation models, traditionally solved in a frame-by-frame basis by implicit integrators, can be recasted as an optimization problem. We leverage such optimization-based scheme to formulate a set of physics-based loss terms that can be used to train neural networks without precomputing ground-truth data. This allows us to learn models for interactive garments, including dynamic deformations and fine wrinkles, with two orders of magnitude speed up in training time compared to state-of-the-art supervised methods      
### 17.Vision Transformer Equipped with Neural Resizer on Facial Expression Recognition Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02181.pdf)
>  When it comes to wild conditions, Facial Expression Recognition is often challenged with low-quality data and imbalanced, ambiguous labels. This field has much benefited from CNN based approaches; however, CNN models have structural limitation to see the facial regions in distant. As a remedy, Transformer has been introduced to vision fields with global receptive field, but requires adjusting input spatial size to the pretrained models to enjoy their strong inductive bias at hands. We herein raise a question whether using the deterministic interpolation method is enough to feed low-resolution data to Transformer. In this work, we propose a novel training framework, Neural Resizer, to support Transformer by compensating information and downscaling in a data-driven manner trained with loss function balancing the noisiness and imbalance. Experiments show our Neural Resizer with F-PDLS loss function improves the performance with Transformer variants in general and nearly achieves the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 18.Multi-View Transformer for 3D Visual Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02174.pdf)
>  The 3D visual grounding task aims to ground a natural language description to the targeted object in a 3D scene, which is usually represented in 3D point clouds. Previous works studied visual grounding under specific views. The vision-language correspondence learned by this way can easily fail once the view changes. In this paper, we propose a Multi-View Transformer (MVT) for 3D visual grounding. We project the 3D scene to a multi-view space, in which the position information of the 3D scene under different views are modeled simultaneously and aggregated together. The multi-view space enables the network to learn a more robust multi-modal representation for 3D visual grounding and eliminates the dependence on specific views. Extensive experiments show that our approach significantly outperforms all state-of-the-art methods. Specifically, on Nr3D and Sr3D datasets, our method outperforms the best competitor by 11.2% and 7.1% and even surpasses recent work with extra 2D assistance by 5.9% and 6.6%. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sega-hsj/MVT-3DVG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Joint Learning of Feature Extraction and Cost Aggregation for Semantic Correspondence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02164.pdf)
>  Establishing dense correspondences across semantically similar images is one of the challenging tasks due to the significant intra-class variations and background clutters. To solve these problems, numerous methods have been proposed, focused on learning feature extractor or cost aggregation independently, which yields sub-optimal performance. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for jointly learning feature extraction and cost aggregation for semantic correspondence. By exploiting the pseudo labels from each module, the networks consisting of feature extraction and cost aggregation modules are simultaneously learned in a boosting fashion. Moreover, to ignore unreliable pseudo labels, we present a confidence-aware contrastive loss function for learning the networks in a weakly-supervised manner. We demonstrate our competitive results on standard benchmarks for semantic correspondence.      
### 20.Leveraging Equivariant Features for Absolute Pose Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02163.pdf)
>  While end-to-end approaches have achieved state-of-the-art performance in many perception tasks, they are not yet able to compete with 3D geometry-based methods in pose estimation. Moreover, absolute pose regression has been shown to be more related to image retrieval. As a result, we hypothesize that the statistical features learned by classical Convolutional Neural Networks do not carry enough geometric information to reliably solve this inherently geometric task. In this paper, we demonstrate how a translation and rotation equivariant Convolutional Neural Network directly induces representations of camera motions into the feature space. We then show that this geometric property allows for implicitly augmenting the training data under a whole group of image plane-preserving transformations. Therefore, we argue that directly learning equivariant features is preferable than learning data-intensive intermediate representations. Comprehensive experimental validation demonstrates that our lightweight model outperforms existing ones on standard datasets.      
### 21.Automatic Image Content Extraction: Operationalizing Machine Learning in Humanistic Photographic Studies of Large Visual Archives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02149.pdf)
>  Applying machine learning tools to digitized image archives has a potential to revolutionize quantitative research of visual studies in humanities and social sciences. The ability to process a hundredfold greater number of photos than has been traditionally possible and to analyze them with an extensive set of variables will contribute to deeper insight into the material. Overall, these changes will help to shift the workflow from simple manual tasks to more demanding stages. <br>In this paper, we introduce Automatic Image Content Extraction (AICE) framework for machine learning-based search and analysis of large image archives. We developed the framework in a multidisciplinary research project as framework for future photographic studies by reformulating and expanding the traditional visual content analysis methodologies to be compatible with the current and emerging state-of-the-art machine learning tools and to cover the novel machine learning opportunities for automatic content analysis. The proposed framework can be applied in several domains in humanities and social sciences, and it can be adjusted and scaled into various research settings. We also provide information on the current state of different machine learning techniques and show that there are already various publicly available methods that are suitable to a wide-scale of visual content analysis tasks.      
### 22.Dual-AI: Dual-path Actor Interaction Learning for Group Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02148.pdf)
>  Learning spatial-temporal relation among multiple actors is crucial for group activity recognition. Different group activities often show the diversified interactions between actors in the video. Hence, it is often difficult to model complex group activities from a single view of spatial-temporal actor evolution. To tackle this problem, we propose a distinct Dual-path Actor Interaction (DualAI) framework, which flexibly arranges spatial and temporal transformers in two complementary orders, enhancing actor relations by integrating merits from different spatiotemporal paths. Moreover, we introduce a novel Multi-scale Actor Contrastive Loss (MAC-Loss) between two interactive paths of Dual-AI. Via self-supervised actor consistency in both frame and video levels, MAC-Loss can effectively distinguish individual actor representations to reduce action confusion among different actors. Consequently, our Dual-AI can boost group activity recognition by fusing such discriminative features of different actors. To evaluate the proposed approach, we conduct extensive experiments on the widely used benchmarks, including Volleyball, Collective Activity, and NBA datasets. The proposed Dual-AI achieves state-of-the-art performance on all these datasets. It is worth noting the proposed Dual-AI with 50% training data outperforms a number of recent approaches with 100% training data. This confirms the generalization power of Dual-AI for group activity recognition, even under the challenging scenarios of limited supervision.      
### 23.Detector-Free Weakly Supervised Group Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02139.pdf)
>  Group activity recognition is the task of understanding the activity conducted by a group of people as a whole in a multi-person video. Existing models for this task are often impractical in that they demand ground-truth bounding box labels of actors even in testing or rely on off-the-shelf object detectors. Motivated by this, we propose a novel model for group activity recognition that depends neither on bounding box labels nor on object detector. Our model based on Transformer localizes and encodes partial contexts of a group activity by leveraging the attention mechanism, and represents a video clip as a set of partial context embeddings. The embedding vectors are then aggregated to form a single group representation that reflects the entire context of an activity while capturing temporal evolution of each partial context. Our method achieves outstanding performance on two benchmarks, Volleyball and NBA datasets, surpassing not only the state of the art trained with the same level of supervision, but also some of existing models relying on stronger supervision.      
### 24.Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting in Incremental Object Detection via Elastic Response Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02136.pdf)
>  Traditional object detectors are ill-equipped for incremental learning. However, fine-tuning directly on a well-trained detection model with only new data will lead to catastrophic forgetting. Knowledge distillation is a flexible way to mitigate catastrophic forgetting. In Incremental Object Detection (IOD), previous work mainly focuses on distilling for the combination of features and responses. However, they under-explore the information that contains in responses. In this paper, we propose a response-based incremental distillation method, dubbed Elastic Response Distillation (ERD), which focuses on elastically learning responses from the classification head and the regression head. Firstly, our method transfers category knowledge while equipping student detector with the ability to retain localization information during incremental learning. In addition, we further evaluate the quality of all locations and provide valuable responses by the Elastic Response Selection (ERS) strategy. Finally, we elucidate that the knowledge from different responses should be assigned with different importance during incremental distillation. Extensive experiments conducted on MS COCO demonstrate our method achieves state-of-the-art result, which substantially narrows the performance gap towards full training.      
### 25.Birds of A Feather Flock Together: Category-Divergence Guidance for Domain Adaptive Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02111.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) aims to enhance the generalization capability of a certain model from a source domain to a target domain. Present UDA models focus on alleviating the domain shift by minimizing the feature discrepancy between the source domain and the target domain but usually ignore the class confusion problem. In this work, we propose an Inter-class Separation and Intra-class Aggregation (ISIA) mechanism. It encourages the cross-domain representative consistency between the same categories and differentiation among diverse categories. In this way, the features belonging to the same categories are aligned together and the confusable categories are separated. By measuring the align complexity of each category, we design an Adaptive-weighted Instance Matching (AIM) strategy to further optimize the instance-level adaptation. Based on our proposed methods, we also raise a hierarchical unsupervised domain adaptation framework for cross-domain semantic segmentation task. Through performing the image-level, feature-level, category-level and instance-level alignment, our method achieves a stronger generalization performance of the model from the source domain to the target domain. In two typical cross-domain semantic segmentation tasks, i.e., GTA5 to Cityscapes and SYNTHIA to Cityscapes, our method achieves the state-of-the-art segmentation accuracy. We also build two cross-domain semantic segmentation datasets based on the publicly available data, i.e., remote sensing building segmentation and road segmentation, for domain adaptive segmentation.      
### 26.P3Depth: Monocular Depth Estimation with a Piecewise Planarity Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02091.pdf)
>  Monocular depth estimation is vital for scene understanding and downstream tasks. We focus on the supervised setup, in which ground-truth depth is available only at training time. Based on knowledge about the high regularity of real 3D scenes, we propose a method that learns to selectively leverage information from coplanar pixels to improve the predicted depth. In particular, we introduce a piecewise planarity prior which states that for each pixel, there is a seed pixel which shares the same planar 3D surface with the former. Motivated by this prior, we design a network with two heads. The first head outputs pixel-level plane coefficients, while the second one outputs a dense offset vector field that identifies the positions of seed pixels. The plane coefficients of seed pixels are then used to predict depth at each position. The resulting prediction is adaptively fused with the initial prediction from the first head via a learned confidence to account for potential deviations from precise local planarity. The entire architecture is trained end-to-end thanks to the differentiability of the proposed modules and it learns to predict regular depth maps, with sharp edges at occlusion boundaries. An extensive evaluation of our method shows that we set the new state of the art in supervised monocular depth estimation, surpassing prior methods on NYU Depth-v2 and on the Garg split of KITTI. Our method delivers depth maps that yield plausible 3D reconstructions of the input scenes. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SysCV/P3Depth" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 27.VocaLiST: An Audio-Visual Synchronisation Model for Lips and Voices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02090.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of lip-voice synchronisation in videos containing human face and voice. Our approach is based on determining if the lips motion and the voice in a video are synchronised or not, depending on their audio-visual correspondence score. We propose an audio-visual cross-modal transformer-based model that outperforms several baseline models in the audio-visual synchronisation task on the standard lip-reading speech benchmark dataset LRS2. While the existing methods focus mainly on the lip synchronisation in speech videos, we also consider the special case of singing voice. Singing voice is a more challenging use case for synchronisation due to sustained vowel sounds. We also investigate the relevance of lip synchronisation models trained on speech datasets in the context of singing voice. Finally, we use the frozen visual features learned by our lip synchronisation model in the singing voice separation task to outperform a baseline audio-visual model which was trained end-to-end. The demos, source code, and the pre-trained model will be made available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ipcv.github.io/VocaLiST/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 28.Real-time Hyperspectral Imaging in Hardware via Trained Metasurface Encoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02084.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral imaging has attracted significant attention to identify spectral signatures for image classification and automated pattern recognition in computer vision. State-of-the-art implementations of snapshot hyperspectral imaging rely on bulky, non-integrated, and expensive optical elements, including lenses, spectrometers, and filters. These macroscopic components do not allow fast data processing for, e.g real-time and high-resolution videos. This work introduces Hyplex, a new integrated architecture addressing the limitations discussed above. Hyplex is a CMOS-compatible, fast hyperspectral camera that replaces bulk optics with nanoscale metasurfaces inversely designed through artificial intelligence. Hyplex does not require spectrometers but makes use of conventional monochrome cameras, opening up the possibility for real-time and high-resolution hyperspectral imaging at inexpensive costs. Hyplex exploits a model-driven optimization, which connects the physical metasurfaces layer with modern visual computing approaches based on end-to-end training. We design and implement a prototype version of Hyplex and compare its performance against the state-of-the-art for typical imaging tasks such as spectral reconstruction and semantic segmentation. In all benchmarks, Hyplex reports the smallest reconstruction error. We additionally present what is, to the best of our knowledge, the largest publicly available labeled hyperspectral dataset for semantic segmentation.      
### 29.Real-time Online Multi-Object Tracking in Compressed Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02081.pdf)
>  Recent online Multi-Object Tracking (MOT) methods have achieved desirable tracking performance. However, the tracking speed of most existing methods is rather slow. Inspired from the fact that the adjacent frames are highly relevant and redundant, we divide the frames into key and non-key frames respectively and track objects in the compressed domain. For the key frames, the RGB images are restored for detection and data association. To make data association more reliable, an appearance Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) which can be jointly trained with the detector is proposed. For the non-key frames, the objects are directly propagated by a tracking CNN based on the motion information provided in the compressed domain. Compared with the state-of-the-art online MOT methods,our tracker is about 6x faster while maintaining a comparable tracking performance.      
### 30.Semi-supervised Semantic Segmentation with Error Localization Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02078.pdf)
>  This paper studies semi-supervised learning of semantic segmentation, which assumes that only a small portion of training images are labeled and the others remain unlabeled. The unlabeled images are usually assigned pseudo labels to be used in training, which however often causes the risk of performance degradation due to the confirmation bias towards errors on the pseudo labels. We present a novel method that resolves this chronic issue of pseudo labeling. At the heart of our method lies error localization network (ELN), an auxiliary module that takes an image and its segmentation prediction as input and identifies pixels whose pseudo labels are likely to be wrong. ELN enables semi-supervised learning to be robust against inaccurate pseudo labels by disregarding label noises during training and can be naturally integrated with self-training and contrastive learning. Moreover, we introduce a new learning strategy for ELN that simulates plausible and diverse segmentation errors during training of ELN to enhance its generalization. Our method is evaluated on PASCAL VOC 2012 and Cityscapes, where it outperforms all existing methods in every evaluation setting.      
### 31.An efficient real-time target tracking algorithm using adaptive feature fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02054.pdf)
>  Visual-based target tracking is easily influenced by multiple factors, such as background clutter, targets fast-moving, illumination variation, object shape change, occlusion, etc. These factors influence the tracking accuracy of a target tracking task. To address this issue, an efficient real-time target tracking method based on a low-dimension adaptive feature fusion is proposed to allow us the simultaneous implementation of the high-accuracy and real-time target tracking. First, the adaptive fusion of a histogram of oriented gradient (HOG) feature and color feature is utilized to improve the tracking accuracy. Second, a convolution dimension reduction method applies to the fusion between the HOG feature and color feature to reduce the over-fitting caused by their high-dimension fusions. Third, an average correlation energy estimation method is used to extract the relative confidence adaptive coefficients to ensure tracking accuracy. We experimentally confirm the proposed method on an OTB100 data set. Compared with nine popular target tracking algorithms, the proposed algorithm gains the highest tracking accuracy and success tracking rate. Compared with the traditional Sum of Template and Pixel-wise LEarners (STAPLE) algorithm, the proposed algorithm can obtain a higher success rate and accuracy, improving by 0.023 and 0.019, respectively. The experimental results also demonstrate that the proposed algorithm can reach the real-time target tracking with 50 fps. The proposed method paves a more promising way for real-time target tracking tasks under a complex environment, such as appearance deformation, illumination change, motion blur, background, similarity, scale change, and occlusion.      
### 32.DT2I: Dense Text-to-Image Generation from Region Descriptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02035.pdf)
>  Despite astonishing progress, generating realistic images of complex scenes remains a challenging problem. Recently, layout-to-image synthesis approaches have attracted much interest by conditioning the generator on a list of bounding boxes and corresponding class labels. However, previous approaches are very restrictive because the set of labels is fixed a priori. Meanwhile, text-to-image synthesis methods have substantially improved and provide a flexible way for conditional image generation. In this work, we introduce dense text-to-image (DT2I) synthesis as a new task to pave the way toward more intuitive image generation. Furthermore, we propose DTC-GAN, a novel method to generate images from semantically rich region descriptions, and a multi-modal region feature matching loss to encourage semantic image-text matching. Our results demonstrate the capability of our approach to generate plausible images of complex scenes using region captions.      
### 33.Learning to Reduce Information Bottleneck for Object Detection in Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02033.pdf)
>  Object detection in aerial images is a fundamental research topic in the domain of geoscience and remote sensing. However, advanced progresses on this topic are mainly focused on the designment of backbone networks or header networks, but surprisingly ignored the neck ones. In this letter, we first analyse the importance of the neck network in object detection frameworks from the theory of information bottleneck. Then, to alleviate the information loss problem in the current neck network, we propose a global semantic network, which acts as a bridge from the backbone to the head network in a bidirectional global convolution manner. Compared to the existing neck networks, our method has advantages of capturing rich detailed information and less computational costs. Moreover, we further propose a fusion refinement module, which is used for feature fusion with rich details from different scales. To demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our method, experiments are carried out on two challenging datasets (i.e., DOTA and HRSC2016). Results in terms of accuracy and computational complexity both can verify the superiority of our method.      
### 34.LatentGAN Autoencoder: Learning Disentangled Latent Distribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02010.pdf)
>  In autoencoder, the encoder generally approximates the latent distribution over the dataset, and the decoder generates samples using this learned latent distribution. There is very little control over the latent vector as using the random latent vector for generation will lead to trivial outputs. This work tries to address this issue by using the LatentGAN generator to directly learn to approximate the latent distribution of the autoencoder and show meaningful results on MNIST, 3D Chair, and CelebA datasets, an additional information-theoretic constrain is used which successfully learns to control autoencoder latent distribution. With this, our model also achieves an error rate of 2.38 on MNIST unsupervised image classification, which is better as compared to InfoGAN and AAE.      
### 35.Learning Video Salient Object Detection Progressively from Unlabeled Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02008.pdf)
>  Recent deep learning-based video salient object detection (VSOD) has achieved some breakthrough, but these methods rely on expensive annotated videos with pixel-wise annotations, weak annotations, or part of the pixel-wise annotations. In this paper, based on the similarities and the differences between VSOD and image salient object detection (SOD), we propose a novel VSOD method via a progressive framework that locates and segments salient objects in sequence without utilizing any video annotation. To use the knowledge learned in the SOD dataset for VSOD efficiently, we introduce dynamic saliency to compensate for the lack of motion information of SOD during the locating process but retain the same fine segmenting process. Specifically, an algorithm for generating spatiotemporal location labels, which consists of generating high-saliency location labels and tracking salient objects in adjacent frames, is proposed. Based on these location labels, a two-stream locating network that introduces an optical flow branch for video salient object locating is presented. Although our method does not require labeled video at all, the experimental results on five public benchmarks of DAVIS, FBMS, ViSal, VOS, and DAVSOD demonstrate that our proposed method is competitive with fully supervised methods and outperforms the state-of-the-art weakly and unsupervised methods.      
### 36.Non-Local Latent Relation Distillation for Self-Adaptive 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01971.pdf)
>  Available 3D human pose estimation approaches leverage different forms of strong (2D/3D pose) or weak (multi-view or depth) paired supervision. Barring synthetic or in-studio domains, acquiring such supervision for each new target environment is highly inconvenient. To this end, we cast 3D pose learning as a self-supervised adaptation problem that aims to transfer the task knowledge from a labeled source domain to a completely unpaired target. We propose to infer image-to-pose via two explicit mappings viz. image-to-latent and latent-to-pose where the latter is a pre-learned decoder obtained from a prior-enforcing generative adversarial auto-encoder. Next, we introduce relation distillation as a means to align the unpaired cross-modal samples i.e. the unpaired target videos and unpaired 3D pose sequences. To this end, we propose a new set of non-local relations in order to characterize long-range latent pose interactions unlike general contrastive relations where positive couplings are limited to a local neighborhood structure. Further, we provide an objective way to quantify non-localness in order to select the most effective relation set. We evaluate different self-adaptation settings and demonstrate state-of-the-art 3D human pose estimation performance on standard benchmarks.      
### 37.Region Rebalance for Long-Tailed Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01969.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of class imbalance in semantic segmentation. We first investigate and identify the main challenges of addressing this issue through pixel rebalance. Then a simple and yet effective region rebalance scheme is derived based on our analysis. In our solution, pixel features belonging to the same class are grouped into region features, and a rebalanced region classifier is applied via an auxiliary region rebalance branch during training. To verify the flexibility and effectiveness of our method, we apply the region rebalance module into various semantic segmentation methods, such as Deeplabv3+, OCRNet, and Swin. Our strategy achieves consistent improvement on the challenging ADE20K and COCO-Stuff benchmark. In particular, with the proposed region rebalance scheme, state-of-the-art BEiT receives +0.7% gain in terms of mIoU on the ADE20K val set.      
### 38.PSDoodle: Searching for App Screens via Interactive Sketching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01968.pdf)
>  Keyword-based mobile screen search does not account for screen content and fails to operate as a universal tool for all levels of users. Visual searching (e.g., image, sketch) is structured and easy to adopt. Current visual search approaches count on a complete screen and are therefore slow and tedious. PSDoodle employs a deep neural network to recognize partial screen element drawings instantly on a digital drawing interface and shows results in real-time. PSDoodle is the first tool that utilizes partial sketches and searches for screens in an interactive iterative way. PSDoodle supports different drawing styles and retrieves search results that are relevant to the user's sketch query. A short video demonstration is available online at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/3cVLHFm5pY4" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 39.Controllable Garment Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01965.pdf)
>  Image-based garment transfer replaces the garment on the target human with the desired garment; this enables users to virtually view themselves in the desired garment. To this end, many approaches have been proposed using the generative model and have shown promising results. However, most fail to provide the user with on the fly garment modification functionality. We aim to add this customizable option of "garment tweaking" to our model to control garment attributes, such as sleeve length, waist width, and garment texture.      
### 40.FaceSigns: Semi-Fragile Neural Watermarks for Media Authentication and Countering Deepfakes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01960.pdf)
>  Deepfakes and manipulated media are becoming a prominent threat due to the recent advances in realistic image and video synthesis techniques. There have been several attempts at combating Deepfakes using machine learning classifiers. However, such classifiers do not generalize well to black-box image synthesis techniques and have been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial examples. To address these challenges, we introduce a deep learning based semi-fragile watermarking technique that allows media authentication by verifying an invisible secret message embedded in the image pixels. Instead of identifying and detecting fake media using visual artifacts, we propose to proactively embed a semi-fragile watermark into a real image so that we can prove its authenticity when needed. Our watermarking framework is designed to be fragile to facial manipulations or tampering while being robust to benign image-processing operations such as image compression, scaling, saturation, contrast adjustments etc. This allows images shared over the internet to retain the verifiable watermark as long as face-swapping or any other Deepfake modification technique is not applied. We demonstrate that FaceSigns can embed a 128 bit secret as an imperceptible image watermark that can be recovered with a high bit recovery accuracy at several compression levels, while being non-recoverable when unseen Deepfake manipulations are applied. For a set of unseen benign and Deepfake manipulations studied in our work, FaceSigns can reliably detect manipulated content with an AUC score of 0.996 which is significantly higher than prior image watermarking and steganography techniques.      
### 41.Autoregressive 3D Shape Generation via Canonical Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01955.pdf)
>  With the capacity of modeling long-range dependencies in sequential data, transformers have shown remarkable performances in a variety of generative tasks such as image, audio, and text generation. Yet, taming them in generating less structured and voluminous data formats such as high-resolution point clouds have seldom been explored due to ambiguous sequentialization processes and infeasible computation burden. In this paper, we aim to further exploit the power of transformers and employ them for the task of 3D point cloud generation. The key idea is to decompose point clouds of one category into semantically aligned sequences of shape compositions, via a learned canonical space. These shape compositions can then be quantized and used to learn a context-rich composition codebook for point cloud generation. Experimental results on point cloud reconstruction and unconditional generation show that our model performs favorably against state-of-the-art approaches. Furthermore, our model can be easily extended to multi-modal shape completion as an application for conditional shape generation.      
### 42.Towards On-Board Panoptic Segmentation of Multispectral Satellite Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01952.pdf)
>  With tremendous advancements in low-power embedded computing devices and remote sensing instruments, the traditional satellite image processing pipeline which includes an expensive data transfer step prior to processing data on the ground is being replaced by on-board processing of captured data. This paradigm shift enables critical and time-sensitive analytic intelligence to be acquired in a timely manner on-board the satellite itself. However, at present, the on-board processing of multi-spectral satellite images is limited to classification and segmentation tasks. Extending this processing to its next logical level, in this paper we propose a lightweight pipeline for on-board panoptic segmentation of multi-spectral satellite images. Panoptic segmentation offers major economic and environmental insights, ranging from yield estimation from agricultural lands to intelligence for complex military applications. Nevertheless, the on-board intelligence extraction raises several challenges due to the loss of temporal observations and the need to generate predictions from a single image sample. To address this challenge, we propose a multimodal teacher network based on a cross-modality attention-based fusion strategy to improve the segmentation accuracy by exploiting data from multiple modes. We also propose an online knowledge distillation framework to transfer the knowledge learned by this multi-modal teacher network to a uni-modal student which receives only a single frame input, and is more appropriate for an on-board environment. We benchmark our approach against existing state-of-the-art panoptic segmentation models using the PASTIS multi-spectral panoptic segmentation dataset considering an on-board processing setting. Our evaluations demonstrate a substantial increase in accuracy metrics compared to the existing state-of-the-art models.      
### 43.Unified Implicit Neural Stylization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01943.pdf)
>  Representing visual signals by implicit representation (e.g., a coordinate based deep network) has prevailed among many vision tasks. This work explores a new intriguing direction: training a stylized implicit representation, using a generalized approach that can apply to various 2D and 3D scenarios. We conduct a pilot study on a variety of implicit functions, including 2D coordinate-based representation, neural radiance field, and signed distance function. Our solution is a Unified Implicit Neural Stylization framework, dubbed INS. In contrary to vanilla implicit representation, INS decouples the ordinary implicit function into a style implicit module and a content implicit module, in order to separately encode the representations from the style image and input scenes. An amalgamation module is then applied to aggregate these information and synthesize the stylized output. To regularize the geometry in 3D scenes, we propose a novel self-distillation geometry consistency loss which preserves the geometry fidelity of the stylized scenes. Comprehensive experiments are conducted on multiple task settings, including novel view synthesis of complex scenes, stylization for implicit surfaces, and fitting images using MLPs. We further demonstrate that the learned representation is continuous not only spatially but also style-wise, leading to effortlessly interpolating between different styles and generating images with new mixed styles. Please refer to the video on our project page for more view synthesis results: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zhiwenfan.github.io/INS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.Attention Distraction: Watermark Removal Through Continual Learning with Selective Forgetting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01934.pdf)
>  Fine-tuning attacks are effective in removing the embedded watermarks in deep learning models. However, when the source data is unavailable, it is challenging to just erase the watermark without jeopardizing the model performance. In this context, we introduce Attention Distraction (AD), a novel source data-free watermark removal attack, to make the model selectively forget the embedded watermarks by customizing continual learning. In particular, AD first anchors the model's attention on the main task using some unlabeled data. Then, through continual learning, a small number of \textit{lures} (randomly selected natural images) that are assigned a new label distract the model's attention away from the watermarks. Experimental results from different datasets and networks corroborate that AD can thoroughly remove the watermark with a small resource budget without compromising the model's performance on the main task, which outperforms the state-of-the-art works.      
### 45.High-Quality Pluralistic Image Completion via Code Shared VQGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01931.pdf)
>  PICNet pioneered the generation of multiple and diverse results for image completion task, but it required a careful balance between $\mathcal{KL}$ loss (diversity) and reconstruction loss (quality), resulting in a limited diversity and quality . Separately, iGPT-based architecture has been employed to infer distributions in a discrete space derived from a pixel-level pre-clustered palette, which however cannot generate high-quality results directly. In this work, we present a novel framework for pluralistic image completion that can achieve both high quality and diversity at much faster inference speed. The core of our design lies in a simple yet effective code sharing mechanism that leads to a very compact yet expressive image representation in a discrete latent domain. The compactness and the richness of the representation further facilitate the subsequent deployment of a transformer to effectively learn how to composite and complete a masked image at the discrete code domain. Based on the global context well-captured by the transformer and the available visual regions, we are able to sample all tokens simultaneously, which is completely different from the prevailing autoregressive approach of iGPT-based works, and leads to more than 100$\times$ faster inference speed. Experiments show that our framework is able to learn semantically-rich discrete codes efficiently and robustly, resulting in much better image reconstruction quality. Our diverse image completion framework significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art both quantitatively and qualitatively on multiple benchmark datasets.      
### 46.Text Spotting Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01918.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present TExt Spotting TRansformers (TESTR), a generic end-to-end text spotting framework using Transformers for text detection and recognition in the wild. TESTR builds upon a single encoder and dual decoders for the joint text-box control point regression and character recognition. Other than most existing literature, our method is free from Region-of-Interest operations and heuristics-driven post-processing procedures; TESTR is particularly effective when dealing with curved text-boxes where special cares are needed for the adaptation of the traditional bounding-box representations. We show our canonical representation of control points suitable for text instances in both Bezier curve and polygon annotations. In addition, we design a bounding-box guided polygon detection (box-to-polygon) process. Experiments on curved and arbitrarily shaped datasets demonstrate state-of-the-art performances of the proposed TESTR algorithm.      
### 47.MonoTrack: Shuttle trajectory reconstruction from monocular badminton video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01899.pdf)
>  Trajectory estimation is a fundamental component of racket sport analytics, as the trajectory contains information not only about the winning and losing of each point, but also how it was won or lost. In sports such as badminton, players benefit from knowing the full 3D trajectory, as the height of shuttlecock or ball provides valuable tactical information. Unfortunately, 3D reconstruction is a notoriously hard problem, and standard trajectory estimators can only track 2D pixel coordinates. In this work, we present the first complete end-to-end system for the extraction and segmentation of 3D shuttle trajectories from monocular badminton videos. Our system integrates badminton domain knowledge such as court dimension, shot placement, physical laws of motion, along with vision-based features such as player poses and shuttle tracking. We find that significant engineering efforts and model improvements are needed to make the overall system robust, and as a by-product of our work, improve state-of-the-art results on court recognition, 2D trajectory estimation, and hit recognition.      
### 48.Truck Axle Detection with Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01868.pdf)
>  Axle count in trucks is important to the classification of vehicles and to the operation of road systems, and is used in the determination of service fees and the impact on the pavement. Although axle count can be achieved with traditional methods, such as manual labor, it is increasingly possible to count axles using deep learning and computer vision methods. This paper aims to compare three deep learning object detection algorithms, YOLO, Faster R-CNN and SSD, for the detection of truck axles. A dataset was built to provide training and testing examples for the neural networks. Training was done on different base models, to increase training time efficiency and to compare results. We evaluated results based on three metrics: mAP, F1-score, and FPS count. Results indicate that YOLO and SSD have similar accuracy and performance, with more than 96% mAP for both models. Dataset and codes are publicly available for download.      
### 49.High Efficiency Pedestrian Crossing Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01862.pdf)
>  Predicting pedestrian crossing intention is an indispensable aspect of deploying advanced driving systems (ADS) or advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) to real life. State-of-the-art methods in predicting pedestrian crossing intention often rely on multiple streams of information as inputs, each of which requires massive computational resources and heavy network architectures to generate. However, such reliance limits the practical application of the systems. In this paper, driven the the real-world demands of pedestrian crossing intention prediction models with both high efficiency and accuracy, we introduce a network with only frames of pedestrians as the input. Every component in the introduced network is driven by the goal of light weight. Specifically, we reduce the multi-source input dependency and employ light neural networks that are tailored for mobile devices. These smaller neural networks can fit into computer memory and can be transmitted over a computer network more easily, thus making them more suitable for real-life deployment and real-time prediction. To compensate the removal of the multi-source input, we enhance the network effectiveness by adopting a multi-task learning training, named "side task learning", to include multiple auxiliary tasks to jointly learn the feature extractor for improved robustness. Each head handles a specific task that potentially shares knowledge with other heads. In the meantime, the feature extractor is shared across all tasks to ensure the sharing of basic knowledge across all layers. The light weight but high efficiency characteristics of our model endow it the potential of being deployed on vehicle-based systems. Experiments validate that our model consistently delivers outstanding performances.      
### 50.Towards Infield Navigation: leveraging simulated data for crop row detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01811.pdf)
>  Agricultural datasets for crop row detection are often bound by their limited number of images. This restricts the researchers from developing deep learning based models for precision agricultural tasks involving crop row detection. We suggest the utilization of small real-world datasets along with additional data generated by simulations to yield similar crop row detection performance as that of a model trained with a large real world dataset. Our method could reach the performance of a deep learning based crop row detection model trained with real-world data by using 60% less labelled real-world data. Our model performed well against field variations such as shadows, sunlight and grow stages. We introduce an automated pipeline to generate labelled images for crop row detection in simulation domain. An extensive comparison is done to analyze the contribution of simulated data towards reaching robust crop row detection in various real-world field scenarios.      
### 51.Revisiting Near/Remote Sensing with Geospatial Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01807.pdf)
>  This work addresses the task of overhead image segmentation when auxiliary ground-level images are available. Recent work has shown that performing joint inference over these two modalities, often called near/remote sensing, can yield significant accuracy improvements. Extending this line of work, we introduce the concept of geospatial attention, a geometry-aware attention mechanism that explicitly considers the geospatial relationship between the pixels in a ground-level image and a geographic location. We propose an approach for computing geospatial attention that incorporates geometric features and the appearance of the overhead and ground-level imagery. We introduce a novel architecture for near/remote sensing that is based on geospatial attention and demonstrate its use for five segmentation tasks. The results demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms the previous state-of-the-art methods.      
### 52.Lightweight HDR Camera ISP for Robust Perception in Dynamic Illumination Conditions via Fourier Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01795.pdf)
>  The limited dynamic range of commercial compact camera sensors results in an inaccurate representation of scenes with varying illumination conditions, adversely affecting image quality and subsequently limiting the performance of underlying image processing algorithms. Current state-of-the-art (SoTA) convolutional neural networks (CNN) are developed as post-processing techniques to independently recover under-/over-exposed images. However, when applied to images containing real-world degradations such as glare, high-beam, color bleeding with varying noise intensity, these algorithms amplify the degradations, further degrading image quality. We propose a lightweight two-stage image enhancement algorithm sequentially balancing illumination and noise removal using frequency priors for structural guidance to overcome these limitations. Furthermore, to ensure realistic image quality, we leverage the relationship between frequency and spatial domain properties of an image and propose a Fourier spectrum-based adversarial framework (AFNet) for consistent image enhancement under varying illumination conditions. While current formulations of image enhancement are envisioned as post-processing techniques, we examine if such an algorithm could be extended to integrate the functionality of the Image Signal Processing (ISP) pipeline within the camera sensor benefiting from RAW sensor data and lightweight CNN architecture. Based on quantitative and qualitative evaluations, we also examine the practicality and effects of image enhancement techniques on the performance of common perception tasks such as object detection and semantic segmentation in varying illumination conditions.      
### 53.Object Permanence Emerges in a Random Walk along Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01784.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a self-supervised objective for learning representations that localize objects under occlusion - a property known as object permanence. A central question is the choice of learning signal in cases of total occlusion. Rather than directly supervising the locations of invisible objects, we propose a self-supervised objective that requires neither human annotation, nor assumptions about object dynamics. We show that object permanence can emerge by optimizing for temporal coherence of memory: we fit a Markov walk along a space-time graph of memories, where the states in each time step are non-Markovian features from a sequence encoder. This leads to a memory representation that stores occluded objects and predicts their motion, to better localize them. The resulting model outperforms existing approaches on several datasets of increasing complexity and realism, despite requiring minimal supervision and assumptions, and hence being broadly applicable.      
### 54.Face Recognition In Children: A Longitudinal Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01760.pdf)
>  The lack of high fidelity and publicly available longitudinal children face datasets is one of the main limiting factors in the development of face recognition systems for children. In this work, we introduce the Young Face Aging (YFA) dataset for analyzing the performance of face recognition systems over short age-gaps in children. We expand previous work by comparing YFA with several publicly available cross-age adult datasets to quantify the effects of short age-gap in adults and children. Our analysis confirms a statistically significant and matcher independent decaying relationship between the match scores of ArcFace-Focal, MagFace, and Facenet matchers and the age-gap between the gallery and probe images in children, even at the short age-gap of 6 months. However, our result indicates that the low verification performance reported in previous work might be due to the intra-class structure of the matcher and the lower quality of the samples. Our experiment using YFA and a state-of-the-art, quality-aware face matcher (MagFace) indicates 98.3% and 94.9% TAR at 0.1% FAR over 6 and 36 Months age-gaps, respectively, suggesting that face recognition may be feasible for children for age-gaps of up to three years.      
### 55.On Explaining Multimodal Hateful Meme Detection Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01734.pdf)
>  Hateful meme detection is a new multimodal task that has gained significant traction in academic and industry research communities. Recently, researchers have applied pre-trained visual-linguistic models to perform the multimodal classification task, and some of these solutions have yielded promising results. However, what these visual-linguistic models learn for the hateful meme classification task remains unclear. For instance, it is unclear if these models are able to capture the derogatory or slurs references in multimodality (i.e., image and text) of the hateful memes. To fill this research gap, this paper propose three research questions to improve our understanding of these visual-linguistic models performing the hateful meme classification task. We found that the image modality contributes more to the hateful meme classification task, and the visual-linguistic models are able to perform visual-text slurs grounding to a certain extent. Our error analysis also shows that the visual-linguistic models have acquired biases, which resulted in false-positive predictions.      
### 56.Lip to Speech Synthesis with Visual Context Attentional GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01726.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel lip-to-speech generative adversarial network, Visual Context Attentional GAN (VCA-GAN), which can jointly model local and global lip movements during speech synthesis. Specifically, the proposed VCA-GAN synthesizes the speech from local lip visual features by finding a mapping function of viseme-to-phoneme, while global visual context is embedded into the intermediate layers of the generator to clarify the ambiguity in the mapping induced by homophene. To achieve this, a visual context attention module is proposed where it encodes global representations from the local visual features, and provides the desired global visual context corresponding to the given coarse speech representation to the generator through audio-visual attention. In addition to the explicit modelling of local and global visual representations, synchronization learning is introduced as a form of contrastive learning that guides the generator to synthesize a speech in sync with the given input lip movements. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed VCA-GAN outperforms existing state-of-the-art and is able to effectively synthesize the speech from multi-speaker that has been barely handled in the previous works.      
### 57.Distinguishing Homophenes Using Multi-Head Visual-Audio Memory for Lip Reading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01725.pdf)
>  Recognizing speech from silent lip movement, which is called lip reading, is a challenging task due to 1) the inherent information insufficiency of lip movement to fully represent the speech, and 2) the existence of homophenes that have similar lip movement with different pronunciations. In this paper, we try to alleviate the aforementioned two challenges in lip reading by proposing a Multi-head Visual-audio Memory (MVM). Firstly, MVM is trained with audio-visual datasets and remembers audio representations by modelling the inter-relationships of paired audio-visual representations. At the inference stage, visual input alone can extract the saved audio representation from the memory by examining the learned inter-relationships. Therefore, the lip reading model can complement the insufficient visual information with the extracted audio representations. Secondly, MVM is composed of multi-head key memories for saving visual features and one value memory for saving audio knowledge, which is designed to distinguish the homophenes. With the multi-head key memories, MVM extracts possible candidate audio features from the memory, which allows the lip reading model to consider the possibility of which pronunciations can be represented from the input lip movement. This also can be viewed as an explicit implementation of the one-to-many mapping of viseme-to-phoneme. Moreover, MVM is employed in multi-temporal levels to consider the context when retrieving the memory and distinguish the homophenes. Extensive experimental results verify the effectiveness of the proposed method in lip reading and in distinguishing the homophenes.      
### 58.Convolutional Neural Networks for Image Spam Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01710.pdf)
>  Spam can be defined as unsolicited bulk email. In an effort to evade text-based filters, spammers sometimes embed spam text in an image, which is referred to as image spam. In this research, we consider the problem of image spam detection, based on image analysis. We apply convolutional neural networks (CNN) to this problem, we compare the results obtained using CNNs to other machine learning techniques, and we compare our results to previous related work. We consider both real-world image spam and challenging image spam-like datasets. Our results improve on previous work by employing CNNs based on a novel feature set consisting of a combination of the raw image and Canny edges.      
### 59.Learning Pneumatic Non-Prehensile Manipulation with a Mobile Blower  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02390.pdf)
>  We investigate pneumatic non-prehensile manipulation (i.e., blowing) as a means of efficiently moving scattered objects into a target receptacle. Due to the chaotic nature of aerodynamic forces, a blowing controller must (i) continually adapt to unexpected changes from its actions, (ii) maintain fine-grained control, since the slightest misstep can result in large unintended consequences (e.g., scatter objects already in a pile), and (iii) infer long-range plans (e.g., move the robot to strategic blowing locations). We tackle these challenges in the context of deep reinforcement learning, introducing a multi-frequency version of the spatial action maps framework. This allows for efficient learning of vision-based policies that effectively combine high-level planning and low-level closed-loop control for dynamic mobile manipulation. Experiments show that our system learns efficient behaviors for the task, demonstrating in particular that blowing achieves better downstream performance than pushing, and that our policies improve performance over baselines. Moreover, we show that our system naturally encourages emergent specialization between the different subpolicies spanning low-level fine-grained control and high-level planning. On a real mobile robot equipped with a miniature air blower, we show that our simulation-trained policies transfer well to a real environment and can generalize to novel objects.      
### 60.Learning Generalizable Dexterous Manipulation from Human Grasp Affordance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02320.pdf)
>  Dexterous manipulation with a multi-finger hand is one of the most challenging problems in robotics. While recent progress in imitation learning has largely improved the sample efficiency compared to Reinforcement Learning, the learned policy can hardly generalize to manipulate novel objects, given limited expert demonstrations. In this paper, we propose to learn dexterous manipulation using large-scale demonstrations with diverse 3D objects in a category, which are generated from a human grasp affordance model. This generalizes the policy to novel object instances within the same category. To train the policy, we propose a novel imitation learning objective jointly with a geometric representation learning objective using our demonstrations. By experimenting with relocating diverse objects in simulation, we show that our approach outperforms baselines with a large margin when manipulating novel objects. We also ablate the importance on 3D object representation learning for manipulation. We include videos, code, and additional information on the project website - <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://kristery.github.io/ILAD/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 61.iSDF: Real-Time Neural Signed Distance Fields for Robot Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02296.pdf)
>  We present iSDF, a continual learning system for real-time signed distance field (SDF) reconstruction. Given a stream of posed depth images from a moving camera, it trains a randomly initialised neural network to map input 3D coordinate to approximate signed distance. The model is self-supervised by minimising a loss that bounds the predicted signed distance using the distance to the closest sampled point in a batch of query points that are actively sampled. In contrast to prior work based on voxel grids, our neural method is able to provide adaptive levels of detail with plausible filling in of partially observed regions and denoising of observations, all while having a more compact representation. In evaluations against alternative methods on real and synthetic datasets of indoor environments, we find that iSDF produces more accurate reconstructions, and better approximations of collision costs and gradients useful for downstream planners in domains from navigation to manipulation. Code and video results can be found at our project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://joeaortiz.github.io/iSDF/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 62.Lost in Latent Space: Disentangled Models and the Challenge of Combinatorial Generalisation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02283.pdf)
>  Recent research has shown that generative models with highly disentangled representations fail to generalise to unseen combination of generative factor values. These findings contradict earlier research which showed improved performance in out-of-training distribution settings when compared to entangled representations. Additionally, it is not clear if the reported failures are due to (a) encoders failing to map novel combinations to the proper regions of the latent space or (b) novel combinations being mapped correctly but the decoder/downstream process is unable to render the correct output for the unseen combinations. We investigate these alternatives by testing several models on a range of datasets and training settings. We find that (i) when models fail, their encoders also fail to map unseen combinations to correct regions of the latent space and (ii) when models succeed, it is either because the test conditions do not exclude enough examples, or because excluded generative factors determine independent parts of the output image. Based on these results, we argue that to generalise properly, models not only need to capture factors of variation, but also understand how to invert the generative process that was used to generate the data.      
### 63.Deep Clustering via Center-Oriented Margin Free-Triplet Loss for Skin Lesion Detection in Highly Imbalanced Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02275.pdf)
>  Melanoma is a fatal skin cancer that is curable and has dramatically increasing survival rate when diagnosed at early stages. Learning-based methods hold significant promise for the detection of melanoma from dermoscopic images. However, since melanoma is a rare disease, existing databases of skin lesions predominantly contain highly imbalanced numbers of benign versus malignant samples. In turn, this imbalance introduces substantial bias in classification models due to the statistical dominance of the majority class. To address this issue, we introduce a deep clustering approach based on the latent-space embedding of dermoscopic images. Clustering is achieved using a novel center-oriented margin-free triplet loss (COM-Triplet) enforced on image embeddings from a convolutional neural network backbone. The proposed method aims to form maximally-separated cluster centers as opposed to minimizing classification error, so it is less sensitive to class imbalance. To avoid the need for labeled data, we further propose to implement COM-Triplet based on pseudo-labels generated by a Gaussian mixture model. Comprehensive experiments show that deep clustering with COM-Triplet loss outperforms clustering with triplet loss, and competing classifiers in both supervised and unsupervised settings.      
### 64.Grounding of the Functional Object-Oriented Network in Industrial Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02274.pdf)
>  In this preliminary work, we propose to design an activity recognition system that is suitable for Industrie 4.0 (I4.0) applications, especially focusing on Learning from Demonstration (LfD) in collaborative robot tasks. More precisely, we focus on the issue of data exchange between an activity recognition system and a collaborative robotic system. We propose an activity recognition system with linked data using functional object-oriented network (FOON) to facilitate industrial use cases. Initially, we drafted a FOON for our use case. Afterwards, an action is estimated by using object and hand recognition systems coupled with a recurrent neural network, which refers to FOON objects and states. Finally, the detected action is shared via a context broker using an existing linked data model, thus enabling the robotic system to interpret the action and execute it afterwards. Our initial results show that FOON can be used for an industrial use case and that we can use existing linked data models in LfD applications.      
### 65.Complex-Valued Autoencoders for Object Discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02075.pdf)
>  Object-centric representations form the basis of human perception and enable us to reason about the world and to systematically generalize to new settings. Currently, most machine learning work on unsupervised object discovery focuses on slot-based approaches, which explicitly separate the latent representations of individual objects. While the result is easily interpretable, it usually requires the design of involved architectures. In contrast to this, we propose a distributed approach to object-centric representations: the Complex AutoEncoder. Following a coding scheme theorized to underlie object representations in biological neurons, its complex-valued activations represent two messages: their magnitudes express the presence of a feature, while the relative phase differences between neurons express which features should be bound together to create joint object representations. We show that this simple and efficient approach achieves better reconstruction performance than an equivalent real-valued autoencoder on simple multi-object datasets. Additionally, we show that it achieves competitive unsupervised object discovery performance to a SlotAttention model on two datasets, and manages to disentangle objects in a third dataset where SlotAttention fails - all while being 7-70 times faster to train.      
### 66.Split Hierarchical Variational Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02071.pdf)
>  Variational autoencoders (VAEs) have witnessed great success in performing the compression of image datasets. This success, made possible by the bits-back coding framework, has produced competitive compression performance across many benchmarks. However, despite this, VAE architectures are currently limited by a combination of coding practicalities and compression ratios. That is, not only do state-of-the-art methods, such as normalizing flows, often demonstrate out-performance, but the initial bits required in coding makes single and parallel image compression challenging. To remedy this, we introduce Split Hierarchical Variational Compression (SHVC). SHVC introduces two novelties. Firstly, we propose an efficient autoregressive prior, the autoregressive sub-pixel convolution, that allows a generalisation between per-pixel autoregressions and fully factorised probability models. Secondly, we define our coding framework, the autoregressive initial bits, that flexibly supports parallel coding and avoids -- for the first time -- many of the practicalities commonly associated with bits-back coding. In our experiments, we demonstrate SHVC is able to achieve state-of-the-art compression performance across full-resolution lossless image compression tasks, with up to 100x fewer model parameters than competing VAE approaches.      
### 67.Spread Spurious Attribute: Improving Worst-group Accuracy with Spurious Attribute Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02070.pdf)
>  The paradigm of worst-group loss minimization has shown its promise in avoiding to learn spurious correlations, but requires costly additional supervision on spurious attributes. To resolve this, recent works focus on developing weaker forms of supervision -- e.g., hyperparameters discovered with a small number of validation samples with spurious attribute annotation -- but none of the methods retain comparable performance to methods using full supervision on the spurious attribute. In this paper, instead of searching for weaker supervisions, we ask: Given access to a fixed number of samples with spurious attribute annotations, what is the best achievable worst-group loss if we "fully exploit" them? To this end, we propose a pseudo-attribute-based algorithm, coined Spread Spurious Attribute (SSA), for improving the worst-group accuracy. In particular, we leverage samples both with and without spurious attribute annotations to train a model to predict the spurious attribute, then use the pseudo-attribute predicted by the trained model as supervision on the spurious attribute to train a new robust model having minimal worst-group loss. Our experiments on various benchmark datasets show that our algorithm consistently outperforms the baseline methods using the same number of validation samples with spurious attribute annotations. We also demonstrate that the proposed SSA can achieve comparable performances to methods using full (100%) spurious attribute supervision, by using a much smaller number of annotated samples -- from 0.6% and up to 1.5%, depending on the dataset.      
### 68.A Generative Deep Learning Approach to Stochastic Downscaling of Precipitation Forecasts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02028.pdf)
>  Despite continuous improvements, precipitation forecasts are still not as accurate and reliable as those of other meteorological variables. A major contributing factor to this is that several key processes affecting precipitation distribution and intensity occur below the resolved scale of global weather models. Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have been demonstrated by the computer vision community to be successful at super-resolution problems, i.e., learning to add fine-scale structure to coarse images. Leinonen et al. (2020) previously applied a GAN to produce ensembles of reconstructed high-resolution atmospheric fields, given coarsened input data. In this paper, we demonstrate this approach can be extended to the more challenging problem of increasing the accuracy and resolution of comparatively low-resolution input from a weather forecasting model, using high-resolution radar measurements as a "ground truth". The neural network must learn to add resolution and structure whilst accounting for non-negligible forecast error. We show that GANs and VAE-GANs can match the statistical properties of state-of-the-art pointwise post-processing methods whilst creating high-resolution, spatially coherent precipitation maps. Our model compares favourably to the best existing downscaling methods in both pixel-wise and pooled CRPS scores, power spectrum information and rank histograms (used to assess calibration). We test our models and show that they perform in a range of scenarios, including heavy rainfall.      
### 69.Bimodal Distributed Binarized Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.02004.pdf)
>  Binary Neural Networks (BNNs) are an extremely promising method to reduce deep neural networks' complexity and power consumption massively. Binarization techniques, however, suffer from ineligible performance degradation compared to their full-precision counterparts. <br>Prior work mainly focused on strategies for sign function approximation during forward and backward phases to reduce the quantization error during the binarization process. In this work, we propose a Bi-Modal Distributed binarization method (\methodname{}). That imposes bi-modal distribution of the network weights by kurtosis regularization. The proposed method consists of a training scheme that we call Weight Distribution Mimicking (WDM), which efficiently imitates the full-precision network weight distribution to their binary counterpart. Preserving this distribution during binarization-aware training creates robust and informative binary feature maps and significantly reduces the generalization error of the BNN. Extensive evaluations on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet demonstrate the superiority of our method over current state-of-the-art schemes. Our source code, experimental settings, training logs, and binary models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BlueAnon/BD-BNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 70.Multi-Weight Respecification of Scan-specific Learning for Parallel Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01979.pdf)
>  Parallel imaging is widely used in magnetic resonance imaging as an acceleration technology. Traditional linear reconstruction methods in parallel imaging often suffer from noise amplification. Recently, a non-linear robust artificial-neural-network for k-space interpolation (RAKI) exhibits superior noise resilience over other linear methods. However, RAKI performs poorly at high acceleration rates, and needs a large amount of autocalibration signals as the training samples. In order to tackle these issues, we propose a multi-weight method that implements multiple weighting matrices on the undersampled data, named as MW-RAKI. Enforcing multiple weighted matrices on the measurements can effectively reduce the influence of noise and increase the data constraints. Furthermore, we incorporate the strategy of multiple weighting matrixes into a residual version of RAKI, and form MW-rRAKI.Experimental compari-sons with the alternative methods demonstrated noticeably better reconstruction performances, particularly at high acceleration rates.      
### 71.Audio-visual multi-channel speech separation, dereverberation and recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01977.pdf)
>  Despite the rapid advance of automatic speech recognition (ASR) technologies, accurate recognition of cocktail party speech characterised by the interference from overlapping speakers, background noise and room reverberation remains a highly challenging task to date. Motivated by the invariance of visual modality to acoustic signal corruption, audio-visual speech enhancement techniques have been developed, although predominantly targeting overlapping speech separation and recognition tasks. In this paper, an audio-visual multi-channel speech separation, dereverberation and recognition approach featuring a full incorporation of visual information into all three stages of the system is proposed. The advantage of the additional visual modality over using audio only is demonstrated on two neural dereverberation approaches based on DNN-WPE and spectral mapping respectively. The learning cost function mismatch between the separation and dereverberation models and their integration with the back-end recognition system is minimised using fine-tuning on the MSE and LF-MMI criteria. Experiments conducted on the LRS2 dataset suggest that the proposed audio-visual multi-channel speech separation, dereverberation and recognition system outperforms the baseline audio-visual multi-channel speech separation and recognition system containing no dereverberation module by a statistically significant word error rate (WER) reduction of 2.06% absolute (8.77% relative).      
### 72.An Exploration of Active Learning for Affective Digital Phenotyping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01915.pdf)
>  Some of the most severe bottlenecks preventing widespread development of machine learning models for human behavior include a dearth of labeled training data and difficulty of acquiring high quality labels. Active learning is a paradigm for using algorithms to computationally select a useful subset of data points to label using metrics for model uncertainty and data similarity. We explore active learning for naturalistic computer vision emotion data, a particularly heterogeneous and complex data space due to inherently subjective labels. Using frames collected from gameplay acquired from a therapeutic smartphone game for children with autism, we run a simulation of active learning using gameplay prompts as metadata to aid in the active learning process. We find that active learning using information generated during gameplay slightly outperforms random selection of the same number of labeled frames. We next investigate a method to conduct active learning with subjective data, such as in affective computing, and where multiple crowdsourced labels can be acquired for each image. Using the Child Affective Facial Expression (CAFE) dataset, we simulate an active learning process for crowdsourcing many labels and find that prioritizing frames using the entropy of the crowdsourced label distribution results in lower categorical cross-entropy loss compared to random frame selection. Collectively, these results demonstrate pilot evaluations of two novel active learning approaches for subjective affective data collected in noisy settings.      
### 73.The First Principles of Deep Learning and Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01782.pdf)
>  The deep learning revolution incited by the 2012 Alexnet paper has been transformative for the field of computer vision. Many problems which were severely limited using classical solutions are now seeing unprecedented success. The rapid proliferation of deep learning methods has led to a sharp increase in their use in consumer and embedded applications. One consequence of consumer and embedded applications is lossy multimedia compression which is required to engineer the efficient storage and transmission of data in these real-world scenarios. As such, there has been increased interest in a deep learning solution for multimedia compression which would allow for higher compression ratios and increased visual quality. <br>The deep learning approach to multimedia compression, so called Learned Multimedia Compression, involves computing a compressed representation of an image or video using a deep network for the encoder and the decoder. While these techniques have enjoyed impressive academic success, their industry adoption has been essentially non-existent. Classical compression techniques like JPEG and MPEG are too entrenched in modern computing to be easily replaced. This dissertation takes an orthogonal approach and leverages deep learning to improve the compression fidelity of these classical algorithms. This allows the incredible advances in deep learning to be used for multimedia compression without threatening the ubiquity of the classical methods. <br>The key insight of this work is that methods which are motivated by first principles, i.e., the underlying engineering decisions that were made when the compression algorithms were developed, are more effective than general methods. By encoding prior knowledge into the design of the algorithm, the flexibility, performance, and/or accuracy are improved at the cost of generality...      
### 74.Feature robustness and sex differences in medical imaging: a case study in MRI-based Alzheimer's disease detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01737.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have enabled significant improvements in medical image-based disease classification. It has, however, become increasingly clear that these models are susceptible to performance degradation due to spurious correlations and dataset shifts, which may lead to underperformance on underrepresented patient groups, among other problems. In this paper, we compare two classification schemes on the ADNI MRI dataset: a very simple logistic regression model that uses manually selected volumetric features as inputs, and a convolutional neural network trained on 3D MRI data. We assess the robustness of the trained models in the face of varying dataset splits, training set sex composition, and stage of disease. In contrast to earlier work on diagnosing lung diseases based on chest x-ray data, we do not find a strong dependence of model performance for male and female test subjects on the sex composition of the training dataset. Moreover, in our analysis, the low-dimensional model with manually selected features outperforms the 3D CNN, thus emphasizing the need for automatic robust feature extraction methods and the value of manual feature specification (based on prior knowledge) for robustness.      
### 75.Tracking Urbanization in Developing Regions with Remote Sensing Spatial-Temporal Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01736.pdf)
>  Automated tracking of urban development in areas where construction information is not available became possible with recent advancements in machine learning and remote sensing. Unfortunately, these solutions perform best on high-resolution imagery, which is expensive to acquire and infrequently available, making it difficult to scale over long time spans and across large geographies. In this work, we propose a pipeline that leverages a single high-resolution image and a time series of publicly available low-resolution images to generate accurate high-resolution time series for object tracking in urban construction. Our method achieves significant improvement in comparison to baselines using single image super-resolution, and can assist in extending the accessibility and scalability of building construction tracking across the developing world.      
### 76.Transient motion classification through turbid volumes via parallelized single-photon detection and deep contrastive embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01733.pdf)
>  Fast noninvasive probing of spatially varying decorrelating events, such as cerebral blood flow beneath the human skull, is an essential task in various scientific and clinical settings. One of the primary optical techniques used is diffuse correlation spectroscopy (DCS), whose classical implementation uses a single or few single-photon detectors, resulting in poor spatial localization accuracy and relatively low temporal resolution. Here, we propose a technique termed Classifying Rapid decorrelation Events via Parallelized single photon dEtection (CREPE)}, a new form of DCS that can probe and classify different decorrelating movements hidden underneath turbid volume with high sensitivity using parallelized speckle detection from a $32\times32$ pixel SPAD array. We evaluate our setup by classifying different spatiotemporal-decorrelating patterns hidden beneath a 5mm tissue-like phantom made with rapidly decorrelating dynamic scattering media. Twelve multi-mode fibers are used to collect scattered light from different positions on the surface of the tissue phantom. To validate our setup, we generate perturbed decorrelation patterns by both a digital micromirror device (DMD) modulated at multi-kilo-hertz rates, as well as a vessel phantom containing flowing fluid. Along with a deep contrastive learning algorithm that outperforms classic unsupervised learning methods, we demonstrate our approach can accurately detect and classify different transient decorrelation events (happening in 0.1-0.4s) underneath turbid scattering media, without any data labeling. This has the potential to be applied to noninvasively monitor deep tissue motion patterns, for example identifying normal or abnormal cerebral blood flow events, at multi-Hertz rates within a compact and static detection probe.      
### 77.Analyzing the Effects of Handling Data Imbalance on Learned Features from Medical Images by Looking Into the Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01729.pdf)
>  One challenging property lurking in medical datasets is the imbalanced data distribution, where the frequency of the samples between the different classes is not balanced. Training a model on an imbalanced dataset can introduce unique challenges to the learning problem where a model is biased towards the highly frequent class. Many methods are proposed to tackle the distributional differences and the imbalanced problem. However, the impact of these approaches on the learned features is not well studied. In this paper, we look deeper into the internal units of neural networks to observe how handling data imbalance affects the learned features. We study several popular cost-sensitive approaches for handling data imbalance and analyze the feature maps of the convolutional neural networks from multiple perspectives: analyzing the alignment of salient features with pathologies and analyzing the pathology-related concepts encoded by the networks. Our study reveals differences and insights regarding the trained models that are not reflected by quantitative metrics such as AUROC and AP and show up only by looking at the models through a lens.      
### 78.Generalized Zero Shot Learning For Medical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01728.pdf)
>  In many real world medical image classification settings we do not have access to samples of all possible disease classes, while a robust system is expected to give high performance in recognizing novel test data. We propose a generalized zero shot learning (GZSL) method that uses self supervised learning (SSL) for: 1) selecting anchor vectors of different disease classes; and 2) training a feature generator. Our approach does not require class attribute vectors which are available for natural images but not for medical images. SSL ensures that the anchor vectors are representative of each class. SSL is also used to generate synthetic features of unseen classes. Using a simpler architecture, our method matches a state of the art SSL based GZSL method for natural images and outperforms all methods for medical images. Our method is adaptable enough to accommodate class attribute vectors when they are available for natural images.      
### 79.RestoreX-AI: A Contrastive Approach towards Guiding Image Restoration via Explainable AI Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01719.pdf)
>  Modern applications such as self-driving cars and drones rely heavily upon robust object detection techniques. However, weather corruptions can hinder the object detectability and pose a serious threat to their navigation and reliability. Thus, there is a need for efficient denoising, deraining, and restoration techniques. Generative adversarial networks and transformers have been widely adopted for image restoration. However, the training of these methods is often unstable and time-consuming. Furthermore, when used for object detection (OD), the output images generated by these methods may provide unsatisfactory results despite image clarity. In this work, we propose a contrastive approach towards mitigating this problem, by evaluating images generated by restoration models during and post training. This approach leverages OD scores combined with attention maps for predicting the usefulness of restored images for the OD task. We conduct experiments using two novel use-cases of conditional GANs and two transformer methods that probe the robustness of the proposed approach on multi-weather corruptions in the OD task. Our approach achieves an averaged 178 percent increase in mAP between the input and restored images under adverse weather conditions like dust tornadoes and snowfall. We report unique cases where greater denoising does not improve OD performance and conversely where noisy generated images demonstrate good results. We conclude the need for explainability frameworks to bridge the gap between human and machine perception, especially in the context of robust object detection for autonomous vehicles.      
### 80.Estimating Fine-Grained Noise Model via Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01716.pdf)
>  Image denoising has achieved unprecedented progress as great efforts have been made to exploit effective deep denoisers. To improve the denoising performance in realworld, two typical solutions are used in recent trends: devising better noise models for the synthesis of more realistic training data, and estimating noise level function to guide non-blind denoisers. In this work, we combine both noise modeling and estimation, and propose an innovative noise model estimation and noise synthesis pipeline for realistic noisy image generation. Specifically, our model learns a noise estimation model with fine-grained statistical noise model in a contrastive manner. Then, we use the estimated noise parameters to model camera-specific noise distribution, and synthesize realistic noisy training data. The most striking thing for our work is that by calibrating noise models of several sensors, our model can be extended to predict other cameras. In other words, we can estimate cameraspecific noise models for unknown sensors with only testing images, without laborious calibration frames or paired noisy/clean data. The proposed pipeline endows deep denoisers with competitive performances with state-of-the-art real noise modeling methods.      
### 81.Exemplar Learning for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01713.pdf)
>  Medical image annotation typically requires expert knowledge and hence incurs time-consuming and expensive data annotation costs. To reduce this burden, we propose a novel learning scenario, Exemplar Learning (EL), to explore automated learning processes for medical image segmentation from a single annotated image example. This innovative learning task is particularly suitable for medical image segmentation, where all categories of organs can be presented in one single image for annotation all at once. To address this challenging EL task, we propose an Exemplar Learning-based Synthesis Net (ELSNet) framework for medical image segmentation that enables innovative exemplar-based data synthesis, pixel-prototype based contrastive embedding learning, and pseudo-label based exploitation of the unlabeled data. Specifically, ELSNet introduces two new modules for image segmentation: an exemplar-guided synthesis module, which enriches and diversifies the training set by synthesizing annotated samples from the given exemplar, and a pixel-prototype based contrastive embedding module, which enhances the discriminative capacity of the base segmentation model via contrastive self-supervised learning. Moreover, we deploy a two-stage process for segmentation model training, which exploits the unlabeled data with predicted pseudo segmentation labels. To evaluate this new learning framework, we conduct extensive experiments on several organ segmentation datasets and present an in-depth analysis. The empirical results show that the proposed exemplar learning framework produces effective segmentation results.      
### 82.Histogram of Oriented Gradients Meet Deep Learning: A Novel Multi-task Deep Network for Medical Image Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01712.pdf)
>  We present our novel deep multi-task learning method for medical image segmentation. Existing multi-task methods demand ground truth annotations for both the primary and auxiliary tasks. Contrary to it, we propose to generate the pseudo-labels of an auxiliary task in an unsupervised manner. To generate the pseudo-labels, we leverage Histogram of Oriented Gradients (HOGs), one of the most widely used and powerful hand-crafted features for detection. Together with the ground truth semantic segmentation masks for the primary task and pseudo-labels for the auxiliary task, we learn the parameters of the deep network to minimise the loss of both the primary task and the auxiliary task jointly. We employed our method on two powerful and widely used semantic segmentation networks: UNet and U2Net to train in a multi-task setup. To validate our hypothesis, we performed experiments on two different medical image segmentation data sets. From the extensive quantitative and qualitative results, we observe that our method consistently improves the performance compared to the counter-part method. Moreover, our method is the winner of FetReg Endovis Sub-challenge on Semantic Segmentation organised in conjunction with MICCAI 2021.      
### 83.Single Image Internal Distribution Measurement Using Non-Local Variational Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01711.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based super-resolution methods have shown great promise, especially for single image super-resolution (SISR) tasks. Despite the performance gain, these methods are limited due to their reliance on copious data for model training. In addition, supervised SISR solutions rely on local neighbourhood information focusing only on the feature learning processes for the reconstruction of low-dimensional images. Moreover, they fail to capitalize on global context due to their constrained receptive field. To combat these challenges, this paper proposes a novel image-specific solution, namely non-local variational autoencoder (\texttt{NLVAE}), to reconstruct a high-resolution (HR) image from a single low-resolution (LR) image without the need for any prior training. To harvest maximum details for various receptive regions and high-quality synthetic images, \texttt{NLVAE} is introduced as a self-supervised strategy that reconstructs high-resolution images using disentangled information from the non-local neighbourhood. Experimental results from seven benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the \texttt{NLVAE} model. Moreover, our proposed model outperforms a number of baseline and state-of-the-art methods as confirmed through extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations.      
### 84.Forestry digital twin with machine learning in Landsat 7 data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01709.pdf)
>  Modeling forests using historical data allows for more accurately evolution analysis, thus providing an important basis for other studies. As a recognized and effective tool, remote sensing plays an important role in forestry analysis. We can use it to derive information about the forest, including tree type, coverage and canopy density. There are many forest time series modeling studies using statistic values, but few using remote sensing images. Image prediction digital twin is an implementation of digital twin, which aims to predict future images bases on historical data. In this paper, we propose an LSTM-based digital twin approach for forest modeling, using Landsat 7 remote sensing image within 20 years. The experimental results show that the prediction twin method in this paper can effectively predict the future images of study area.      
### 85.MRI-based Multi-task Decoupling Learning for Alzheimer's Disease Detection and MMSE Score Prediction: A Multi-site Validation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01708.pdf)
>  Accurately detecting Alzheimer's disease (AD) and predicting mini-mental state examination (MMSE) score are important tasks in elderly health by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Most of the previous methods on these two tasks are based on single-task learning and rarely consider the correlation between them. Since the MMSE score, which is an important basis for AD diagnosis, can also reflect the progress of cognitive impairment, some studies have begun to apply multi-task learning methods to these two tasks. However, how to exploit feature correlation remains a challenging problem for these methods. To comprehensively address this challenge, we propose a MRI-based multi-task decoupled learning method for AD detection and MMSE score prediction. First, a multi-task learning network is proposed to implement AD detection and MMSE score prediction, which exploits feature correlation by adding three multi-task interaction layers between the backbones of the two tasks. Each multi-task interaction layer contains two feature decoupling modules and one feature interaction module. Furthermore, to enhance the generalization between tasks of the features selected by the feature decoupling module, we propose the feature consistency loss constrained feature decoupling module. Finally, in order to exploit the specific distribution information of MMSE score in different groups, a distribution loss is proposed to further enhance the model performance. We evaluate our proposed method on multi-site datasets. Experimental results show that our proposed multi-task decoupled representation learning method achieves good performance, outperforming single-task learning and other existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 86.Data and Physics Driven Learning Models for Fast MRI -- Fundamentals and Methodologies from CNN, GAN to Attention and Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01706.pdf)
>  Research studies have shown no qualms about using data driven deep learning models for downstream tasks in medical image analysis, e.g., anatomy segmentation and lesion detection, disease diagnosis and prognosis, and treatment planning. However, deep learning models are not the sovereign remedy for medical image analysis when the upstream imaging is not being conducted properly (with artefacts). This has been manifested in MRI studies, where the scanning is typically slow, prone to motion artefacts, with a relatively low signal to noise ratio, and poor spatial and/or temporal resolution. Recent studies have witnessed substantial growth in the development of deep learning techniques for propelling fast MRI. This article aims to (1) introduce the deep learning based data driven techniques for fast MRI including convolutional neural network and generative adversarial network based methods, (2) survey the attention and transformer based models for speeding up MRI reconstruction, and (3) detail the research in coupling physics and data driven models for MRI acceleration. Finally, we will demonstrate through a few clinical applications, explain the importance of data harmonisation and explainable models for such fast MRI techniques in multicentre and multi-scanner studies, and discuss common pitfalls in current research and recommendations for future research directions.      
### 87.Personalized Prediction of Future Lesion Activity and Treatment Effect in Multiple Sclerosis from Baseline MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01702.pdf)
>  Precision medicine for chronic diseases such as multiple sclerosis (MS) involves choosing a treatment which best balances efficacy and side effects/preferences for individual patients. Making this choice as early as possible is important, as delays in finding an effective therapy can lead to irreversible disability accrual. To this end, we present the first deep neural network model for individualized treatment decisions from baseline magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) (with clinical information if available) for MS patients. Our model (a) predicts future new and enlarging T2 weighted (NE-T2) lesion counts on follow-up MRI on multiple treatments and (b) estimates the conditional average treatment effect (CATE), as defined by the predicted future suppression of NE-T2 lesions, between different treatment options relative to placebo. Our model is validated on a proprietary federated dataset of 1817 multi-sequence MRIs acquired from MS patients during four multi-centre randomized clinical trials. Our framework achieves high average precision in the binarized regression of future NE-T2 lesions on five different treatments, identifies heterogeneous treatment effects, and provides a personalized treatment recommendation that accounts for treatment-associated risk (e.g. side effects, patient preference, administration difficulties).      
### 88.QuadraLib: A Performant Quadratic Neural Network Library for Architecture Optimization and Design Exploration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01701.pdf)
>  The significant success of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) is highly promoted by the multiple sophisticated DNN libraries. On the contrary, although some work have proved that Quadratic Deep Neuron Networks (QDNNs) show better non-linearity and learning capability than the first-order DNNs, their neuron design suffers certain drawbacks from theoretical performance to practical deployment. In this paper, we first proposed a new QDNN neuron architecture design, and further developed QuadraLib, a QDNN library to provide architecture optimization and design exploration for QDNNs. Extensive experiments show that our design has good performance regarding prediction accuracy and computation consumption on multiple learning tasks.      
### 89.Revisiting Document Image Dewarping by Grid Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.16850.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of document image dewarping, which aims at eliminating the geometric distortion in document images for document digitization. Instead of designing a better neural network to approximate the optical flow fields between the inputs and outputs, we pursue the best readability by taking the text lines and the document boundaries into account from a constrained optimization perspective. Specifically, our proposed method first learns the boundary points and the pixels in the text lines and then follows the most simple observation that the boundaries and text lines in both horizontal and vertical directions should be kept after dewarping to introduce a novel grid regularization scheme. To obtain the final forward mapping for dewarping, we solve an optimization problem with our proposed grid regularization. The experiments comprehensively demonstrate that our proposed approach outperforms the prior arts by large margins in terms of readability (with the metrics of Character Errors Rate and the Edit Distance) while maintaining the best image quality on the publicly-available DocUNet benchmark.      
