# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 5 Sep 2019
### 1.Beyond Photo Realism for Domain Adaptation from Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01960.pdf)
>  As synthetic imagery is used more frequently in training deep models, it is important to understand how different synthesis techniques impact the performance of such models. In this work, we perform a thorough evaluation of the effectiveness of several different synthesis techniques and their impact on the complexity of classifier domain adaptation to the "real" underlying data distribution that they seek to replicate. In addition, we propose a novel learned synthesis technique to better train classifier models than state-of-the-art offline graphical methods, while using significantly less computational resources. We accomplish this by learning a generative model to perform shading of synthetic geometry conditioned on a "g-buffer" representation of the scene to render, as well as a low sample Monte Carlo rendered image. The major contributions are (i) a dataset that allows comparison of real and synthetic versions of the same scene, (ii) an augmented data representation that boosts the stability of learning and improves the datasets accuracy, (iii) three different partially differentiable rendering techniques where lighting, denoising and shading are learned, and (iv) we improve a state of the art generative adversarial network (GAN) approach by using an ensemble of trained models to generate datasets that approach the performance of training on real data and surpass the performance of the full global illumination rendering. 
### 2.Dense Extreme Inception Network: Towards a Robust CNN Model for Edge Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01955.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a Deep Learning based edge detector, which is inspired on both HED (Holistically-Nested Edge Detection) and Xception networks. The proposed approach generates thin edge-maps that are plausible for human eyes; it can be used in any edge detection task without previous training or fine tuning process. As a second contribution, a large dataset with carefully annotated edges has been generated. This dataset has been used for training the proposed approach as well as the state-of-the-art algorithms for comparisons. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations have been performed on different benchmarks showing improvements with the proposed method when F-measure of ODS and OIS are considered. 
### 3.EleAtt-RNN: Adding Attentiveness to Neurons in Recurrent Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01939.pdf)
>  Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) are capable of modeling temporal dependencies of complex sequential data. In general, current available structures of RNNs tend to concentrate on controlling the contributions of current and previous information. However, the exploration of different importance levels of different elements within an input vector is always ignored. We propose a simple yet effective Element-wise-Attention Gate (EleAttG), which can be easily added to an RNN block (e.g. all RNN neurons in an RNN layer), to empower the RNN neurons to have attentiveness capability. For an RNN block, an EleAttG is used for adaptively modulating the input by assigning different levels of importance, i.e., attention, to each element/dimension of the input. We refer to an RNN block equipped with an EleAttG as an EleAtt-RNN block. Instead of modulating the input as a whole, the EleAttG modulates the input at fine granularity, i.e., element-wise, and the modulation is content adaptive. The proposed EleAttG, as an additional fundamental unit, is general and can be applied to any RNN structures, e.g., standard RNN, Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), or Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU). We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed EleAtt-RNN by applying it to different tasks including the action recognition, from both skeleton-based data and RGB videos, gesture recognition, and sequential MNIST classification. Experiments show that adding attentiveness through EleAttGs to RNN blocks significantly improves the power of RNNs. 
### 4.Let's agree to disagree: learning highly debatable multirater labelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01891.pdf)
>  Classification and differentiation of small pathological objects may greatly vary among human raters due to differences in training, expertise and their consistency over time. In a radiological setting, objects commonly have high within-class appearance variability whilst sharing certain characteristics across different classes, making their distinction even more difficult. As an example, markers of cerebral small vessel disease, such as enlarged perivascular spaces (EPVS) and lacunes, can be very varied in their appearance while exhibiting high inter-class similarity, making this task highly challenging for human raters. In this work, we investigate joint models of individual rater behaviour and multirater consensus in a deep learning setting, and apply it to a brain lesion object-detection task. Results show that jointly modelling both individual and consensus estimates leads to significant improvements in performance when compared to directly predicting consensus labels, while also allowing the characterization of human-rater consistency. 
### 5.3D Bounding Box Estimation for Autonomous Vehicles by Cascaded Geometric Constraints and Depurated 2D Detections Using 3D Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01867.pdf)
>  3D object detection is one of the most important tasks in 3D vision perceptual system of autonomous vehicles. In this paper, we propose a novel two stage 3D object detection method aimed at get the optimal solution of object location in 3D space based on regressing two additional 3D object properties by a deep convolutional neural network and combined with cascaded geometric constraints between the 2D and 3D boxes. First, we modify the existing 3D properties regressing network by adding two additional components, viewpoints classification and the center projection of the 3D bounding box s bottom face. Second, we use the predicted center projection combined with similar triangle constraint to acquire an initial 3D bounding box by a closed-form solution. Then, the location predicted by previous step is used as the initial value of the over-determined equations constructed by 2D and 3D boxes fitting constraint with the configuration determined with the classified viewpoint. Finally, we use the recovered physical world information by the 3D detections to filter out the false detection and false alarm in 2D detections. We compare our method with the state-of-the-arts on the KITTI dataset show that although conceptually simple, our method outperforms more complex and computational expensive methods not only by improving the overall precision of 3D detections, but also increasing the orientation estimation precision. Furthermore our method can deal with the truncated objects to some extent and remove the false alarm and false detections in both 2D and 3D detections. 
### 6.Rethinking the Number of Channels for the Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01861.pdf)
>  Latest algorithms for automatic neural architecture search perform remarkable but few of them can effectively design the number of channels for convolutional neural networks and consume less computational efforts. In this paper, we propose a method for efficient automatic architecture search which is special to the widths of networks instead of the connections of neural architecture. Our method, functionally incremental search based on function-preserving, will explore the number of channels rapidly while controlling the number of parameters of the target network. On CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 classification, our method using minimal computational resources (0.4~1.3 GPU-days) can discover more efficient rules of the widths of networks to improve the accuracy by about 0.5% on CIFAR-10 and a~2.33% on CIFAR-100 with fewer number of parameters. In particular, our method is suitable for exploring the number of channels of almost any convolutional neural network rapidly. 
### 7.Visual Question Answering using Deep Learning: A Survey and Performance Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01860.pdf)
>  The Visual Question Answering (VQA) task combines challenges for processing data with both Visual and Linguistic processing, to answer basic `common sense' questions about given images. Given an image and a question in natural language, the VQA system tries to find the correct answer to it using visual elements of the image and inference gathered from textual questions. In this survey, we cover and discuss the recent datasets released in the VQA domain dealing with various types of question-formats and enabling robustness of the machine-learning models. Next, we discuss about new deep learning models that have shown promising results over the VQA datasets. At the end, we present and discuss some of the results computed by us over the vanilla VQA models, Stacked Attention Network and the VQA Challenge 2017 winner model. We also provide the detailed analysis along with the challenges and future research directions. 
### 8.'Skimming-Perusal' Tracking: A Framework for Real-Time and Robust Long-term Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01840.pdf)
>  Compared with traditional short-term tracking, long-term tracking poses more challenges and is much closer to realistic applications. However, few works have been done and their performance have also been limited. In this work, we present a novel robust and real-time long-term tracking framework based on the proposed skimming and perusal modules. The perusal module consists of an effective bounding box regressor to generate a series of candidate proposals and a robust target verifier to infer the optimal candidate with its confidence score. Based on this score, our tracker determines whether the tracked object being present or absent, and then chooses the tracking strategies of local search or global search respectively in the next frame. To speed up the image-wide global search, a novel skimming module is designed to efficiently choose the most possible regions from a large number of sliding windows. Numerous experimental results on the VOT-2018 long-term and OxUvA long-term benchmarks demonstrate that the proposed method achieves the best performance and runs in real-time. The source codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/iiau-tracker/SPLT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 9.PISEP^2: Pseudo Image Sequence Evolution based 3D Pose Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01818.pdf)
>  Pose prediction is to predict future poses given a window of previous poses. In this paper, we propose a new problem that predicts poses using 3D joint coordinate sequences. Different from the traditional pose prediction based on Mocap frames, this problem is convenient to use in real applications due to its simple sensors to capture data. We also present a new framework, PISEP^2 (Pseudo Image Sequence Evolution based 3D Pose Prediction), to address this new problem. Specifically, a skeletal representation is proposed by transforming the joint coordinate sequence into an image sequence, which can model the different correlations of different joints. With this image based skeletal representation, we model the pose prediction as the evolution of image sequence. Moreover, a novel inference network is proposed to predict all future poses in one step by decoupling the decoders in a non-recursive manner. Compared with the recursive sequence to sequence model, we can improve the computational efficiency and avoid error accumulation significantly. Extensive experiments are carried out on two benchmark datasets (e.g. G3D and FNTU). The proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on both datasets, which demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed method. 
### 10.3D Morphable Face Models -- Past, Present and Future  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01815.pdf)
>  In this paper, we provide a detailed survey of 3D Morphable Face Models over the 20 years since they were first proposed. The challenges in building and applying these models, namely capture, modeling, image formation, and image analysis, are still active research topics, and we review the state-of-the-art in each of these areas. We also look ahead, identifying unsolved challenges, proposing directions for future research and highlighting the broad range of current and future applications. 
### 11.Video Affective Effects Prediction with Multi-modal Fusion and Shot-Long Temporal Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01763.pdf)
>  Predicting the emotional impact of videos using machine learning is a challenging task considering the varieties of modalities, the complicated temporal contex of the video as well as the time dependency of the emotional states. Feature extraction, multi-modal fusion and temporal context fusion are crucial stages for predicting valence and arousal values in the emotional impact, but have not been successfully exploited. In this paper, we propose a comprehensive framework with novel designs of modal structure and multi-modal fusion strategy. We select the most suitable modalities for valence and arousal tasks respectively and each modal feature is extracted using the modality-specific pre-trained deep model on large generic dataset. Two-time-scale structures, one for the intra-clip and the other for the inter-clip, are proposed to capture the temporal dependency of video content and emotion states. To combine the complementary information from multiple modalities, an effective and efficient residual-based progressive training strategy is proposed. Each modality is step-wisely combined into the multi-modal model, responsible for completing the missing parts of features. With all those improvements above, our proposed prediction framework achieves better performance on the LIRIS-ACCEDE dataset with a large margin compared to the state-of-the-art. 
### 12.An Efficient and Layout-Independent Automatic License Plate Recognition System Based on the YOLO detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01754.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an efficient and layout-independent Automatic License Plate Recognition (ALPR) system based on the state-of-the-art YOLO object detector that contains a unified approach for license plate (LP) detection and layout classification to improve the recognition results using post-processing rules. The system is conceived by evaluating and optimizing different models with various modifications, aiming at achieving the best speed/accuracy trade-off at each stage. The networks are trained using images from several datasets, with the addition of various data augmentation techniques, so that they are robust under different conditions. The proposed system achieved an average end-to-end recognition rate of 96.8% across eight public datasets (from five different regions) used in the experiments, outperforming both previous works and commercial systems in the ChineseLP, OpenALPR-EU, SSIG-SegPlate and UFPR-ALPR datasets. In the other datasets, the proposed approach achieved competitive results to those attained by the baselines. Our system also achieved impressive frames per second (FPS) rates on a high-end GPU, being able to perform in real time even when there are four vehicles in the scene. An additional contribution is that we manually labeled 38,334 bounding boxes on 6,237 images from public datasets and made the annotations publicly available to the research community. 
### 13.PASS3D: Precise and Accelerated Semantic Segmentation for 3D Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01643.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose PASS3D to achieve point-wise semantic segmentation for 3D point cloud. Our framework combines the efficiency of traditional geometric methods with robustness of deep learning methods, consisting of two stages: At stage-1, our accelerated cluster proposal algorithm will generate refined cluster proposals by segmenting point clouds without ground, capable of generating less redundant proposals with higher recall in an extremely short time; stage-2 we will amplify and further process these proposals by a neural network to estimate semantic label for each point and meanwhile propose a novel data augmentation method to enhance the network's recognition capability for all categories especially for non-rigid objects. Evaluated on KITTI raw dataset, PASS3D stands out against the state-of-the-art on some results, making itself competent to 3D perception in autonomous driving system. Our source code will be open-sourced. A video demonstration is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cukEqDuP_Qw" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 14.SSAP: Single-Shot Instance Segmentation With Affinity Pyramid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01616.pdf)
>  Recently, proposal-free instance segmentation has received increasing attention due to its concise and efficient pipeline. Generally, proposal-free methods generate instance-agnostic semantic segmentation labels and instance-aware features to group pixels into different object instances. However, previous methods mostly employ separate modules for these two sub-tasks and require multiple passes for inference. We argue that treating these two sub-tasks separately is suboptimal. In fact, employing multiple separate modules significantly reduces the potential for application. The mutual benefits between the two complementary sub-tasks are also unexplored. To this end, this work proposes a single-shot proposal-free instance segmentation method that requires only one single pass for prediction. Our method is based on a pixel-pair affinity pyramid, which computes the probability that two pixels belong to the same instance in a hierarchical manner. The affinity pyramid can also be jointly learned with the semantic class labeling and achieve mutual benefits. Moreover, incorporating with the learned affinity pyramid, a novel cascaded graph partition module is presented to sequentially generate instances from coarse to fine. Unlike previous time-consuming graph partition methods, this module achieves $5\times$ speedup and 9% relative improvement on Average-Precision (AP). Our approach achieves state-of-the-art results on the challenging Cityscapes dataset. 
### 15.Bidirectional One-Shot Unsupervised Domain Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01595.pdf)
>  We study the problem of mapping between a domain $A$, in which there is a single training sample and a domain $B$, for which we have a richer training set. The method we present is able to perform this mapping in both directions. For example, we can transfer all MNIST images to the visual domain captured by a single SVHN image and transform the SVHN image to the domain of the MNIST images. Our method is based on employing one encoder and one decoder for each domain, without utilizing weight sharing. The autoencoder of the single sample domain is trained to match both this sample and the latent space of domain $B$. Our results demonstrate convincing mapping between domains, where either the source or the target domain are defined by a single sample, far surpassing existing solutions. Our code is made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tomercohen11/BiOST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 16.Functional Asplund's metrics for pattern matching robust to variable lighting conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01585.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a complete framework to process images captured under uncontrolled lighting and especially under low lighting. By taking advantage of the Logarithmic Image Processing (LIP) context, we study two novel functional metrics: i) the LIP-multiplicative Asplund's metric which is robust to object absorption variations and ii) the LIP-additive Asplund's metric which is robust to variations of source intensity and exposure-time. We introduce robust to noise versions of these metrics. We demonstrate that the maps of their corresponding distances between an image and a reference template are linked to Mathematical Morphology. This facilitates their implementation. We assess them in various situations with different lightings and movements. Results show that those maps of distances are robust to lighting variations. Importantly, they are efficient to detect patterns in low-contrast images with a template acquired under a different lighting. 
### 17.Aerial multi-object tracking by detection using deep association networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01547.pdf)
>  A lot a research is focused on object detection and it has achieved significant advances with deep learning techniques in recent years. Inspite of the existing research, these algorithms are not usually optimal for dealing with sequences or images captured by drone-based platforms, due to various challenges such as view point change, scales, density of object distribution and occlusion. In this paper, we develop a model for detection of objects in drone images using the VisDrone2019 DET dataset. Using the RetinaNet model as our base, we modify the anchor scales to better handle the detection of dense distribution and small size of the objects. We explicitly model the channel interdependencies by using "Squeeze-and-Excitation" (SE) blocks that adaptively recalibrates channel-wise feature responses. This helps to bring significant improvements in performance at a slight additional computational cost. Using this architecture for object detection, we build a custom DeepSORT network for object detection on the VisDrone2019 MOT dataset by training a custom Deep Association network for the algorithm. 
### 18.Snowball: Iterative Model Evolution and Confident Sample Discovery for Semi-Supervised Learning on Very Small Labeled Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01542.pdf)
>  In this work, we develop a joint sample discovery and iterative model evolution method for semi-supervised learning on very small labeled training sets. We propose a master-teacher-student model framework to provide multi-layer guidance during the model evolution process with multiple iterations and generations. The teacher model is constructed by performing an exponential moving average of the student models obtained from past training steps. The master network combines the knowledge of the student and teacher models with additional access to newly discovered samples. The master and teacher models are then used to guide the training of the student network by enforcing the consistence between their predictions of unlabeled samples and evolve all models when more and more samples are discovered. Our extensive experiments demonstrate that the discovering confident samples from the unlabeled dataset, once coupled with the above master-teacher-student network evolution, can significantly improve the overall semi-supervised learning performance. For example, on the CIFAR-10 dataset, with a very small set of 250 labeled samples, our method achieves an error rate of 11.81 %, more than 38 % lower than the state-of-the-art method Mean-Teacher (49.91 %). 
### 19.Deep Morphological Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01532.pdf)
>  Mathematical morphology is a theory and technique to collect features like geometric and topological structures in digital images. Given a target image, determining suitable morphological operations and structuring elements is a cumbersome and time-consuming task. In this paper, a morphological neural network is proposed to address this problem. Serving as a nonlinear feature extracting layer in deep learning frameworks, the efficiency of the proposed morphological layer is confirmed analytically and empirically. With a known target, a single-filter morphological layer learns the structuring element correctly, and an adaptive layer can automatically select appropriate morphological operations. For practical applications, the proposed morphological neural networks are tested on several classification datasets related to shape or geometric image features, and the experimental results have confirmed the high computational efficiency and high accuracy. 
### 20.Holistic++ Scene Understanding: Single-view 3D Holistic Scene Parsing and Human Pose Estimation with Human-Object Interaction and Physical Commonsense  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01507.pdf)
>  We propose a new 3D holistic++ scene understanding problem, which jointly tackles two tasks from a single-view image: (i) holistic scene parsing and reconstruction---3D estimations of object bounding boxes, camera pose, and room layout, and (ii) 3D human pose estimation. The intuition behind is to leverage the coupled nature of these two tasks to improve the granularity and performance of scene understanding. We propose to exploit two critical and essential connections between these two tasks: (i) human-object interaction (HOI) to model the fine-grained relations between agents and objects in the scene, and (ii) physical commonsense to model the physical plausibility of the reconstructed scene. The optimal configuration of the 3D scene, represented by a parse graph, is inferred using Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC), which efficiently traverses through the non-differentiable joint solution space. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm significantly improves the performance of the two tasks on three datasets, showing an improved generalization ability. 
### 21.Iterative Clustering with Game-Theoretic Matching for Robust Multi-consistency Correspondence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01497.pdf)
>  Matching corresponding features between two images is a fundamental task to computer vision with numerous applications in object recognition, robotics, and 3D reconstruction. Current state of the art in image feature matching has focused on establishing a single consistency in static scenes; by contrast, finding multiple consistencies in dynamic scenes has been under-researched. In this paper, we present an end-to-end optimization framework named "iterative clustering with Game-Theoretic Matching" (ic-GTM) for robust multi-consistency correspondence. The key idea is to formulate multi-consistency matching as a generalized clustering problem for an image pair. In our formulation, several local matching games are simultaneously carried out in different corresponding block pairs under the guidance of a novel payoff function consisting of both geometric and descriptive compatibility; the global matching results are further iteratively refined by clustering and thresholding with respect to a payoff matrix. We also propose three new metrics for evaluating the performance of multi-consistency image feature matching. Extensive experimental results have shown that the proposed framework significantly outperforms previous state-of-the-art approaches on both singleconsistency and multi-consistency datasets. 
### 22.Multi-level Attention network using text, audio and video for Depression Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01417.pdf)
>  Depression has been the leading cause of mental-health illness worldwide. Major depressive disorder (MDD), is a common mental health disorder that affects both psychologically as well as physically which could lead to loss of lives. Due to the lack of diagnostic tests and subjectivity involved in detecting depression, there is a growing interest in using behavioural cues to automate depression diagnosis and stage prediction. The absence of labelled behavioural datasets for such problems and the huge amount of variations possible in behaviour makes the problem more challenging. This paper presents a novel multi-level attention based network for multi-modal depression prediction that fuses features from audio, video and text modalities while learning the intra and inter modality relevance. The multi-level attention reinforces overall learning by selecting the most influential features within each modality for the decision making. We perform exhaustive experimentation to create different regression models for audio, video and text modalities. Several fusions models with different configurations are constructed to understand the impact of each feature and modality. We outperform the current baseline by 17.52% in terms of root mean squared error. 
### 23.The ML-EM algorithm in continuum: sparse measure solutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01966.pdf)
>  Linear inverse problems $A \mu = \delta$ with Poisson noise and non-negative unknown $\mu \geq 0$ are ubiquitous in applications, for instance in Positron Emission Tomography (PET) in medical imaging. The associated maximum likelihood problem is routinely solved using an expectation-maximisation algorithm (ML-EM). This typically results in images which look spiky, even with early stopping. We give an explanation for this phenomenon. We first regard the image $\mu$ as a measure. We prove that if the measurements $\delta$ are not in the cone $\{A \mu, \mu \geq 0\}$, which is typical of short exposure times, likelihood maximisers as well as ML-EM cluster points must be sparse, i.e., typically a sum of point masses. On the other hand, in the long exposure regime, we prove that cluster points of ML-EM will be measures without singular part. Finally, we provide concentration bounds for the probability to be in the sparse case. 
### 24.Self-Attentive Adversarial Stain Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01963.pdf)
>  Hematoxylin and Eosin (H&amp;E) stained Whole Slide Images (WSIs) are utilized for biopsy visualization-based diagnostic and prognostic assessment of diseases. Variation in the H&amp;E staining process across different lab sites can lead to significant variations in biopsy image appearance. These variations introduce an undesirable bias when the slides are examined by pathologists or used for training deep learning models. To reduce this bias, slides need to be translated to a common domain of stain appearance before analysis. We propose a Self-Attentive Adversarial Stain Normalization (SAASN) approach for the normalization of multiple stain appearances to a common domain. This unsupervised generative adversarial approach includes self-attention mechanism for synthesizing images with finer detail while preserving the structural consistency of the biopsy features during translation. SAASN demonstrates consistent and superior performance compared to other popular stain normalization techniques on H&amp;E stained duodenal biopsy image data. 
### 25.Can we trust deep learning models diagnosis? The impact of domain shift in chest radiograph classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01940.pdf)
>  While deep learning models become more widespread, their ability to handle unseen data and generalize for any scenario is yet to be challenged. In medical imaging, there is a high heterogeneity of distributions among images based on the equipment that generate them and their parametrization. This heterogeneity triggers a common issue in machine learning called domain shift, which represents the difference between the training data distribution and the distribution of where a model is employed. A high domain shift tends to implicate in a poor performance from models. In this work, we evaluate the extent of domain shift on three of the largest datasets of chest radiographs. We show how training and testing with different datasets (e.g. training in ChestX-ray14 and testing in CheXpert) drastically affects model performance, posing a big question over the reliability of deep learning models. 
### 26.Optimal translational-rotational invariant dictionaries for images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01887.pdf)
>  We provide the construction of a set of square matrices whose translates and rotates provide a Parseval frame that is optimal for approximating a given dataset of images. Our approach is based on abstract harmonic analysis techniques. Optimality is considered with respect to the quadratic error of approximation of the images in the dataset with their projection onto a linear subspace that is invariant under translations and rotations. In addition, we provide an elementary and fully self-contained proof of optimality, and the numerical results from datasets of natural images. 
### 27.Help, Anna! Visual Navigation with Natural Multimodal Assistance via Retrospective Curiosity-Encouraging Imitation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01871.pdf)
>  Mobile agents that can leverage help from humans can potentially accomplish more complex tasks than they could entirely on their own. We develop "Help, Anna!" (HANNA), an interactive photo-realistic simulator in which an agent fulfills object-finding tasks by requesting and interpreting natural languageand-vision assistance. An agent solving tasks in a HANNA environment can leverage simulated human assistants, called ANNA (Automatic Natural Navigation Assistants), which, upon request, provide natural language and visual instructions to direct the agent towards the goals. To address the HANNA problem, we develop a memory-augmented neural agent that hierarchically models multiple levels of decision-making, and an imitation learning algorithm that teaches the agent to avoid repeating past mistakes while simultaneously predicting its own chances of making future progress. Empirically, our approach is able to ask for help more effectively than competitive baselines and, thus, attains higher task success rate on both previously seen and previously unseen environments. We publicly release code and data at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/khanhptnk/hanna" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 28.Dual Student: Breaking the Limits of the Teacher in Semi-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01804.pdf)
>  Recently, consistency-based methods have achieved state-of-the-art results in semi-supervised learning (SSL). These methods always involve two roles, an explicit or implicit teacher model and a student model, and penalize predictions under different perturbations by a consistency constraint. However, the weights of these two roles are tightly coupled since the teacher is essentially an exponential moving average (EMA) of the student. In this work, we show that the coupled EMA teacher causes a performance bottleneck. To address this problem, we introduce Dual Student, which replaces the teacher with another student. We also define a novel concept, stable sample, following which a stabilization constraint is designed for our structure to be trainable. Further, we discuss two variants of our method, which produce even higher performance. Extensive experiments show that our method improves the classification performance significantly on several main SSL benchmarks. Specifically, it reduces the error rate of the 13-layer CNN from 16.84% to 12.39% on CIFAR-10 with 1k labels and from 34.10% to 31.56% on CIFAR-100 with 10k labels. In addition, our method also achieves a clear improvement in domain adaptation. 
### 29.Analysis of SparseHash: an efficient embedding of set-similarity via sparse projections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01802.pdf)
>  Embeddings provide compact representations of signals in order to perform efficient inference in a wide variety of tasks. In particular, random projections are common tools to construct Euclidean distance-preserving embeddings, while hashing techniques are extensively used to embed set-similarity metrics, such as the Jaccard coefficient. In this letter, we theoretically prove that a class of random projections based on sparse matrices, called SparseHash, can preserve the Jaccard coefficient between the supports of sparse signals, which can be used to estimate set similarities. Moreover, besides the analysis, we provide an efficient implementation and we test the performance in several numerical experiments, both on synthetic and real datasets. 
### 30.Distance transform regression for spatially-aware deep semantic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01671.pdf)
>  Understanding visual scenes relies more and more on dense pixel-wise classification obtained via deep fully convolutional neural networks. However, due to the nature of the networks, predictions often suffer from blurry boundaries and ill-segmented shapes, fueling the need for post-processing. This work introduces a new semantic segmentation regularization based on the regression of a distance transform. After computing the distance transform on the label masks, we train a FCN in a multi-task setting in both discrete and continuous spaces by learning jointly classification and distance regression. This requires almost no modification of the network structure and adds a very low overhead to the training process. Learning to approximate the distance transform back-propagates spatial cues that implicitly regularizes the segmentation. We validate this technique with several architectures on various datasets, and we show significant improvements compared to competitive baselines. 
### 31.3D landmark detection for augmented reality based otologic procedures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01647.pdf)
>  Ear consists of the smallest bones in the human body and does not contain significant amount of distinct landmark points that may be used to register a preoperative CT-scan with the surgical video in an augmented reality framework. Learning based algorithms may be used to help the surgeons to identify landmark points. This paper presents a convolutional neural network approach to landmark detection in preoperative ear CT images and then discusses an augmented reality system that can be used to visualize the cochlear axis on an otologic surgical video. 
### 32.Deep Esophageal Clinical Target Volume Delineation using Encoded 3D Spatial Context of Tumors, Lymph Nodes, and Organs At Risk  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01526.pdf)
>  Clinical target volume (CTV) delineation from radiotherapy computed tomography (RTCT) images is used to define the treatment areas containing the gross tumor volume (GTV) and/or sub-clinical malignant disease for radiotherapy (RT). High intra- and inter-user variability makes this a particularly difficult task for esophageal cancer. This motivates automated solutions, which is the aim of our work. Because CTV delineation is highly context-dependent--it must encompass the GTV and regional lymph nodes (LNs) while also avoiding excessive exposure to the organs at risk (OARs)--we formulate it as a deep contextual appearance-based problem using encoded spatial contexts of these anatomical structures. This allows the deep network to better learn from and emulate the margin- and appearance-based delineation performed by human physicians. Additionally, we develop domain-specific data augmentation to inject robustness to our system. Finally, we show that a simple 3D progressive holistically nested network (PHNN), which avoids computationally heavy decoding paths while still aggregating features at different levels of context, can outperform more complicated networks. Cross-validated experiments on a dataset of 135 esophageal cancer patients demonstrate that our encoded spatial context approach can produce concrete performance improvements, with an average Dice score of 83.9% and an average surface distance of 4.2 mm, representing improvements of 3.8% and 2.4 mm, respectively, over the state-of-the-art approach. 
### 33.Accurate Esophageal Gross Tumor Volume Segmentation in PET/CT using Two-Stream Chained 3D Deep Network Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01524.pdf)
>  Gross tumor volume (GTV) segmentation is a critical step in esophageal cancer radiotherapy treatment planning. Inconsistencies across oncologists and prohibitive labor costs motivate automated approaches for this task. However, leading approaches are only applied to radiotherapy computed tomography (RTCT) images taken prior to treatment. This limits the performance as RTCT suffers from low contrast between the esophagus, tumor, and surrounding tissues. In this paper, we aim to exploit both RTCT and positron emission tomography (PET) imaging modalities to facilitate more accurate GTV segmentation. By utilizing PET, we emulate medical professionals who frequently delineate GTV boundaries through observation of the RTCT images obtained after prescribing radiotherapy and PET/CT images acquired earlier for cancer staging. To take advantage of both modalities, we present a two-stream chained segmentation approach that effectively fuses the CT and PET modalities via early and late 3D deep-network-based fusion. Furthermore, to effect the fusion and segmentation we propose a simple yet effective progressive semantically nested network (PSNN) model that outperforms more complicated models. Extensive 5-fold cross-validation on 110 esophageal cancer patients, the largest analysis to date, demonstrates that both the proposed two-stream chained segmentation pipeline and the PSNN model can significantly improve the quantitative performance over the previous state-of-the-art work by 11% in absolute Dice score (DSC) (from 0.654 to 0.764) and, at the same time, reducing the Hausdorff distance from 129 mm to 47 mm. 
### 34.Lifelong Machine Learning with Deep Streaming Linear Discriminant Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01520.pdf)
>  When a robot acquires new information, ideally it would immediately be capable of using that information to understand its environment. While deep neural networks are now widely used by robots for inferring semantic information, conventional neural networks suffer from catastrophic forgetting when they are incrementally updated, with new knowledge overwriting established representations. While a variety of approaches have been developed that attempt to mitigate catastrophic forgetting in the incremental batch learning scenario, in which an agent learns a large collection of labeled samples at once, streaming learning has been much less studied in the robotics and deep learning communities. In streaming learning, an agent learns instances one-by-one and can be tested at any time. Here, we revisit streaming linear discriminant analysis, which has been widely used in the data mining research community. By combining streaming linear discriminant analysis with deep learning, we are able to outperform both incremental batch learning and streaming learning algorithms on both ImageNet-1K and CORe50. 
### 35.Demystifying Brain Tumour Segmentation Networks: Interpretability and Uncertainty Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01498.pdf)
>  The accurate automatic segmentation of gliomas and its intra-tumoral structures is important not only for treatment planning but also for follow-up evaluations. Several methods based on 2D and 3D Deep Neural Networks (DNN) have been developed to segment brain tumors and to classify different categories of tumors from different MRI modalities. However, these networks are often black-box models and do not provide any evidence regarding the process they take to perform this task. Increasing transparency and interpretability of such deep learning techniques are necessary for the complete integration of such methods into medical practice. In this paper, we explore various techniques to explain the functional organization of brain tumor segmentation models and to extract visualizations of internal concepts to understand how these networks achieve highly accurate tumor segmentations. We use the BraTS 2018 dataset to train three different networks with standard architectures and outline similarities and differences in the process that these networks take to segment brain tumors. We show that brain tumor segmentation networks learn certain human-understandable disentangled concepts on a filter level. We also show that they take a top-down or hierarchical approach to localizing the different parts of the tumor. We then extract visualizations of some internal feature maps and also provide a measure of uncertainty with regards to the outputs of the models to give additional qualitative evidence about the predictions of these networks. We believe that the emergence of such human-understandable organization and concepts might aid in the acceptance and integration of such methods in medical diagnosis. 
### 36.Topologically-Guided Color Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01456.pdf)
>  Enhancement is an important step in post-processing digital images for personal use, in medical imaging, and for object recognition. Most existing manual techniques rely on region selection, similarity, and/or thresholding for editing, never really considering the topological structure of the image. In this paper, we leverage the contour tree to extract a hierarchical representation of the topology of an image. We propose 4 topology-aware transfer functions for editing features of the image using local topological properties, instead of global image properties. Finally, we evaluate our approach with grayscale and color images. 
### 37.Mixture Probabilistic Principal GeodesicAnalysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01412.pdf)
>  Dimensionality reduction on Riemannian manifolds is challenging due to the complex nonlinear data structures. While probabilistic principal geodesic analysis~(PPGA) has been proposed to generalize conventional principal component analysis (PCA) onto manifolds, its effectiveness is limited to data with a single modality. In this paper, we present a novel Gaussian latent variable model that provides a unique way to integrate multiple PGA models into a maximum-likelihood framework. This leads to a well-defined mixture model of probabilistic principal geodesic analysis (MPPGA) on sub-populations, where parameters of the principal subspaces are automatically estimated by employing an Expectation Maximization algorithm. We further develop a mixture Bayesian PGA (MBPGA) model that automatically reduces data dimensionality by suppressing irrelevant principal geodesics. We demonstrate the advantages of our model in the contexts of clustering and statistical shape analysis, using synthetic sphere data, real corpus callosum, and mandible data from human brain magnetic resonance~(MR) and CT images. 
### 38.A Novel Loss Function Incorporating Imaging Acquisition Physics for PET Attenuation Map Generation using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01394.pdf)
>  In PET/CT imaging, CT is used for PET attenuation correction (AC). Mismatch between CT and PET due to patient body motion results in AC artifacts. In addition, artifact caused by metal, beam-hardening and count-starving in CT itself also introduces inaccurate AC for PET. Maximum likelihood reconstruction of activity and attenuation (MLAA) was proposed to solve those issues by simultaneously reconstructing tracer activity ($\lambda$-MLAA) and attenuation map ($\mu$-MLAA) based on the PET raw data only. However, $\mu$-MLAA suffers from high noise and $\lambda$-MLAA suffers from large bias as compared to the reconstruction using the CT-based attenuation map ($\mu$-CT). Recently, a convolutional neural network (CNN) was applied to predict the CT attenuation map ($\mu$-CNN) from $\lambda$-MLAA and $\mu$-MLAA, in which an image-domain loss (IM-loss) function between the $\mu$-CNN and the ground truth $\mu$-CT was used. However, IM-loss does not directly measure the AC errors according to the PET attenuation physics, where the line-integral projection of the attenuation map ($\mu$) along the path of the two annihilation events, instead of the $\mu$ itself, is used for AC. Therefore, a network trained with the IM-loss may yield suboptimal performance in the $\mu$ generation. Here, we propose a novel line-integral projection loss (LIP-loss) function that incorporates the PET attenuation physics for $\mu$ generation. Eighty training and twenty testing datasets of whole-body 18F-FDG PET and paired ground truth $\mu$-CT were used. Quantitative evaluations showed that the model trained with the additional LIP-loss was able to significantly outperform the model trained solely based on the IM-loss function. 
### 39.Flexible, Fast and Accurate Densely-Sampled Light Field Reconstruction Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01341.pdf)
>  The densely-sampled light field (LF) is highly desirable in various applications, such as 3-D reconstruction, post-capture refocusing and virtual reality. However, it is costly to acquire such data. Although many computational methods have been proposed to reconstruct a densely-sampled LF from a sparsely-sampled one, they still suffer from either low reconstruction quality, low computational efficiency, or the restriction on the regularity of the sampling pattern. To this end, we propose a novel learning-based method, which accepts sparsely-sampled LFs with irregular structures, and produces densely-sampled LFs with arbitrary angular resolution accurately and efficiently. Our proposed method, an end-to-end trainable network, reconstructs a densely-sampled LF in a coarse-to-fine manner. Specifically, the coarse sub-aperture image (SAI) synthesis module first explores the scene geometry from an unstructured sparsely-sampled LF and leverages it to independently synthesize novel SAIs, giving an intermediate densely-sampled LF. Then, the efficient LF refinement module learns the angular relations within the intermediate result to recover the LF parallax structure. Comprehensive experimental evaluations demonstrate the superiority of our method on both real-world and synthetic LF images when compared with state-of-the-art methods. In addition, we illustrate the benefits and advantages of the proposed approach when applied in various LF-based applications, including image-based rendering, depth estimation enhancement, and LF compression. 
