# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 30 Sep 2019
### 1.Learning to Reconstruct 3D Human Pose and Shape via Model-fitting in the Loop  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12828.pdf)
>  Model-based human pose estimation is currently approached through two different paradigms. Optimization-based methods fit a parametric body model to 2D observations in an iterative manner, leading to accurate image-model alignments, but are often slow and sensitive to the initialization. In contrast, regression-based methods, that use a deep network to directly estimate the model parameters from pixels, tend to provide reasonable, but not pixel accurate, results while requiring huge amounts of supervision. In this work, instead of investigating which approach is better, our key insight is that the two paradigms can form a strong collaboration. A reasonable, directly regressed estimate from the network can initialize the iterative optimization making the fitting faster and more accurate. Similarly, a pixel accurate fit from iterative optimization can act as strong supervision for the network. This is the core of our proposed approach SPIN (SMPL oPtimization IN the loop). The deep network initializes an iterative optimization routine that fits the body model to 2D joints within the training loop, and the fitted estimate is subsequently used to supervise the network. Our approach is self-improving by nature, since better network estimates can lead the optimization to better solutions, while more accurate optimization fits provide better supervision for the network. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in different settings, where 3D ground truth is scarce, or not available, and we consistently outperform the state-of-the-art model-based pose estimation approaches by significant margins. The project website with videos, results, and code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://seas.upenn.edu/~nkolot/projects/spin" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 2.Learning to Have an Ear for Face Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12780.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method to perform extreme (16x) face super-resolution by exploiting audio. Super-resolution is the task of recovering a high-resolution image from a low-resolution one. When the resolution of the input image is too low (e.g., 8x8 pixels), the loss of information is so dire that the details of the original identity have been lost. However, when the low-resolution image is extracted from a video, the audio track is also available. Because the audio carries information about the face identity, we propose to exploit it in the face reconstruction process. Towards this goal, we propose a model and a training procedure to extract information about the identity of a person from her audio track and to combine it with the information extracted from the low-resolution input image, which relates more to pose and colors of the face. We demonstrate that the combination of these two inputs yields high-resolution images that better capture the correct identity of the face. In particular, we show that audio can assist in recovering attributes such as the gender and the identity, and thus improve the correctness of the image reconstruction process. Our procedure does not make use of human annotation and thus can be easily trained with existing video datasets. Moreover, we show that our model allows one to mix low-resolution images and audio from different videos and to generate realistic faces with semantically meaningful combinations. 
### 3.MRCNet: Crowd Counting and Density Map Estimation in Aerial and Ground Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12743.pdf)
>  In spite of the many advantages of aerial imagery for crowd monitoring and management at mass events, datasets of aerial images of crowds are still lacking in the field. As a remedy, in this work we introduce a novel crowd dataset, the DLR Aerial Crowd Dataset (DLR-ACD), which is composed of 33 large aerial images acquired from 16 flight campaigns over mass events with 226,291 persons annotated. To the best of our knowledge, DLR-ACD is the first aerial crowd dataset and will be released publicly. To tackle the problem of accurate crowd counting and density map estimation in aerial images of crowds, this work also proposes a new encoder-decoder convolutional neural network, the so-called Multi-Resolution Crowd Network MRCNet. The encoder is based on the VGG-16 network and the decoder is composed of a set of bilinear upsampling and convolutional layers. Using two losses, one at an earlier level and another at the last level of the decoder, MRCNet estimates crowd counts and high-resolution crowd density maps as two different but interrelated tasks. In addition, MRCNet utilizes contextual and detailed local information by combining high- and low-level features through a number of lateral connections inspired by the Feature Pyramid Network (FPN) technique. We evaluated MRCNet on the proposed DLR-ACD dataset as well as on the ShanghaiTech dataset, a CCTV-based crowd counting benchmark. The results demonstrate that MRCNet outperforms the state-of-the-art crowd counting methods in estimating the crowd counts and density maps for both aerial and CCTV-based images. 
### 4.Point Attention Network for Semantic Segmentation of 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12663.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have performed extremely well on data represented by regularly arranged grids such as images. However, directly leveraging the classic convolution kernels or parameter sharing mechanisms on sparse 3D point clouds is inefficient due to their irregular and unordered nature. We propose a point attention network that learns rich local shape features and their contextual correlations for 3D point cloud semantic segmentation. Since the geometric distribution of the neighboring points is invariant to the point ordering, we propose a Local Attention-Edge Convolution (LAE Conv) to construct a local graph based on the neighborhood points searched in multi-directions. We assign attention coefficients to each edge and then aggregate the point features as a weighted sum of its neighbors. The learned LAE-Conv layer features are then given to a point-wise spatial attention module to generate an interdependency matrix of all points regardless of their distances, which captures long-range spatial contextual features contributing to more precise semantic information. The proposed point attention network consists of an encoder and decoder which, together with the LAE-Conv layers and the point-wise spatial attention modules, make it an end-to-end trainable network for predicting dense labels for 3D point cloud segmentation. Experiments on challenging benchmarks of 3D point clouds show that our algorithm can perform at par or better than the existing state of the art methods. 
### 5.Biomedical Image Segmentation by Retina-like Sequential Attention Mechanism Using Only A Few Training Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12612.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a novel deep learning-based algorithm for biomedical image segmentation which uses a sequential attention mechanism able to shift the focus of attention across the image in a selective way, allowing subareas which are more difficult to classify to be processed at increased resolution. The spatial distribution of class information in each subarea is learned using a retina-like representation where resolution decreases with distance from the center of attention. The final segmentation is achieved by averaging class predictions over overlapping subareas, utilizing the power of ensemble learning to increase segmentation accuracy. Experimental results for semantic segmentation task for which only a few training images are available show that a CNN using the proposed method outperforms both a patch-based classification CNN and a fully convolutional-based method. 
### 6.Towards Real-Time Multi-Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12605.pdf)
>  Modern multiple object tracking (MOT) systems usually follow the tracking-by-detection paradigm. It has 1) a detection model for target localization and 2) an appearance embedding model for data association. Having the two models separately executed might lead to efficiency problems, as the running time is simply a sum of the two steps without investigating potential structures that can be shared between them. Existing research efforts on real-time MOT usually focus on the association step, so they are essentially real-time association methods but not real-time MOT system. In this paper, we propose an MOT system that allows target detection and appearance embedding to be learned in a shared model. Specifically, we incorporate the appearance embedding model into a single-shot detector, such that the model can simultaneously output detections and the corresponding embeddings. As such, the system is formulated as a multi-task learning problem: there are multiple objectives, i.e., anchor classification, bounding box regression, and embedding learning; and the individual losses are automatically weighted. To our knowledge, this work reports the first (near) real-time MOT system, with a running speed of 18.8 to 24.1 FPS depending on the input resolution. Meanwhile, its tracking accuracy is comparable to the state-of-the-art trackers embodying separate detection and embedding (SDE) learning (64.4% MOTA v.s. 66.1% MOTA on MOT-16 challenge). The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Zhongdao/Towards-Realtime-MOT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 7.Active Learning for Event Detection in Support of Disaster Analysis Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12601.pdf)
>  Disaster analysis in social media content is one of the interesting research domains having abundance of data. However, there is a lack of labeled data that can be used to train machine learning models for disaster analysis applications. Active learning is one of the possible solutions to such problem. To this aim, in this paper we propose and assess the efficacy of an active learning based framework for disaster analysis using images shared on social media outlets. Specifically, we analyze the performance of different active learning techniques employing several sampling and disagreement strategies. Moreover, we collect a large-scale dataset covering images from eight common types of natural disasters. The experimental results show that the use of active learning techniques for disaster analysis using images results in a performance comparable to that obtained using human annotated images, and could be used in frameworks for disaster analysis in images without tedious job of manual annotation. 
### 8.Pruning from Scratch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12579.pdf)
>  Network pruning is an important research field aiming at reducing computational costs of neural networks. Conventional approaches follow a fixed paradigm which first trains a large and redundant network, and then determines which units (e.g., channels) are less important and thus can be removed. In this work, we find that pre-training an over-parameterized model is not necessary for obtaining the target pruned structure. In fact, a fully-trained over-parameterized model will reduce the search space for the pruned structure. We empirically show that more diverse pruned structures can be directly pruned from randomly initialized weights, including potential models with better performance. Therefore, we propose a novel network pruning pipeline which allows pruning from scratch. In the experiments for compressing classification models on CIFAR10 and ImageNet datasets, our approach not only greatly reduces the pre-training burden of traditional pruning methods, but also achieves similar or even higher accuracy under the same computation budgets. Our results facilitate the community to rethink the effectiveness of existing techniques used for network pruning. 
### 9.RGBD-GAN: Unsupervised 3D Representation Learning From Natural Image Datasets via RGBD Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12573.pdf)
>  Understanding three-dimensional (3D) geometries from two-dimensional (2D) images without any labeled information is promising for understanding the real world without incurring annotation cost. We herein propose a novel generative model, RGBD-GAN, which achieves unsupervised 3D representation learning from 2D images. The proposed method enables camera parameter conditional image generation and depth image generation without any 3D annotations such as camera poses or depth. We used an explicit 3D consistency loss for two RGBD images generated from different camera parameters in addition to the ordinal GAN objective. The loss is simple yet effective for any type of image generator such as the DCGAN and StyleGAN to be conditioned on camera parameters. We conducted experiments and demonstrated that the proposed method could learn 3D representations from 2D images with various generator architectures. 
### 10.Fast shared response model for fMRI data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12537.pdf)
>  The shared response model provides a simple but effective framework toanalyse fMRI data of subjects exposed to naturalistic stimuli. However whenthe number of subjects or runs is large, fitting the model requires a large amountof memory and computational power, which limits its use in practice. In thiswork, we introduce the FastSRM algorithm that relies on an intermediate atlas-based representation. It provides considerable speed-up in time and memoryusage, hence it allows easy and fast large-scale analysis of naturalistic-stimulusfMRI data. Using four different datasets, we show that our method outperformsthe original SRM algorithm while being about 5x faster and 20x to 40x morememory efficient. Based on this contribution, we use FastSRM to predict agefrom movie watching data on the CamCAN sample. Besides delivering accuratepredictions (mean absolute error of 7.5 years), FastSRM extracts topographicpatterns that are predictive of age, demonstrating that brain activity duringfree perception reflects age. 
### 11.Learnable Tree Filter for Structure-preserving Feature Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12513.pdf)
>  Learning discriminative global features plays a vital role in semantic segmentation. And most of the existing methods adopt stacks of local convolutions or non-local blocks to capture long-range context. However, due to the absence of spatial structure preservation, these operators ignore the object details when enlarging receptive fields. In this paper, we propose the learnable tree filter to form a generic tree filtering module that leverages the structural property of minimal spanning tree to model long-range dependencies while preserving the details. Furthermore, we propose a highly efficient linear-time algorithm to reduce resource consumption. Thus, the designed modules can be plugged into existing deep neural networks conveniently. To this end, tree filtering modules are embedded to formulate a unified framework for semantic segmentation. We conduct extensive ablation studies to elaborate on the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method. Specifically, it attains better performance with much less overhead compared with the classic PSP block and Non-local operation under the same backbone. Our approach is proved to achieve consistent improvements on several benchmarks without bells-and-whistles. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/StevenGrove/TreeFilter-Torch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 12.Region-wise Generative Adversarial ImageInpainting for Large Missing Areas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12507.pdf)
>  Recently deep neutral networks have achieved promising performance for filling large missing regions in image inpainting tasks. They usually adopted the standard convolutional architecture over the corrupted image, leading to meaningless contents, such as color discrepancy, blur and artifacts. Moreover, most inpainting approaches cannot well handle the large continuous missing area cases. To address these problems, we propose a generic inpainting framework capable of handling with incomplete images on both continuous and discontinuous large missing areas, in an adversarial manner. From which, region-wise convolution is deployed in both generator and discriminator to separately handle with the different regions, namely existing regions and missing ones. Moreover, a correlation loss is introduced to capture the non-local correlations between different patches, and thus guides the generator to obtain more information during inference. With the help of our proposed framework, we can restore semantically reasonable and visually realistic images. Extensive experiments on three widely-used datasets for image inpainting tasks have been conducted, and both qualitative and quantitative experimental results demonstrate that the proposed model significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches, both on the large continuous and discontinuous missing areas. 
### 13.Adaptive ROI Generation for Video Object Segmentation Using Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12482.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim to tackle the task of semi-supervised video object segmentation across a sequence of frames where only the ground-truth segmentation of the first frame is provided. The challenges lie in how to online update the segmentation model initialized from the first frame adaptively and accurately, even in presence of multiple confusing instances or large object motion. The existing approaches rely on selecting the region of interest for model update, which however, is rough and inflexible, leading to performance degradation. To overcome this limitation, we propose a novel approach which utilizes reinforcement learning to select optimal adaptation areas for each frame, based on the historical segmentation information. The RL model learns to take optimal actions to adjust the region of interest inferred from the previous frame for online model updating. To speed up the model adaption, we further design a novel multi-branch tree based exploration method to fast select the best state action pairs. Our experiments show that our work improves the state-of-the-art of the mean region similarity on DAVIS 2016 dataset to 87.1%. 
### 14.DMM-Net: Differentiable Mask-Matching Network for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12471.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose the differentiable mask-matching network (DMM-Net) for solving the video object segmentation problem where the initial object masks are provided. Relying on the Mask R-CNN backbone, we extract mask proposals per frame and formulate the matching between object templates and proposals at one time step as a linear assignment problem where the cost matrix is predicted by a CNN. We propose a differentiable matching layer by unrolling a projected gradient descent algorithm in which the projection exploits the Dykstra's algorithm. We prove that under mild conditions, the matching is guaranteed to converge to the optimum. In practice, it performs similarly to the Hungarian algorithm during inference. Meanwhile, we can back-propagate through it to learn the cost matrix. After matching, a refinement head is leveraged to improve the quality of the matched mask. Our DMM-Net achieves competitive results on the largest video object segmentation dataset YouTube-VOS. On DAVIS 2017, DMM-Net achieves the best performance without online learning on the first frames. Without any fine-tuning, DMM-Net performs comparably to state-of-the-art methods on SegTrack v2 dataset. At last, our matching layer is very simple to implement; we attach the PyTorch code ($&lt;50$ lines) in the supplementary material. Our code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZENGXH/DMM_Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 15.ASSD: Attentive Single Shot Multibox Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12456.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new deep neural network for object detection. The proposed network, termed ASSD, builds feature relations in the spatial space of the feature map. With the global relation information, ASSD learns to highlight useful regions on the feature maps while suppressing the irrelevant information, thereby providing reliable guidance for object detection. Compared to methods that rely on complicated CNN layers to refine the feature maps, ASSD is simple in design and is computationally efficient. Experimental results show that ASSD competes favorably with the state-of-the-arts, including SSD, DSSD, FSSD and RetinaNet. 
### 16.Interpreting Undesirable Pixels for Image Classification on Black-Box Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12446.pdf)
>  In an effort to interpret black-box models, researches for developing explanation methods have proceeded in recent years. Most studies have tried to identify input pixels that are crucial to the prediction of a classifier. While this approach is meaningful to analyse the characteristic of blackbox models, it is also important to investigate pixels that interfere with the prediction. To tackle this issue, in this paper, we propose an explanation method that visualizes undesirable regions to classify an image as a target class. To be specific, we divide the concept of undesirable regions into two terms: (1) factors for a target class, which hinder that black-box models identify intrinsic characteristics of a target class and (2) factors for non-target classes that are important regions for an image to be classified as other classes. We visualize such undesirable regions on heatmaps to qualitatively validate the proposed method. Furthermore, we present an evaluation metric to provide quantitative results on ImageNet. 
### 17.A Hierarchical Approach for Visual Storytelling Using Image Description  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12401.pdf)
>  One of the primary challenges of visual storytelling is developing techniques that can maintain the context of the story over long event sequences to generate human-like stories. In this paper, we propose a hierarchical deep learning architecture based on encoder-decoder networks to address this problem. To better help our network maintain this context while also generating long and diverse sentences, we incorporate natural language image descriptions along with the images themselves to generate each story sentence. We evaluate our system on the Visual Storytelling (VIST) dataset and show that our method outperforms state-of-the-art techniques on a suite of different automatic evaluation metrics. The empirical results from this evaluation demonstrate the necessities of different components of our proposed architecture and shows the effectiveness of the architecture for visual storytelling. 
### 18.Markov Decision Process for Video Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12400.pdf)
>  We identify two pathological cases of temporal inconsistencies in video generation: video freezing and video looping. To better quantify the temporal diversity, we propose a class of complementary metrics that are effective, easy to implement, data agnostic, and interpretable. Further, we observe that current state-of-the-art models are trained on video samples of fixed length thereby inhibiting long-term modeling. To address this, we reformulate the problem of video generation as a Markov Decision Process (MDP). The underlying idea is to represent motion as a stochastic process with an infinite forecast horizon to overcome the fixed length limitation and to mitigate the presence of temporal artifacts. We show that our formulation is easy to integrate into the state-of-the-art MoCoGAN framework. Our experiments on the Human Actions and UCF-101 datasets demonstrate that our MDP-based model is more memory efficient and improves the video quality both in terms of the new and established metrics. 
### 19.Optimizing Nondecomposable Data Dependent Regularizers via Lagrangian Reparameterization offers Significant Performance and Efficiency Gains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12398.pdf)
>  Data dependent regularization is known to benefit a wide variety of problems in machine learning. Often, these regularizers cannot be easily decomposed into a sum over a finite number of terms, e.g., a sum over individual example-wise terms. The $F_\beta$ measure, Area under the ROC curve (AUCROC) and Precision at a fixed recall (P@R) are some prominent examples that are used in many applications. We find that for most medium to large sized datasets, scalability issues severely limit our ability in leveraging the benefits of such regularizers. Importantly, the key technical impediment despite some recent progress is that, such objectives remain difficult to optimize via backpropapagation procedures. While an efficient general-purpose strategy for this problem still remains elusive, in this paper, we show that for many data-dependent nondecomposable regularizers that are relevant in applications, sizable gains in efficiency are possible with minimal code-level changes; in other words, no specialized tools or numerical schemes are needed. Our procedure involves a reparameterization followed by a partial dualization -- this leads to a formulation that has provably cheap projection operators. We present a detailed analysis of runtime and convergence properties of our algorithm. On the experimental side, we show that a direct use of our scheme significantly improves the state of the art IOU measures reported for MSCOCO Stuff segmentation dataset. 
### 20.Task-Discriminative Domain Alignment for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12366.pdf)
>  Domain Adaptation (DA), the process of effectively adapting task models learned on one domain, the source, to other related but distinct domains, the targets, with no or minimal retraining, is typically accomplished using the process of source-to-target manifold alignment. However, this process often leads to unsatisfactory adaptation performance, in part because it ignores the task-specific structure of the data. In this paper, we improve the performance of DA by introducing a discriminative discrepancy measure which takes advantage of auxiliary information available in the source and the target domains to better align the source and target distributions. Specifically, we leverage the cohesive clustering structure within individual data manifolds, associated with different tasks, to improve the alignment. This structure is explicit in the source, where the task labels are available, but is implicit in the target, making the problem challenging. We address the challenge by devising a deep DA framework, which combines a new task-driven domain alignment discriminator with domain regularizers that encourage the shared features as task-specific and domain invariant, and prompt the task model to be data structure preserving, guiding its decision boundaries through the low density data regions. We validate our framework on standard benchmarks, including Digits (MNIST, USPS, SVHN, MNIST-M), PACS, and VisDA. Our results show that our proposed model consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art in unsupervised domain adaptation. 
### 21.Global Sparse Momentum SGD for Pruning Very Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12778.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Network (DNN) is powerful but computationally expensive and memory intensive, thus impeding its practical usage on resource-constrained front-end devices. DNN pruning is an approach for deep model compression, which aims at eliminating some parameters with tolerable performance degradation. In this paper, we propose a novel momentum-SGD-based optimization method to reduce the network complexity by on-the-fly pruning. Concretely, given a global compression ratio, we categorize all the parameters into two parts at each training iteration which are updated using different rules. In this way, we gradually zero out the redundant parameters, as we update them using only the ordinary weight decay but no gradients derived from the objective function. As a departure from prior methods that require heavy human works to tune the layer-wise sparsity ratios, prune by solving complicated non-differentiable problems or finetune the model after pruning, our method is characterized by 1) global compression that automatically finds the appropriate per-layer sparsity ratios; 2) end-to-end training; 3) no need for a time-consuming re-training process after pruning; and 4) superior capability to find better winning tickets which win the initialization lottery. 
### 22.Numeric Solutions of Eigenvalue Problems for Generic Nonlinear Operators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12775.pdf)
>  Numerical methods for solving linear eigenvalue problem are widely studiedand used in science and engineering. In this paper, we propose a generalizednumerical method for solving eigenproblems for generic, nonlinear opera-tors. This has potentially wide implications, since most image processingalgorithms (e.g. denoising) can be viewed as nonlinear operators, whoseeigenproblem analysis provides information on the most- and least-suitablefunctions as input. We solve the problem by a nonlinear adaptation of thepower method, a well known linear eigensolver. An analysis and valida-tion framework is proposed, as well as preliminary theory. We validate themethod using total-variation (TV) and demonstrate it on the EPLL denoiser(Zoran-Weiss). Finally, we suggest an encryption-decryption application. 
### 23.Exploring Pose Priors for Human Pose Estimation with Joint Angle Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12761.pdf)
>  Pose Priors are critical in human pose estimation, since they are able to enforce constraints that prevent estimated poses from tending to physically impossible positions. Human pose generally consists of up to 22 Joint Angles of various segments, and their respective bone lengths, but the way these various segments interact can affect the validity of a pose. Looking at the Knee-Ankle segment alone, we can observe that clearly, the Knee cannot bend forward beyond it's roughly 90 degree point, amongst various other impossible poses below. 
### 24.Maximal adversarial perturbations for obfuscation: Hiding certain attributes while preserving rest  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12734.pdf)
>  In this paper we investigate the usage of adversarial perturbations for the purpose of privacy from human perception and model (machine) based detection. We employ adversarial perturbations for obfuscating certain variables in raw data while preserving the rest. Current adversarial perturbation methods are used for data poisoning with minimal perturbations of the raw data such that the machine learning model's performance is adversely impacted while the human vision cannot perceive the difference in the poisoned dataset due to minimal nature of perturbations. We instead apply relatively maximal perturbations of raw data to conditionally damage model's classification of one attribute while preserving the model performance over another attribute. In addition, the maximal nature of perturbation helps adversely impact human perception in classifying hidden attribute apart from impacting model performance. We validate our result qualitatively by showing the obfuscated dataset and quantitatively by showing the inability of models trained on clean data to predict the hidden attribute from the perturbed dataset while being able to predict the rest of attributes. 
### 25.A Constructive Prediction of the Generalization Error Across Scales  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12673.pdf)
>  The dependency of the generalization error of neural networks on model and dataset size is of critical importance both in practice and for understanding the theory of neural networks. Nevertheless, the functional form of this dependency remains elusive. In this work, we present a functional form which approximates well the generalization error in practice. Capitalizing on the successful concept of model scaling (e.g., width, depth), we are able to simultaneously construct such a form and specify the exact models which can attain it across model/data scales. Our construction follows insights obtained from observations conducted over a range of model/data scales, in various model types and datasets, in vision and language tasks. We show that the form both fits the observations well across scales, and provides accurate predictions from small- to large-scale models and data. 
### 26.On the Anomalous Generalization of GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12638.pdf)
>  Generative models, especially Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), have received significant attention recently. However, it has been observed that in terms of some attributes, e.g. the number of simple geometric primitives in an image, GANs are not able to learn the target distribution in practice. Motivated by this observation, we discover two specific problems of GANs leading to anomalous generalization behaviour, which we refer to as the sample insufficiency and the pixel-wise combination. For the first problem of sample insufficiency, we show theoretically and empirically that the batchsize of the training samples in practice may be insufficient for the discriminator to learn an accurate discrimination function. It could result in unstable training dynamics for the generator, leading to anomalous generalization. For the second problem of pixel-wise combination, we find that besides recognizing the positive training samples as real, under certain circumstances, the discriminator could be fooled to recognize the pixel-wise combinations (e.g. pixel-wise average) of the positive training samples as real. However, those combinations could be visually different from the real samples in the target distribution. With the fooled discriminator as reference, the generator would obtain biased supervision further, leading to the anomalous generalization behaviour. Additionally, in this paper, we propose methods to mitigate the anomalous generalization of GANs. Extensive experiments on benchmark show our proposed methods improve the FID score up to 30\% on natural image dataset. 
### 27.GA-GAN: CT reconstruction from Biplanar DRRs using GAN with Guided Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12525.pdf)
>  This work investigates the use of guided attention in the reconstruction of CTvolumes from biplanar DRRs. We try to improve the visual image quality of the CT reconstruction using Guided Attention based GANs (GA-GAN). We also consider the use of Vector Quantization (VQ) for the CT reconstruction so that the memory usage can be reduced, maintaining the same visual image quality. To the best of our knowledge no work has been done before that explores the Vector Quantization for this purpose. Although our findings show that our approaches outperform the previous works, still there is a lot of room for improvement. 
### 28.Invisible Marker: Automatic Annotation for Object Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12493.pdf)
>  We propose invisible marker for accurate automatic annotation to manipulate objects. Invisible marker is invisible in visible light, whereas it can be visible by applying ultraviolet light in the dark. By capturing images while alternately switching between visible and invisible light at high speed, massive annotation datasets for objects painted with invisible marker are created quickly and inexpensively. We show comparison with manual annotation and demonstrations of semantic segmentation by deep learning for deformable objects such as cloth, liquid, and powder. 
### 29.A Radio Signal Modulation Recognition Algorithm Based on Residual Networks and Attention Mechanisms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12472.pdf)
>  To solve the problem of inaccurate recognition of types of communication signal modulation, a RNN neural network recognition algorithm combining residual block network with attention mechanism is proposed. In this method, 10 kinds of communication signals with Gaussian white noise are generated from standard data sets, such as MASK, MPSK, MFSK, OFDM, 16QAM, AM and FM. Based on the original RNN neural network, residual block network is added to solve the problem of gradient disappearance caused by deep network layers. Attention mechanism is added to the network to accelerate the gradient descent. In the experiment, 16QAM, 2FSK and 4FSK are used as actual samples, IQ data frames of signals are used as input, and the RNN neural network combined with residual block network and attention mechanism is trained. The final recognition results show that the average recognition rate of real-time signals is over 93%. The network has high robustness and good use value. 
### 30.Leveraging Multimodal Haptic Sensory Data for Robust Cutting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12460.pdf)
>  Cutting is a common form of manipulation when working with divisible objects such as food, rope, or clay. Cooking in particular relies heavily on cutting to divide food items into desired shapes. However, cutting food is a challenging task due to the wide range of material properties exhibited by food items. Due to this variability, the same cutting motions cannot be used for all food items. Sensations from contact events, e.g., when placing the knife on the food item, will also vary depending on the material properties, and the robot will need to adapt accordingly. In this paper, we propose using vibrations and force-torque feedback from the interactions to adapt the slicing motions and monitor for contact events. The robot learns neural networks for performing each of these tasks and generalizing across different material properties. By adapting and monitoring the skill executions, the robot is able to reliably cut through more than 20 different types of food items and even detect whether certain food items are fresh or old. 
### 31.Graph-Preserving Grid Layout: A Simple Graph Drawing Method for Graph Classification using CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12383.pdf)
>  Graph convolutional networks (GCNs) suffer from the irregularity of graphs, while more widely-used convolutional neural networks (CNNs) benefit from regular grids. To bridge the gap between GCN and CNN, in contrast to previous works on generalizing the basic operations in CNNs to graph data, in this paper we address the problem of how to project undirected graphs onto the grid in a {\em principled} way where CNNs can be used as backbone for geometric deep learning. To this end, inspired by the literature of graph drawing we propose a novel graph-preserving grid layout (GPGL), an integer programming that minimizes the topological loss on the grid. Technically we propose solving GPGL approximately using a {\em regularized} Kamada-Kawai algorithm, a well-known nonconvex optimization technique in graph drawing, with a vertex separation penalty that improves the rounding performance on top of the solutions from relaxation. Using GPGL we can easily conduct data augmentation as every local minimum will lead to a grid layout for the same graph. Together with the help of multi-scale maxout CNNs, we demonstrate the empirical success of our method for graph classification. 
### 32.Can We Trust You? On Calibration of a Probabilistic Object Detector for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12358.pdf)
>  Reliable uncertainty estimation is crucial for perception systems in safe autonomous driving. Recently, many methods have been proposed to model uncertainties in deep learning based object detectors. However, the estimated probabilities are often uncalibrated, which may lead to severe problems in safety critical scenarios. In this work, we identify such uncertainty miscalibration problems in a probabilistic LiDAR 3D object detection network, and propose three practical methods to significantly reduce errors in uncertainty calibration. Extensive experiments on several datasets show that our methods produce well-calibrated uncertainties, and generalize well between different datasets. 
### 33.Realtime Simulation of Thin-Shell Deformable Materials using CNN-Based Mesh Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12354.pdf)
>  We address the problem of accelerating thin-shell deformable object simulations by dimension reduction. We present a new algorithm to embed a high-dimensional configuration space of deformable objects in a low-dimensional feature space, where the configurations of objects and feature points have approximate one-to-one mapping. Our key technique is a graph-based convolutional neural network (CNN) defined on meshes with arbitrary topologies and a new mesh embedding approach based on physics-inspired loss term. We have applied our approach to accelerate high-resolution thin shell simulations corresponding to cloth-like materials, where the configuration space has tens of thousands of degrees of freedom. We show that our physics-inspired embedding approach leads to higher accuracy compared with prior mesh embedding methods. Finally, we show that the temporal evolution of the mesh in the feature space can also be learned using a recurrent neural network (RNN) leading to fully learnable physics simulators. After training our learned simulator runs $10-100\times$ faster and the accuracy is high enough for robot manipulation tasks. 
### 34.Compressed Sensing Microscopy with Scanning Line Probes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.12342.pdf)
>  In applications of scanning probe microscopy, images are acquired by raster scanning a point probe across a sample. Viewed from the perspective of compressed sensing (CS), this pointwise sampling scheme is inefficient, especially when the target image is structured. While replacing point measurements with delocalized, incoherent measurements has the potential to yield order-of-magnitude improvements in scan time, implementing the delocalized measurements of CS theory is challenging. In this paper we study a partially delocalized probe construction, in which the point probe is replaced with a continuous line, creating a sensor which essentially acquires line integrals of the target image. We show through simulations, rudimentary theoretical analysis, and experiments, that these line measurements can image sparse samples far more efficiently than traditional point measurements, provided the local features in the sample are enough separated. Despite this promise, practical reconstruction from line measurements poses additional difficulties: the measurements are partially coherent, and real measurements exhibit nonidealities. We show how to overcome these limitations using natural strategies (reweighting to cope with coherence, blind calibration for nonidealities), culminating in an end-to-end demonstration. 
