# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 6 Sep 2019
### 1.Explanation based Handwriting Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02548.pdf)
>  Deep learning system have drawback that their output is not accompanied with ex-planation. In a domain such as forensic handwriting verification it is essential to provideexplanation to jurors. The goal of handwriting verification is to find a measure of confi-dence whether the given handwritten samples are written by the same or different writer.We propose a method to generate explanations for the confidence provided by convolu-tional neural network (CNN) which maps the input image to 15 annotations (features)provided by experts. Our system comprises of: (1) Feature learning network (FLN),a differentiable system, (2) Inference module for providing explanations. Furthermore,inference module provides two types of explanations: (a) Based on cosine similaritybetween categorical probabilities of each feature, (b) Based on Log-Likelihood Ratio(LLR) using directed probabilistic graphical model. We perform experiments using acombination of feature learning network (FLN) and each inference module. We evaluateour system using XAI-AND dataset, containing 13700 handwritten samples and 15 cor-responding expert examined features for each sample. The dataset is released for publicuse and the methods can be extended to provide explanations on other verification taskslike face verification and bio-medical comparison. This dataset can serve as the basis and benchmark for future research in explanation based handwriting verification. The code is available on github. 
### 2.Harnessing the Power of Deep Learning Methods in Healthcare: Neonatal Pain Assessment from Crying Sound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02543.pdf)
>  Neonatal pain assessment in clinical environments is challenging as it is discontinuous and biased. Facial/body occlusion can occur in such settings due to clinical condition, developmental delays, prone position, or other external factors. In such cases, crying sound can be used to effectively assess neonatal pain. In this paper, we investigate the use of a novel CNN architecture (N-CNN) along with other CNN architectures (VGG16 and ResNet50) for assessing pain from crying sounds of neonates. The experimental results demonstrate that using our novel N-CNN for assessing pain from the sounds of neonates has a strong clinical potential and provides a viable alternative to the current assessment practice. 
### 3.C3DPO: Canonical 3D Pose Networks for Non-Rigid Structure From Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02533.pdf)
>  We propose C3DPO, a method for extracting 3D models of deformable objects from 2D keypoint annotations in unconstrained images. We do so by learning a deep network that reconstructs a 3D object from a single view at a time, accounting for partial occlusions, and explicitly factoring the effects of viewpoint changes and object deformations. In order to achieve this factorization, we introduce a novel regularization technique. We first show that the factorization is successful if, and only if, there exists a certain canonicalization function of the reconstructed shapes. Then, we learn the canonicalization function together with the reconstruction one, which constrains the result to be consistent. We demonstrate state-of-the-art reconstruction results for methods that do not use ground-truth 3D supervision for a number of benchmarks, including Up3D and PASCAL3D+. 
### 4.Neural Style-Preserving Visual Dubbing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02518.pdf)
>  Dubbing is a technique for translating video content from one language to another. However, state-of-the-art visual dubbing techniques directly copy facial expressions from source to target actors without considering identity-specific idiosyncrasies such as a unique type of smile. We present a style-preserving visual dubbing approach from single video inputs, which maintains the signature style of target actors when modifying facial expressions, including mouth motions, to match foreign languages. At the heart of our approach is the concept of motion style, in particular for facial expressions, i.e., the person-specific expression change that is yet another essential factor beyond visual accuracy in face editing applications. Our method is based on a recurrent generative adversarial network that captures the spatiotemporal co-activation of facial expressions, and enables generating and modifying the facial expressions of the target actor while preserving their style. We train our model with unsynchronized source and target videos in an unsupervised manner using cycle-consistency and mouth expression losses, and synthesize photorealistic video frames using a layered neural face renderer. Our approach generates temporally coherent results, and handles dynamic backgrounds. Our results show that our dubbing approach maintains the idiosyncratic style of the target actor better than previous approaches, even for widely differing source and target actors. 
### 5.Stack-VS: Stacked Visual-Semantic Attention for Image Caption Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02489.pdf)
>  Recently, automatic image caption generation has been an important focus of the work on multimodal translation task. Existing approaches can be roughly categorized into two classes, i.e., top-down and bottom-up, the former transfers the image information (called as visual-level feature) directly into a caption, and the later uses the extracted words (called as semanticlevel attribute) to generate a description. However, previous methods either are typically based one-stage decoder or partially utilize part of visual-level or semantic-level information for image caption generation. In this paper, we address the problem and propose an innovative multi-stage architecture (called as Stack-VS) for rich fine-gained image caption generation, via combining bottom-up and top-down attention models to effectively handle both visual-level and semantic-level information of an input image. Specifically, we also propose a novel well-designed stack decoder model, which is constituted by a sequence of decoder cells, each of which contains two LSTM-layers work interactively to re-optimize attention weights on both visual-level feature vectors and semantic-level attribute embeddings for generating a fine-gained image caption. Extensive experiments on the popular benchmark dataset MSCOCO show the significant improvements on different evaluation metrics, i.e., the improvements on BLEU-4/CIDEr/SPICE scores are 0.372, 1.226 and 0.216, respectively, as compared to the state-of-the-arts. 
### 6.Intrinsic Dynamic Shape Prior for Fast, Sequential and Dense Non-Rigid Structure from Motion with Detection of Temporally-Disjoint Rigidity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02468.pdf)
>  While dense non-rigid structure from motion (NRSfM) has been extensively studied from the perspective of the reconstructability problem over the recent years, almost no attempts have been undertaken to bring it into the practical realm. The reasons for the slow dissemination are the severe ill-posedness, high sensitivity to motion and deformation cues and the difficulty to obtain reliable point tracks in the vast majority of practical scenarios. To fill this gap, we propose a hybrid approach that extracts prior shape knowledge from an input sequence with NRSfM and uses it as a dynamic shape prior for sequential surface recovery in scenarios with recurrence. Our Dynamic Shape Prior Reconstruction (DSPR) method can be combined with existing dense NRSfM techniques while its energy functional is optimised with stochastic gradient descent at real-time rates for new incoming point tracks. The proposed versatile framework with a new core NRSfM approach outperforms several other methods in the ability to handle inaccurate and noisy point tracks, provided we have access to a representative (in terms of the deformation variety) image sequence. Comprehensive experiments highlight convergence properties and the accuracy of DSPR under different disturbing effects. We also perform a joint study of tracking and reconstruction and show applications to shape compression and heart reconstruction under occlusions. We achieve state-of-the-art metrics (accuracy and compression ratios) in different scenarios. 
### 7.FreeAnchor: Learning to Match Anchors for Visual Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02466.pdf)
>  Modern CNN-based object detectors assign anchors for ground-truth objects under the restriction of object-anchor Intersection-over-Unit (IoU). In this study, we propose a learning-to-match approach to break IoU restriction, allowing objects to match anchors in a flexible manner. Our approach, referred to as FreeAnchor, updates hand-crafted anchor assignment to "free" anchor matching by formulating detector training as a maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) procedure. FreeAnchor targets at learning features which best explain a class of objects in terms of both classification and localization. FreeAnchor is implemented by optimizing detection customized likelihood and can be fused with CNN-based detectors in a plug-and-play manner. Experiments on MS-COCO demonstrate that FreeAnchor consistently outperforms their counterparts with significant margins. 
### 8.Semantic-Aware Scene Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02410.pdf)
>  Scene recognition is currently one of the top-challenging research fields in computer vision. This may be due to the ambiguity between classes: images of several scene classes may share similar objects, which causes confusion among them. The problem is aggravated when images of a particular scene class are notably different. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have significantly boosted performance in scene recognition, albeit it is still far below from other recognition tasks (e.g., object or image recognition). In this paper, we describe a novel approach for scene recognition based on an end-to-end multi-modal CNN that combines image and context information by means of an attention module. Context information, in the shape of semantic segmentation, is used to gate features extracted from the RGB image by leveraging on information encoded in the semantic representation: the set of scene objects and stuff, and their relative locations. This gating process reinforces the learning of indicative scene content and enhances scene disambiguation by refocusing the receptive fields of the CNN towards them. Experimental results on four publicly available datasets show that the proposed approach outperforms every other state-of-the-art method while significantly reducing the number of network parameters. All the code and data used along this paper is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vpulab/Semantic-Aware-Scene-Recognition" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 9.Utilizing Temporal Information in DeepConvolutional Network for Efficient Soccer BallDetection and Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02406.pdf)
>  Soccer ball detection is identified as one of the critical challenges in the RoboCup competition. It requires an efficient vision system capable of handling the task of detection with high precision and recall and providing robust and low inference time. In this work, we present a novel convolutional neural network (CNN) approach to detect the soccer ball in an image sequence. In contrast to the existing methods where only the current frame or an image is used for the detection, we make use of the history of frames. Using history allows to efficiently track the ball in situations where the ball disappears or gets partially occluded in some of the frames. Our approach exploits spatio-temporal correlation and detects the ball based on the trajectory of its movements. We present our results with three convolutional methods, namely temporal convolutional networks (TCN), ConvLSTM, and ConvGRU. We first solve the detection task for an image using fully convolutional encoder-decoder architecture, and later, we use it as an input to our temporal models and jointly learn the detection task in sequences of images. We evaluate all our experiments on a novel dataset prepared as a part of this work. Furthermore, we present empirical results to support the effectiveness of using the history of the ball in challenging scenarios. 
### 10.An Active Learning Approach for Reducing Annotation Cost in Skin Lesion Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02344.pdf)
>  Automated skin lesion analysis is very crucial in clinical practice, as skin cancer is among the most common human malignancy. Existing approaches with deep learning have achieved remarkable performance on this challenging task, however, heavily relying on large-scale labelled datasets. In this paper, we present a novel active learning framework for cost-effective skin lesion analysis. The goal is to effectively select and utilize much fewer labelled samples, while the network can still achieve state-of-the-art performance. Our sample selection criteria complementarily consider both informativeness and representativeness, derived from decoupled aspects of measuring model certainty and covering sample diversity. To make wise use of the selected samples, we further design a simple yet effective strategy to aggregate intra-class images in pixel space, as a new form of data augmentation. We validate our proposed method on data of ISIC 2017 Skin Lesion Classification Challenge for two tasks. Using only up to 50% of samples, our approach can achieve state-of-the-art performances on both tasks, which are comparable or exceeding the accuracies with full-data training, and outperform other well-known active learning methods by a large margin. 
### 11.Detector With Focus: Normalizing Gradient In Image Pyramid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02301.pdf)
>  An image pyramid can extend many object detection algorithms to solve detection on multiple scales. However, interpolation during the resampling process of an image pyramid causes gradient variation, which is the difference of the gradients between the original image and the scaled images. Our key insight is that the increased variance of gradients makes the classifiers have difficulty in correctly assigning categories. We prove the existence of the gradient variation by formulating the ratio of gradient expectations between an original image and scaled images, then propose a simple and novel gradient normalization method to eliminate the effect of this variation. The proposed normalization method reduce the variance in an image pyramid and allow the classifier to focus on a smaller coverage. We show the improvement in three different visual recognition problems: pedestrian detection, pose estimation, and object detection. The method is generally applicable to many vision algorithms based on an image pyramid with gradients. 
### 12.Depth Map Estimation for Free-Viewpoint Television  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02294.pdf)
>  The paper presents a new method of depth estimation dedicated for free-viewpoint television (FTV). The estimation is performed for segments and thus their size can be used to control a trade-off between the quality of depth maps and the processing time of their estimation. The proposed algorithm can take as its input multiple arbitrarily positioned views which are simultaneously used to produce multiple inter view consistent output depth maps. The presented depth estimation method uses novel parallelization and temporal consistency enhancement methods that significantly reduce the processing time of depth estimation. An experimental assessment of the proposals has been performed, based on the analysis of virtual view quality in FTV. The results show that the proposed method provides an improvement of the depth map quality over the state of-the-art method, simultaneously reducing the complexity of depth estimation. The consistency of depth maps, which is crucial for the quality of the synthesized video and thus the quality of experience of navigating through a 3D scene, is also vastly improved. 
### 13.Efficient Neural Architecture Transformation Searchin Channel-Level for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02293.pdf)
>  Recently, Neural Architecture Search has achieved great success in large-scale image classification. In contrast, there have been limited works focusing on architecture search for object detection, mainly because the costly ImageNet pre-training is always required for detectors. Training from scratch, as a substitute, demands more epochs to converge and brings no computation saving. To overcome this obstacle, we introduce a practical neural architecture transformation search(NATS)algorithm for object detection in this paper. Instead of searching and constructing an entire network, NATS explores the architecture space on the base of existing network and reusing its weights. We propose a novel neural architecture search strategy in channel-level instead of path-level and devise a search space specially targeting at object detection. With the combination of these two designs, an architecture transformation scheme could be discovered to adapt a network designed for image classification to task of object detection. Since our method is gradient-based and only searches for a transformation scheme, the weights of models pretrained inImageNet could be utilized in both searching and retraining stage, which makes the whole process very efficient. The transformed network requires no extra parameters and FLOPs, and is friendly to hardware optimization, which is practical to use in real-time application. In experiments, we demonstrate the effectiveness of NATSon networks like ResNet and ResNeXt. Our transformed networks, combined with various detection frameworks, achieve significant improvements on the COCO dataset while keeping fast. 
### 14.Adaptive Graph Representation Learning for Video Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02240.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed a great development of deep learning based video person re-identification (Re-ID). A key factor for video person Re-ID is how to effectively construct discriminative video feature representations for the robustness to many complicated situations like occlusions. Recent part-based approaches employ spatial and temporal attention to extract the representative local features. While the correlations between the parts are ignored in the previous methods, to leverage the relations of different parts, we propose an innovative adaptive graph representation learning scheme for video person Re-ID, which enables the contextual interactions between the relevant regional features. Specifically, we exploit pose alignment connection and feature affinity connection to construct an adaptive structure-aware adjacency graph, which models the intrinsic relations between graph nodes. We perform feature propagation on the adjacency graph to refine the original regional features iteratively, the neighbor nodes information is taken into account for part feature representation. To learn the compact and discriminative representations, we further propose a novel temporal resolution-aware regularization, which enforces the consistency among different temporal resolutions for the same identities. We conduct extensive evaluations on four benchmarks, i.e. iLIDS-VID, PRID2011, MARS, and DukeMTMC-VideoReID, the experimental results achieve the competitive performance which demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed method. 
### 15.Effective Domain Knowledge Transfer with Soft Fine-tuning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02236.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks require numerous data for training. Considering the difficulties in data collection and labeling in some specific tasks, existing approaches generally use models pre-trained on a large source domain (e.g. ImageNet), and then fine-tune them on these tasks. However, the datasets from source domain are simply discarded in the fine-tuning process. We argue that the source datasets could be better utilized and benefit fine-tuning. This paper firstly introduces the concept of general discrimination to describe ability of a network to distinguish untrained patterns, and then experimentally demonstrates that general discrimination could potentially enhance the total discrimination ability on target domain. Furthermore, we propose a novel and light-weighted method, namely soft fine-tuning. Unlike traditional fine-tuning which directly replaces optimization objective by a loss function on the target domain, soft fine-tuning effectively keeps general discrimination by holding the previous loss and removes it softly. By doing so, soft fine-tuning improves the robustness of the network to data bias, and meanwhile accelerates the convergence. We evaluate our approach on several visual recognition tasks. Extensive experimental results support that soft fine-tuning provides consistent improvement on all evaluated tasks, and outperforms the state-of-the-art significantly. Codes will be made available to the public. 
### 16.POD: Practical Object Detection with Scale-Sensitive Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02225.pdf)
>  Scale-sensitive object detection remains a challenging task, where most of the existing methods could not learn it explicitly and are not robust to scale variance. In addition, the most existing methods are less efficient during training or slow during inference, which are not friendly to real-time applications. In this paper, we propose a practical object detection method with scale-sensitive network.Our method first predicts a global continuous scale ,which is shared by all position, for each convolution filter of each network stage. To effectively learn the scale, we average the spatial features and distill the scale from channels. For fast-deployment, we propose a scale decomposition method that transfers the robust fractional scale into combination of fixed integral scales for each convolution filter, which exploits the dilated convolution. We demonstrate it on one-stage and two-stage algorithms under different configurations. For practical applications, training of our method is of efficiency and simplicity which gets rid of complex data sampling or optimize strategy. During test-ing, the proposed method requires no extra operation and is very supportive of hardware acceleration like TensorRT and TVM. On the COCO test-dev, our model could achieve a 41.5 mAP on one-stage detector and 42.1 mAP on two-stage detectors based on ResNet-101, outperforming base-lines by 2.4 and 2.1 respectively without extra FLOPS. 
### 17.A Better Way to Attend: Attention with Trees for Video Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02218.pdf)
>  We propose a new attention model for video question answering. The main idea of the attention models is to locate on the most informative parts of the visual data. The attention mechanisms are quite popular these days. However, most existing visual attention mechanisms regard the question as a whole. They ignore the word-level semantics where each word can have different attentions and some words need no attention. Neither do they consider the semantic structure of the sentences. Although the Extended Soft Attention (E-SA) model for video question answering leverages the word-level attention, it performs poorly on long question sentences. In this paper, we propose the heterogeneous tree-structured memory network (HTreeMN) for video question answering. Our proposed approach is based upon the syntax parse trees of the question sentences. The HTreeMN treats the words differently where the \textit{visual} words are processed with an attention module and the \textit{verbal} ones not. It also utilizes the semantic structure of the sentences by combining the neighbors based on the recursive structure of the parse trees. The understandings of the words and the videos are propagated and merged from leaves to the root. Furthermore, we build a hierarchical attention mechanism to distill the attended features. We evaluate our approach on two datasets. The experimental results show the superiority of our HTreeMN model over the other attention models especially on complex questions. Our code is available on github. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZJULearning/TreeAttention" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 18.Synthesizing Coupled 3D Face Modalities by Trunk-Branch Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02215.pdf)
>  Generating realistic 3D faces is of high importance for computer graphics and computer vision applications. Generally, research on 3D face generation revolves around linear statistical models of the facial surface. Nevertheless, these models cannot represent faithfully either the facial texture or the normals of the face, which are very crucial for photo-realistic face synthesis. Recently, it was demonstrated that Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) can be used for generating high-quality textures of faces. Nevertheless, the generation process either omits the geometry and normals, or independent processes are used to produce 3D shape information. In this paper, we present the first methodology that generates high-quality texture, shape, and normals jointly, which can be used for photo-realistic synthesis. To do so, we propose a novel GAN that can generate data from different modalities while exploiting their correlations. Furthermore, we demonstrate how we can condition the generation on the expression and create faces with various facial expressions. The qualitative results shown in this pre-print is compressed due to size limitations, full resolution results and the accompanying video can be found at the project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/barisgecer/TBGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 19.Training Compact Neural Networks via Auxiliary Overparameterization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02214.pdf)
>  It is observed that overparameterization (i.e., designing neural networks whose number of parameters is larger than statistically needed to fit the training data) can improve both optimization and generalization while compact networks are more difficult to be optimized. However, overparameterization leads to slower test-time inference speed and more power consumption. To tackle this problem, we propose a novel auxiliary module to simulate the effect of overparameterization. During training, we expand the compact network with the auxiliary module to formulate a wider network to assist optimization while during inference only the original compact network is kept. Moreover, we propose to automatically search the hierarchical auxiliary structure to avoid adding supervisions heuristically. In experiments, we explore several challenging resource constraint tasks including light-weight classification, semantic segmentation and multi-task learning with hard parameter sharing. We empirically find that the proposed auxiliary module can maintain the complexity of the compact network while significantly improving the performance. 
### 20.Gravity as a Reference for Estimating a Person's Height from Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02211.pdf)
>  Estimating the metric height of a person from monocular imagery without additional assumptions is ill-posed. Existing solutions either require manual calibration of ground plane and camera geometry, special cameras, or reference objects of known size. We focus on motion cues and exploit gravity on earth as an omnipresent reference 'object' to translate acceleration, and subsequently height, measured in image-pixels to values in meters. We require videos of motion as input, where gravity is the only external force. This limitation is different to those of existing solutions that recover a person's height and, therefore, our method opens up new application fields. We show theoretically and empirically that a simple motion trajectory analysis suffices to translate from pixel measurements to the person's metric height, reaching a MAE of up to 3.9 cm on jumping motions, and that this works without camera and ground plane calibration. 
### 21.Image Captioning with Very Scarce Supervised Data: Adversarial Semi-Supervised Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02201.pdf)
>  Constructing an organized dataset comprised of a large number of images and several captions for each image is a laborious task, which requires vast human effort. On the other hand, collecting a large number of images and sentences separately may be immensely easier. In this paper, we develop a novel data-efficient semi-supervised framework for training an image captioning model. We leverage massive unpaired image and caption data by learning to associate them. To this end, our proposed semi-supervised learning method assigns pseudo-labels to unpaired samples via Generative Adversarial Networks to learn the joint distribution of image and caption. To evaluate, we construct scarcely-paired COCO dataset, a modified version of MS COCO caption dataset. The empirical results show the effectiveness of our method compared to several strong baselines, especially when the amount of the paired samples are scarce. 
### 22.Future Frame Prediction Using Convolutional VRNN for Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02168.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection in videos aims at reporting anything that does not conform the normal behaviour or distribution. However, due to the sparsity of abnormal video clips in real life, collecting annotated data for supervised learning is exceptionally cumbersome. Inspired by the practicability of generative models for semi-supervised learning, we propose a novel sequential generative model based on variational autoencoder (VAE) for future frame prediction with convolutional LSTM (ConvLSTM). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that considers temporal information in future frame prediction based anomaly detection framework from the model perspective. Our experiments demonstrate that our approach is superior to the state-of-the-art methods on three benchmark datasets. 
### 23.Poly-GAN: Multi-Conditioned GAN for Fashion Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02165.pdf)
>  We present Poly-GAN, a novel conditional GAN architecture that is motivated by Fashion Synthesis, an application where garments are automatically placed on images of human models at an arbitrary pose. Poly-GAN allows conditioning on multiple inputs and is suitable for many tasks, including image alignment, image stitching, and inpainting. Existing methods have a similar pipeline where three different networks are used to first align garments with the human pose, then perform stitching of the aligned garment and finally refine the results. Poly-GAN is the first instance where a common architecture is used to perform all three tasks. Our novel architecture enforces the conditions at all layers of the encoder and utilizes skip connections from the coarse layers of the encoder to the respective layers of the decoder. Poly-GAN is able to perform a spatial transformation of the garment based on the RGB skeleton of the model at an arbitrary pose. Additionally, Poly-GAN can perform image stitching, regardless of the garment orientation, and inpainting on the garment mask when it contains irregular holes. Our system achieves state-of-the-art quantitative results on Structural Similarity Index metric and Inception Score metric using the DeepFashion dataset. 
### 24.Understanding Human Gaze Communication by Spatio-Temporal Graph Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02144.pdf)
>  This paper addresses a new problem of understanding human gaze communication in social videos from both atomic-level and event-level, which is significant for studying human social interactions. To tackle this novel and challenging problem, we contribute a large-scale video dataset, VACATION, which covers diverse daily social scenes and gaze communication behaviors with complete annotations of objects and human faces, human attention, and communication structures and labels in both atomic-level and event-level. Together with VACATION, we propose a spatio-temporal graph neural network to explicitly represent the diverse gaze interactions in the social scenes and to infer atomic-level gaze communication by message passing. We further propose an event network with encoder-decoder structure to predict the event-level gaze communication. Our experiments demonstrate that the proposed model improves various baselines significantly in predicting the atomic-level and event-level gaze 
### 25.Program-Guided Image Manipulators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02116.pdf)
>  Humans are capable of building holistic representations for images at various levels, from local objects, to pairwise relations, to global structures. The interpretation of structures involves reasoning over repetition and symmetry of the objects in the image. In this paper, we present the Program-Guided Image Manipulator (PG-IM), inducing neuro-symbolic program-like representations to represent and manipulate images. Given an image, PG-IM detects repeated patterns, induces symbolic programs, and manipulates the image using a neural network that is guided by the program. PG-IM learns from a single image, exploiting its internal statistics. Despite trained only on image inpainting, PG-IM is directly capable of extrapolation and regularity editing in a unified framework. Extensive experiments show that PG-IM achieves superior performance on all the tasks. 
### 26.Weakly Supervised Universal Fracture Detection in Pelvic X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02077.pdf)
>  Hip and pelvic fractures are serious injuries with life-threatening complications. However, diagnostic errors of fractures in pelvic X-rays (PXRs) are very common, driving the demand for computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) solutions. A major challenge lies in the fact that fractures are localized patterns that require localized analyses. Unfortunately, the PXRs residing in hospital picture archiving and communication system do not typically specify region of interests. In this paper, we propose a two-stage hip and pelvic fracture detection method that executes localized fracture classification using weakly supervised ROI mining. The first stage uses a large capacity fully-convolutional network, i.e., deep with high levels of abstraction, in a multiple instance learning setting to automatically mine probable true positive and definite hard negative ROIs from the whole PXR in the training data. The second stage trains a smaller capacity model, i.e., shallower and more generalizable, with the mined ROIs to perform localized analyses to classify fractures. During inference, our method detects hip and pelvic fractures in one pass by chaining the probability outputs of the two stages together. We evaluate our method on 4 410 PXRs, reporting an area under the ROC curve value of 0.975, the highest among state-of-the-art fracture detection methods. Moreover, we show that our two-stage approach can perform comparably to human physicians (even outperforming emergency physicians and surgeons), in a preliminary reader study of 23 readers. 
### 27.Large-scale Tag-based Font Retrieval with Generative Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02072.pdf)
>  Font selection is one of the most important steps in a design workflow. Traditional methods rely on ordered lists which require significant domain knowledge and are often difficult to use even for trained professionals. In this paper, we address the problem of large-scale tag-based font retrieval which aims to bring semantics to the font selection process and enable people without expert knowledge to use fonts effectively. We collect a large-scale font tagging dataset of high-quality professional fonts. The dataset contains nearly 20,000 fonts, 2,000 tags, and hundreds of thousands of font-tag relations. We propose a novel generative feature learning algorithm that leverages the unique characteristics of fonts. The key idea is that font images are synthetic and can therefore be controlled by the learning algorithm. We design an integrated rendering and learning process so that the visual feature from one image can be used to reconstruct another image with different text. The resulting feature captures important font design details while is robust to nuisance factors such as text. We propose a novel attention mechanism to re-weight the visual feature for joint visual-text modeling. We combine the feature and the attention mechanism in a novel recognition-retrieval model. Experimental results show that our method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art for the important problem of large-scale tag-based font retrieval. 
### 28.ApproxNet: Content and Contention Aware Video Analytics System for the Edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02068.pdf)
>  Videos take lot of time to transport over the network, hence running analytics on live video at the edge devices, right where it was captured has become an important system driver. However these edge devices, e.g., IoT devices, surveillance cameras, AR/VR gadgets are resource constrained. This makes it impossible to run state-of-the-art heavy Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) on them and yet provide low and stable latency under various circumstances, such as, changes in the resource availability on the device, the content characteristics, or requirements from the user. In this paper we introduce ApproxNet, a video analytics system for the edge. It enables novel dynamic approximation techniques to achieve desired inference latency and accuracy trade-off under different system conditions and resource contentions, variations in the complexity of the video contents and user requirements. It achieves this by enabling two approximation knobs within a single DNN model, rather than creating and maintaining an ensemble of models (such as in MCDNN [Mobisys-16]). Ensemble models run into memory issues on the lightweight devices and incur large switching penalties among the models in response to runtime changes. We show that ApproxNet can adapt seamlessly at runtime to video content changes and changes in system dynamics to provide low and stable latency for object detection on a video stream. We compare the accuracy and the latency to ResNet [2015], MCDNN, and MobileNets [Google-2017]. 
### 29.Do Cross Modal Systems Leverage Semantic Relationships?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.01976.pdf)
>  Current cross-modal retrieval systems are evaluated using R@K measure which does not leverage semantic relationships rather strictly follows the manually marked image text query pairs. Therefore, current systems do not generalize well for the unseen data in the wild. To handle this, we propose a new measure, SemanticMap, to evaluate the performance of cross-modal systems. Our proposed measure evaluates the semantic similarity between the image and text representations in the latent embedding space. We also propose a novel cross-modal retrieval system using a single stream network for bidirectional retrieval. The proposed system is based on a deep neural network trained using extended center loss, minimizing the distance of image and text descriptions in the latent space from the class centers. In our system, the text descriptions are also encoded as images which enabled us to use a single stream network for both text and images. To the best of our knowledge, our work is the first of its kind in terms of employing a single stream network for cross-modal retrieval systems. The proposed system is evaluated on two publicly available datasets including MSCOCO and Flickr30K and has shown comparable results to the current state-of-the-art methods. 
### 30.CT Data Curation for Liver Patients: Phase Recognition in Dynamic Contrast-Enhanced CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02511.pdf)
>  As the demand for more descriptive machine learning models grows within medical imaging, bottlenecks due to data paucity will exacerbate. Thus, collecting enough large-scale data will require automated tools to harvest data/label pairs from messy and real-world datasets, such as hospital PACS. This is the focus of our work, where we present a principled data curation tool to extract multi-phase CT liver studies and identify each scan's phase from a real-world and heterogenous hospital PACS dataset. Emulating a typical deployment scenario, we first obtain a set of noisy labels from our institutional partners that are text mined using simple rules from DICOM tags. We train a deep learning system, using a customized and streamlined 3D SE architecture, to identify non-contrast, arterial, venous, and delay phase dynamic CT liver scans, filtering out anything else, including other types of liver contrast studies. To exploit as much training data as possible, we also introduce an aggregated cross entropy loss that can learn from scans only identified as "contrast". Extensive experiments on a dataset of 43K scans of 7680 patient imaging studies demonstrate that our 3DSE architecture, armed with our aggregated loss, can achieve a mean F1 of 0.977 and can correctly harvest up to 92.7% of studies, which significantly outperforms the text-mined and standard-loss approach, and also outperforms other, and more complex, model architectures. 
### 31.AFP-Net: Realtime Anchor-Free Polyp Detection in Colonoscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02477.pdf)
>  Colorectal cancer (CRC) is a common and lethal disease. Globally, CRC is the third most commonly diagnosed cancer in males and the second in females. For colorectal cancer, the best screening test available is the colonoscopy. During a colonoscopic procedure, a tiny camera at the tip of the endoscope generates a video of the internal mucosa of the colon. The video data are displayed on a monitor for the physician to examine the lining of the entire colon and check for colorectal polyps. Detection and removal of colorectal polyps are associated with a reduction in mortality from colorectal cancer. However, the miss rate of polyp detection during colonoscopy procedure is often high even for very experienced physicians. The reason lies in the high variation of polyp in terms of shape, size, textural, color and illumination. Though challenging, with the great advances in object detection techniques, automated polyp detection still demonstrates a great potential in reducing the false negative rate while maintaining a high precision. In this paper, we propose a novel anchor free polyp detector that can localize polyps without using predefined anchor boxes. To further strengthen the model, we leverage a Context Enhancement Module and Cosine Ground truth Projection. Our approach can respond in real time while achieving state-of-the-art performance with 99.36% precision and 96.44% recall. 
### 32.Are Adversarial Robustness and Common Perturbation Robustness Independant Attributes ?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02436.pdf)
>  Neural Networks have been shown to be sensitive to common perturbations such as blur, Gaussian noise, rotations, etc. They are also vulnerable to some artificial malicious corruptions called adversarial examples. The adversarial examples study has recently become very popular and it sometimes even reduces the term "adversarial robustness" to the term "robustness". Yet, we do not know to what extent the adversarial robustness is related to the global robustness. Similarly, we do not know if a robustness to various common perturbations such as translations or contrast losses for instance, could help with adversarial corruptions. We intend to study the links between the robustnesses of neural networks to both perturbations. With our experiments, we provide one of the first benchmark designed to estimate the robustness of neural networks to common perturbations. We show that increasing the robustness to carefully selected common perturbations, can make neural networks more robust to unseen common perturbations. We also prove that adversarial robustness and robustness to common perturbations are independent. Our results make us believe that neural network robustness should be addressed in a broader sense. 
### 33.Tensor Oriented No-Reference Light Field Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02358.pdf)
>  Light field image (LFI) quality assessment is becoming more and more important, which helps to better guide the acquisition, processing and application of immersive media. However, due to the inherent high dimensional characteristics of LFI, the LFI quality assessment turns into a multi-dimensional problem that requires consideration of the quality degradation in both spatial and angular dimensions. Therefore, we propose a novel Tensor oriented No-reference Light Field image Quality evaluator (Tensor-NLFQ) based on tensor theory. Specifically, since the LFI is regarded as a low-rank 4D tensor, the principle components of four oriented sub-aperture view stacks are obtained via Tucker decomposition. Then, the Principal Component Spatial Characteristic (PCSC) is designed to measure the spatial-dimensional quality of LFI considering its global naturalness and local frequency properties. Finally, the Tensor Angular Variation Index (TAVI) is proposed to measure angular consistency quality by analyzing the structural similarity distribution between the first principal component and each view in the view stack. Extensive experimental results on four publicly available LFI quality databases demonstrate that the proposed Tensor-NLFQ model outperforms state-of-the-art 2D, 3D, multi-view, and LFI quality assessment algorithms. 
### 34.The application of Convolutional Neural Networks to Detect Slow, Sustained Deformation in InSAR Timeseries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02321.pdf)
>  Automated systems for detecting deformation in satellite InSAR imagery could be used to develop a global monitoring system for volcanic and urban environments. Here we explore the limits of a CNN for detecting slow, sustained deformations in wrapped interferograms. Using synthetic data, we estimate a detection threshold of 3.9cm for deformation signals alone, and 6.3cm when atmospheric artefacts are considered. Over-wrapping reduces this to 1.8cm and 5.0cm respectively as more fringes are generated without altering SNR. We test the approach on timeseries of cumulative deformation from Campi Flegrei and Dallol, where over-wrapping improves classication performance by up to 15%. We propose a mean-filtering method for combining results of different wrap parameters to flag deformation. At Campi Flegrei, deformation of 8.5cm/yr was detected after 60days and at Dallol, deformation of 3.5cm/yr was detected after 310 days. This corresponds to cumulative displacements of 3 cm and 4 cm consistent with estimates based on synthetic data. 
### 35.Robust Navigation with Language Pretraining and Stochastic Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02244.pdf)
>  Core to the vision-and-language navigation (VLN) challenge is building robust instruction representations and action decoding schemes, which can generalize well to previously unseen instructions and environments. In this paper, we report two simple but highly effective methods to address these challenges and lead to a new state-of-the-art performance. First, we adapt large-scale pretrained language models to learn text representations that generalize better to previously unseen instructions. Second, we propose a stochastic sampling scheme to reduce the considerable gap between the expert actions in training and sampled actions in test, so that the agent can learn to correct its own mistakes during long sequential action decoding. Combining the two techniques, we achieve a new state of the art on the Room-to-Room benchmark with 6% absolute gain over the previous best result (47% -&gt; 53%) on the Success Rate weighted by Path Length metric. 
### 36.Super-resolved Chromatic Mapping of Snapshot Mosaic Image Sensors via a Texture Sensitive Residual Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02221.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel method to simultaneously super-resolve and colour-predict images acquired by snapshot mosaic sensors. These sensors allow for spectral images to be acquired using low-power, small form factor, solid-state CMOS sensors that can operate at video frame rates without the need for complex optical setups. Despite their desirable traits, their main drawback stems from the fact that the spatial resolution of the imagery acquired by these sensors is low. Moreover, chromatic mapping in snapshot mosaic sensors is not straightforward since the bands delivered by the sensor tend to be narrow and unevenly distributed across the range in which they operate. We tackle this drawback as applied to chromatic mapping by using a residual channel attention network equipped with a texture sensitive block. Our method significantly outperforms the traditional approach of interpolating the image and, afterwards, applying a colour matching function. This work establishes state-of-the-art in this domain while also making available to the research community a dataset containing 296 registered stereo multi-spectral/RGB images pairs. 
### 37.REO-Relevance, Extraness, Omission: A Fine-grained Evaluation for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02217.pdf)
>  Popular metrics used for evaluating image captioning systems, such as BLEU and CIDEr, provide a single score to gauge the system's overall effectiveness. This score is often not informative enough to indicate what specific errors are made by a given system. In this study, we present a fine-grained evaluation method REO for automatically measuring the performance of image captioning systems. REO assesses the quality of captions from three perspectives: 1) Relevance to the ground truth, 2) Extraness of the content that is irrelevant to the ground truth, and 3) Omission of the elements in the images and human references. Experiments on three benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method achieves a higher consistency with human judgments and provides more intuitive evaluation results than alternative metrics. 
### 38.Towards Precise Robotic Grasping by Probabilistic Post-grasp Displacement Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02129.pdf)
>  Precise robotic grasping is important for many industrial applications, such as assembly and palletizing, where the location of the object needs to be controlled and known. However, achieving precise grasps is challenging due to noise in sensing and control, as well as unknown object properties. We propose a method to plan robotic grasps that are both robust and precise by training two convolutional neural networks - one to predict the robustness of a grasp and another to predict a distribution of post-grasp object displacements. Our networks are trained with depth images in simulation on a dataset of over 1000 industrial parts and were successfully deployed on a real robot without having to be further fine-tuned. The proposed displacement estimator achieves a mean prediction errors of 0.68cm and 3.42deg on novel objects in real world experiments. 
### 39.Decoupled Box Proposal and Featurization with Ultrafine-Grained Semantic Labels Improve Image Captioning and Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02097.pdf)
>  Object detection plays an important role in current solutions to vision and language tasks like image captioning and visual question answering. However, popular models like Faster R-CNN rely on a costly process of annotating ground-truths for both the bounding boxes and their corresponding semantic labels, making it less amenable as a primitive task for transfer learning. In this paper, we examine the effect of decoupling box proposal and featurization for down-stream tasks. The key insight is that this allows us to leverage a large amount of labeled annotations that were previously unavailable for standard object detection benchmarks. Empirically, we demonstrate that this leads to effective transfer learning and improved image captioning and visual question answering models, as measured on publicly available benchmarks. 
### 40.DCGANs for Realistic Breast Mass Augmentation in X-ray Mammography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02062.pdf)
>  Early detection of breast cancer has a major contribution to curability, and using mammographic images, this can be achieved non-invasively. Supervised deep learning, the dominant CADe tool currently, has played a great role in object detection in computer vision, but it suffers from a limiting property: the need of a large amount of labelled data. This becomes stricter when it comes to medical datasets which require high-cost and time-consuming annotations. Furthermore, medical datasets are usually imbalanced, a condition that often hinders classifiers performance. The aim of this paper is to learn the distribution of the minority class to synthesise new samples in order to improve lesion detection in mammography. Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks (DCGANs) can efficiently generate breast masses. They are trained on increasing-size subsets of one mammographic dataset and used to generate diverse and realistic breast masses. The effect of including the generated images and/or applying horizontal and vertical flipping is tested in an environment where a 1:10 imbalanced dataset of masses and normal tissue patches is classified by a fully-convolutional network. A maximum of ~ 0:09 improvement of F1 score is reported by using DCGANs along with flipping augmentation over using the original images. We show that DCGANs can be used for synthesising photo-realistic breast mass patches with considerable diversity. It is demonstrated that appending synthetic images in this environment, along with flipping, outperforms the traditional augmentation method of flipping solely, offering faster improvements as a function of the training set size. 
### 41.TIGEr: Text-to-Image Grounding for Image Caption Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02050.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new metric called TIGEr for the automatic evaluation of image captioning systems. Popular metrics, such as BLEU and CIDEr, are based solely on text matching between reference captions and machine-generated captions, potentially leading to biased evaluations because references may not fully cover the image content and natural language is inherently ambiguous. Building upon a machine-learned text-image grounding model, TIGEr allows to evaluate caption quality not only based on how well a caption represents image content, but also on how well machine-generated captions match human-generated captions. Our empirical tests show that TIGEr has a higher consistency with human judgments than alternative existing metrics. We also comprehensively assess the metric's effectiveness in caption evaluation by measuring the correlation between human judgments and metric scores. 
### 42.Online Regularization by Denoising with Applications to Phase Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.02040.pdf)
>  Regularization by denoising (RED) is a powerful framework for solving imaging inverse problems. Most RED algorithms are iterative batch procedures, which limits their applicability to very large datasets. In this paper, we address this limitation by introducing a novel online RED (On-RED) algorithm, which processes a small subset of the data at a time. We establish the theoretical convergence of On-RED in convex settings and empirically discuss its effectiveness in non-convex ones by illustrating its applicability to phase retrieval. Our results suggest that On-RED is an effective alternative to the traditional RED algorithms when dealing with large datasets. 
