# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 12 Sep 2019
### 1.SoftTriple Loss: Deep Metric Learning Without Triplet Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05235.pdf)
>  Distance metric learning (DML) is to learn the embeddings where examples from the same class are closer than examples from different classes. It can be cast as an optimization problem with triplet constraints. Due to the vast number of triplet constraints, a sampling strategy is essential for DML. With the tremendous success of deep learning in classifications, it has been applied for DML. When learning embeddings with deep neural networks (DNNs), only a mini-batch of data is available at each iteration. The set of triplet constraints has to be sampled within the mini-batch. Since a mini-batch cannot capture the neighbors in the original set well, it makes the learned embeddings sub-optimal. On the contrary, optimizing SoftMax loss, which is a classification loss, with DNN shows a superior performance in certain DML tasks. It inspires us to investigate the formulation of SoftMax. Our analysis shows that SoftMax loss is equivalent to a smoothed triplet loss where each class has a single center. In real-world data, one class can contain several local clusters rather than a single one, e.g., birds of different poses. Therefore, we propose the SoftTriple loss to extend the SoftMax loss with multiple centers for each class. Compared with conventional deep metric learning algorithms, optimizing SoftTriple loss can learn the embeddings without the sampling phase by mildly increasing the size of the last fully connected layer. Experiments on the benchmark fine-grained data sets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed loss function. 
### 2.Comparative Analysis of CNN-based Spatiotemporal Reasoning in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05165.pdf)
>  Understanding actions and gestures in video streams requires temporal reasoning of the spatial content from different time instants, i.e., spatiotemporal (ST) modeling. In this paper, we have made a comparative analysis of different ST modeling techniques. Since convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are proved to be an effective tool as a feature extractor for static images, we apply ST modeling techniques on the features of static images from different time instants extracted by CNNs. All techniques are trained end-to-end together with a CNN feature extraction part and evaluated on two publicly available benchmarks: The Jester and the Something-Something dataset. The Jester dataset contains various dynamic and static hand gestures, whereas the Something-Something dataset contains actions of human-object interactions. The common characteristic of these two benchmarks is that the designed architectures need to capture the full temporal content of the actions/gestures in the correct order. Contrary to expectations, experimental results show that recurrent neural network (RNN) based ST modeling techniques yield inferior results compared to other techniques such as fully convolutional architectures. Codes and pretrained models of this work are publicly available. 
### 3.Attention-Aware Age-Agnostic Visual Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05163.pdf)
>  A cross-domain visual place recognition (VPR) task is proposed in this work, i.e., matching images of the same architectures depicted in different domains. VPR is commonly treated as an image retrieval task, where a query image from an unknown location is matched with relevant instances from geo-tagged gallery database. Different from conventional VPR settings where the query images and gallery images come from the same domain, we propose a more common but challenging setup where the query images are collected under a new unseen condition. The two domains involved in this work are contemporary street view images of Amsterdam from the Mapillary dataset (source domain) and historical images of the same city from Beeldbank dataset (target domain). We tailored an age-invariant feature learning CNN that can focus on domain invariant objects and learn to match images based on a weakly supervised ranking loss. We propose an attention aggregation module that is robust to domain discrepancy between the train and the test data. Further, a multi-kernel maximum mean discrepancy (MK-MMD) domain adaptation loss is adopted to improve the cross-domain ranking performance. Both attention and adaptation modules are unsupervised while the ranking loss uses weak supervision. Visual inspection shows that the attention module focuses on built forms while the dramatically changing environment are less weighed. Our proposed CNN achieves state of the art results (99% accuracy) on the single-domain VPR task and 20% accuracy at its best on the cross-domain VPR task, revealing the difficulty of age-invariant VPR. 
### 4.Context Aware Road-user Importance Estimation (iCARE)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05152.pdf)
>  Road-users are a critical part of decision-making for both self-driving cars and driver assistance systems. Some road-users, however, are more important for decision-making than others because of their respective intentions, ego vehicle's intention and their effects on each other. In this paper, we propose a novel architecture for road-user importance estimation which takes advantage of the local and global context of the scene. For local context, the model exploits the appearance of the road users (which captures orientation, intention, etc.) and their location relative to ego-vehicle. The global context in our model is defined based on the feature map of the convolutional layer of the module which predicts the future path of the ego-vehicle and contains rich global information of the scene (e.g., infrastructure, road lanes, etc.), as well as the ego vehicle's intention information. Moreover, this paper introduces a new data set of real-world driving, concentrated around inter-sections and includes annotations of important road users. Systematic evaluations of our proposed method against several baselines show promising results. 
### 5.Word and character segmentation directly in run-length compressed handwritten document images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05146.pdf)
>  From the literature, it is demonstrated that performing text-line segmentation directly in the run-length compressed handwritten document images significantly reduces the computational time and memory space. In this paper, we investigate the issues of word and character segmentation directly on the run-length compressed document images. Primarily, the spreads of the characters are intelligently extracted from the foreground runs of the compressed data and subsequently connected components are established. The spacing between the connected components would be larger between the adjacent words when compared to that of intra-words. With this knowledge, a threshold is empirically chosen for inter-word separation. Every connected component within a word is further analysed for character segmentation. Here, min-cut graph concept is used for separating the touching characters. Over-segmentation and under-segmentation issues are addressed by insertion and deletion operations respectively. The approach has been developed particularly for compressed handwritten English document images. However, the model has been tested on non-English document images. 
### 6.Appearance invariant Entry-Exit matching using visual soft biometric traits  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05145.pdf)
>  The problem of appearance invariant subject recognition for Entry-Exit surveillance applications is addressed. A novel Semantic Entry-Exit matching model that makes use of ancillary information about subjects such as height, build, complexion and clothing color to endorse exit of every subject who had entered private area is proposed in this paper. The proposed method is robust to variations in clothing. Each describing attribute is given equal weight while computing the matching score and hence the proposed model achieves high rank-k accuracy on benchmark datasets. The soft biometric traits used as a combination though cannot achieve high rank-1 accuracy, it helps to narrow down the search to match using reliable biometric traits such as gait and face whose learning and matching time is costlier when compared to the visual soft biometrics. 
### 7.DNANet: De-Normalized Attention Based Multi-Resolution Network for Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05090.pdf)
>  Recently, multi-resolution networks (such as Hourglass, CPN, HRNet, etc.) have achieved significant performance on the task of human pose estimation by combining features from various resolutions. In this paper, we propose a novel type of attention module, namely De-Normalized Attention (DNA) to deal with the feature attenuations of conventional attention modules. Our method extends the original HRNet with spatial, channel-wise and resolution-wise DNAs, which aims at evaluating the importance of features from different locations, channels and resolutions to enhance the network capability for feature representation. We also propose to add fine-to-coarse connections across high-to-low resolutions in-side each layer of HRNet to increase the maximum depth of network topology. In addition, we propose to modify the keypoint regressor at the end of HRNet for accurate keypoint heatmap prediction. The effectiveness of our proposed network is demonstrated on COCO keypoint detection dataset, achieving state-of-the-art performance at 76.9 AP score on COCO val2017 dataset without using extra keypoint training data. Our paper will be accompanied with publicly available codes at GitHub. 
### 8.Image Segmentation using Multi-Threshold technique by Histogram Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05084.pdf)
>  The segmentation of digital images is one of the essential steps in image processing or a computer vision system. It helps in separating the pixels into different regions according to their intensity level. A large number of segmentation techniques have been proposed, and a few of them use complex computational operations. Among all, the most straightforward procedure that can be easily implemented is thresholding. In this paper, we present a unique heuristic approach for image segmentation that automatically determines multilevel thresholds by sampling the histogram of a digital image. Our approach emphasis on selecting a valley as optimal threshold values. We demonstrated that our approach outperforms the popular Otsu's method in terms of CPU computational time. We demonstrated that our approach outperforms the popular Otsu's method in terms of CPU computational time. We observed a maximum speed-up of 35.58x and a minimum speed-up of 10.21x on popular image processing benchmarks. To demonstrate the correctness of our approach in determining threshold values, we compute PSNR, SSIM, and FSIM values to compare with the values obtained by Otsu's method. This evaluation shows that our approach is comparable and better in many cases as compared to well known Otsu's method. 
### 9.Local block-wise self attention for normal organ segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05054.pdf)
>  We developed a new and computationally simple local block-wise self attention based normal structures segmentation approach applied to head and neck computed tomography (CT) images. Our method uses the insight that normal organs exhibit regularity in their spatial location and inter-relation within images, which can be leveraged to simplify the computations required to aggregate feature information. We accomplish this by using local self attention blocks that pass information between each other to derive the attention map. We show that adding additional attention layers increases the contextual field and captures focused attention from relevant structures. We developed our approach using U-net and compared it against multiple state-of-the-art self attention methods. All models were trained on 48 internal headneck CT scans and tested on 48 CT scans from the external public domain database of computational anatomy dataset. Our method achieved the highest Dice similarity coefficient segmentation accuracy of 0.85$\pm$0.04, 0.86$\pm$0.04 for left and right parotid glands, 0.79$\pm$0.07 and 0.77$\pm$0.05 for left and right submandibular glands, 0.93$\pm$0.01 for mandible and 0.88$\pm$0.02 for the brain stem with the lowest increase of 66.7\% computing time per image and 0.15\% increase in model parameters compared with standard U-net. The best state-of-the-art method called point-wise spatial attention, achieved \textcolor{black}{comparable accuracy but with 516.7\% increase in computing time and 8.14\% increase in parameters compared with standard U-net.} Finally, we performed ablation tests and studied the impact of attention block size, overlap of the attention blocks, additional attention layers, and attention block placement on segmentation performance. 
### 10.Temporally Grounding Language Queries in Videos by Contextual Boundary-aware Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05010.pdf)
>  The task of temporally grounding language queries in videos is to temporally localize the best matched video segment corresponding to a given language (sentence). It requires certain models to simultaneously perform visual and linguistic understandings. Previous work predominantly ignores the precision of segment localization. Sliding window based methods use predefined search window sizes, which suffer from redundant computation, while existing anchor-based approaches fail to yield precise localization. We address this issue by proposing an end-to-end boundary-aware model, which uses a lightweight branch to predict semantic boundaries corresponding to the given linguistic information. To better detect semantic boundaries, we propose to aggregate contextual information by explicitly modeling the relationship between the current element and its neighbors. The most confident segments are subsequently selected based on both anchor and boundary predictions at the testing stage. The proposed model, dubbed Contextual Boundary-aware Prediction (CBP), outperforms its competitors with a clear margin on three public datasets. 
### 11.Human Visual Attention Prediction Boosts Learning &amp; Performance of Autonomous Driving Agents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05003.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving is a multi-task problem requiring a deep understanding of the visual environment. End-to-end autonomous systems have attracted increasing interest as a method of learning to drive without exhaustively programming behaviours for different driving scenarios. When humans drive, they rely on a finely tuned sensory system which enables them to quickly acquire the information they need while filtering unnecessary details. This ability to identify task-specific high-interest regions within an image could be beneficial to autonomous driving agents and machine learning systems in general. To create a system capable of imitating human gaze patterns and visual attention, we collect eye movement data from human drivers in a virtual reality environment. We use this data to train deep neural networks predicting where humans are most likely to look when driving. We then use the outputs of this trained network to selectively mask driving images using a variety of masking techniques. Finally, autonomous driving agents are trained using these masked images as input. Upon comparison, we found that a dual-branch architecture which processes both raw and attention-masked images substantially outperforms all other models, reducing error in control signal predictions by 25.5\% compared to a standard end-to-end model trained only on raw images. 
### 12.How Old Are You? Face Age Translation with Identity Preservation Using GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04988.pdf)
>  We present a novel framework to generate images of different age while preserving identity information, which is known as face aging. Different from most recent popular face aging networks utilizing Generative Adversarial Networks(GANs) application, our approach do not simply transfer a young face to an old one. Instead, we employ the edge map as intermediate representations, firstly edge maps of young faces are extracted, a CycleGAN-based network is adopted to transfer them into edge maps of old faces, then another pix2pixHD-based network is adopted to transfer the synthesized edge maps, concatenated with identity information, into old faces. In this way, our method can generate more realistic transfered images, simultaneously ensuring that face identity information be preserved well, and the apparent age of the generated image be accurately appropriate. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is feasible for face age translation. 
### 13.CARS: Continuous Evolution for Efficient Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04977.pdf)
>  Searching techniques in most of existing neural architecture search (NAS) algorithms are mainly dominated by differentiable methods for the efficiency reason. In contrast, we develop an efficient continuous evolutionary approach for searching neural networks. Architectures in the population which share parameters within one supernet in the latest iteration will be tuned over the training dataset with a few epochs. The searching in the next evolution iteration will directly inherit both the supernet and the population, which accelerates the optimal network generation. The non-dominated sorting strategy is further applied to preserve only results on the Pareto front for accurately updating the supernet. Several neural networks with different model sizes and performance will be produced after the continuous search with only 0.4 GPU days. As a result, our framework provides a series of networks with the number of parameters ranging from 3.7M to 5.1M under mobile settings. These networks surpass those produced by the state-of-the-art methods on the benchmark ImageNet dataset. 
### 14.Computer-Aided Automated Detection of Gene-Controlled Social Actions of Drosophila  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04974.pdf)
>  Gene expression of social actions in Drosophilae has been attracting wide interest from biologists, medical scientists and psychologists. Gene-edited Drosophilae have been used as a test platform for experimental investigation. For example, Parkinson's genes can be embedded into a group of newly bred Drosophilae for research purpose. However, human observation of numerous tiny Drosophilae for a long term is an arduous work, and the dependence on human's acute perception is highly unreliable. As a result, an automated system of social action detection using machine learning has been highly demanded. In this study, we propose to automate the detection and classification of two innate aggressive actions demonstrated by Drosophilae. Robust keypoint detection is achieved using selective spatio-temporal interest points (sSTIP) which are then described using the 3D Scale Invariant Feature Transform (3D-SIFT) descriptors. Dimensionality reduction is performed using Spectral Regression Kernel Discriminant Analysis (SR-KDA) and classification is done using the nearest centre rule. The classification accuracy shown demonstrates the feasibility of the proposed system. 
### 15.WSOD^2: Learning Bottom-up and Top-down Objectness Distillation for Weakly-supervised Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04972.pdf)
>  We study on weakly-supervised object detection (WSOD) which plays a vital role in relieving human involvement from object-level annotations. Predominant works integrate region proposal mechanisms with convolutional neural networks (CNN). Although CNN is proficient in extracting discriminative local features, grand challenges still exist to measure the likelihood of a bounding box containing a complete object (i.e., "objectness"). In this paper, we propose a novel WSOD framework with Objectness Distillation (i.e., WSOD^2) by designing a tailored training mechanism for weakly-supervised object detection. Multiple regression targets are specifically determined by jointly considering bottom-up (BU) and top-down (TD) objectness from low-level measurement and CNN confidences with an adaptive linear combination. As bounding box regression can facilitate a region proposal learning to approach its regression target with high objectness during training, deep objectness representation learned from bottom-up evidences can be gradually distilled into CNN by optimization. We explore different adaptive training curves for BU/TD objectness, and show that the proposed WSOD^2 can achieve state-of-the-art results. 
### 16.AnimalWeb: A Large-Scale Hierarchical Dataset of Annotated Animal Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04951.pdf)
>  Being heavily reliant on animals, it is our ethical obligation to improve their well-being by understanding their needs. Several studies show that animal needs are often expressed through their faces. Though remarkable progress has been made towards the automatic understanding of human faces, this has regrettably not been the case with animal faces. There exists significant room and appropriate need to develop automatic systems capable of interpreting animal faces. Among many transformative impacts, such a technology will foster better and cheaper animal healthcare, and further advance animal psychology understanding. <br>We believe the underlying research progress is mainly obstructed by the lack of an adequately annotated dataset of animal faces, covering a wide spectrum of animal species. To this end, we introduce a large-scale, hierarchical annotated dataset of animal faces, featuring 21.9K faces from 334 diverse species and 21 animal orders across biological taxonomy. These faces are captured `in-the-wild' conditions and are consistently annotated with 9 landmarks on key facial features. The proposed dataset is structured and scalable by design; its development underwent four systematic stages involving rigorous, manual annotation effort of over 6K man-hours. We benchmark it for face alignment using the existing art under novel problem settings. Results showcase its challenging nature, unique attributes and present definite prospects for novel, adaptive, and generalized face-oriented CV algorithms. We further benchmark the dataset for face detection and fine-grained recognition tasks, to demonstrate multi-task applications and room for improvement. Experiments indicate that this dataset will push the algorithmic advancements across many related CV tasks and encourage the development of novel systems for animal facial behaviour monitoring. We will make the dataset publicly available. 
### 17.Multi-Sensor 3D Object Box Refinement for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04942.pdf)
>  We propose a 3D object detection system with multi-sensor refinement in the context of autonomous driving. In our framework, the monocular camera serves as the fundamental sensor for 2D object proposal and initial 3D bounding box prediction. While the stereo cameras and LiDAR are treated as adaptive plug-in sensors to refine the 3D box localization performance. For each observed element in the raw measurement domain (e.g., pixels for stereo, 3D points for LiDAR), we model the local geometry as an instance vector representation, which indicates the 3D coordinate of each element respecting to the object frame. Using this unified geometric representation, the 3D object location can be unified refined by the stereo photometric alignment or point cloud alignment. We demonstrate superior 3D detection and localization performance compared to state-of-the-art monocular, stereo methods and competitive performance compared with the baseline LiDAR method on the KITTI object benchmark. 
### 18.Distortion-adaptive Salient Object Detection in 360$^\circ$ Omnidirectional Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04913.pdf)
>  Image-based salient object detection (SOD) has been extensively explored in the past decades. However, SOD on 360$^\circ$ omnidirectional images is less studied owing to the lack of datasets with pixel-level annotations. Toward this end, this paper proposes a 360$^\circ$ image-based SOD dataset that contains 500 high-resolution equirectangular images. We collect the representative equirectangular images from five mainstream 360$^\circ$ video datasets and manually annotate all objects and regions over these images with precise masks with a free-viewpoint way. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first public available dataset for salient object detection on 360$^\circ$ scenes. By observing this dataset, we find that distortion from projection, large-scale complex scene and small salient objects are the most prominent characteristics. Inspired by these foundings, this paper proposes a baseline model for SOD on equirectangular images. In the proposed approach, we construct a distortion-adaptive module to deal with the distortion caused by the equirectangular projection. In addition, a multi-scale contextual integration block is introduced to perceive and distinguish the rich scenes and objects in omnidirectional scenes. The whole network is organized in a progressively manner with deep supervision. Experimental results show the proposed baseline approach outperforms the top-performanced state-of-the-art methods on 360$^\circ$ SOD dataset. Moreover, benchmarking results of the proposed baseline approach and other methods on 360$^\circ$ SOD dataset show the proposed dataset is very challenging, which also validate the usefulness of the proposed dataset and approach to boost the development of SOD on 360$^\circ$ omnidirectional scenes. 
### 19.Revisiting Foreground-Background Imbalance in Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04868.pdf)
>  We report comparable COCO AP results for object detectors with and without sampling/reweighting schemes. Such the schemes, e.g. undersampling, Focal Loss and GHM, have always been considered as an especially essential component for training detectors, which is supposed to alleviate the extreme imbalance between foregrounds and backgrounds. Nevertheless, our report reveals that for addressing the imbalance to achieve higher accuracy, these schemes are not necessary. Specifically, by three simple training/inference strategies - decoupling objectness from classification, biased initialization, threshold movement, we successfully abandon sampling/reweighting schemes in the representatives of one-stage (RetinaNet), two-stage (Faster R-CNN), and anchor-free (FCOS) detectors, with the not worse performance than the vanilla models. As the sampling/reweighting schemes usually introduce laborious hyper-parameters tuning, we expect our discovery could simplify the training procedure of object detectors. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ChenJoya/resobjness" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 20.Deep Elastic Networks with Model Selection for Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04860.pdf)
>  In this work, we consider the problem of instance-wise dynamic network model selection for multi-task learning. To this end, we propose an efficient approach to exploit a compact but accurate model in a backbone architecture for each instance of all tasks. The proposed method consists of an estimator and a selector. The estimator is based on a backbone architecture and structured hierarchically. It can produce multiple different network models of different configurations in a hierarchical structure. The selector chooses a model dynamically from a pool of candidate models given an input instance. The selector is a relatively small-size network consisting of a few layers, which estimates a probability distribution over the candidate models when an input instance of a task is given. Both estimator and selector are jointly trained in a unified learning framework in conjunction with a sampling-based learning strategy, without additional computation steps. We demonstrate the proposed approach for several image classification tasks compared to existing approaches performing model selection or learning multiple tasks. Experimental results show that our approach gives not only outstanding performance compared to other competitors but also the versatility to perform instance-wise model selection for multiple tasks. 
### 21.Dual-attention Focused Module for Weakly Supervised Object Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04813.pdf)
>  The research on recognizing the most discriminative regions provides referential information for weakly supervised object localization with only image-level annotations. However, the most discriminative regions usually conceal the other parts of the object, thereby impeding entire object recognition and localization. To tackle this problem, the Dual-attention Focused Module (DFM) is proposed to enhance object localization performance. Specifically, we present a dual attention module for information fusion, consisting of a position branch and a channel one. In each branch, the input feature map is deduced into an enhancement map and a mask map, thereby highlighting the most discriminative parts or hiding them. For the position mask map, we introduce a focused matrix to enhance it, which utilizes the principle that the pixels of an object are continuous. Between these two branches, the enhancement map is integrated with the mask map, aiming at partially compensating the lost information and diversifies the features. With the dual-attention module and focused matrix, the entire object region could be precisely recognized with implicit information. We demonstrate outperforming results of DFM in experiments. In particular, DFM achieves state-of-the-art performance in localization accuracy in ILSVRC 2016 and CUB-200-2011. 
### 22.Probabilistic framework for solving Visual Dialog  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04800.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a probabilistic framework for solving the task of `Visual Dialog'. Solving this task requires reasoning and understanding of visual modality, language modality, and common sense knowledge to answer. Various architectures have been proposed to solve this task by variants of multi-modal deep learning techniques that combine visual and language representations. However, we believe that it is crucial to understand and analyze the sources of uncertainty for solving this task. Our approach allows for estimating uncertainty and also aids a diverse generation of answers. The proposed approach is obtained through a probabilistic representation module that provides us with representations for image, question and conversation history, a module that ensures that diverse latent representations for candidate answers are obtained given the probabilistic representations and an uncertainty representation module that chooses the appropriate answer that minimizes uncertainty. We thoroughly evaluate the model with a detailed ablation analysis, comparison with state of the art and visualization of the uncertainty that aids in the understanding of the method. Using the proposed probabilistic framework, we thus obtain an improved visual dialog system that is also more explainable. 
### 23.Semantic Similarity Based Softmax Classifier for Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04790.pdf)
>  Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL) is a classification task where we do not have even a single training labeled example from a set of unseen classes. Instead, we only have prior information (or description) about seen and unseen classes, often in the form of physically realizable or descriptive attributes. Lack of any single training example from a set of classes prohibits use of standard classification techniques and losses, including the popular crossentropy loss. Currently, state-of-the-art approaches encode the prior class information into dense vectors and optimize some distance between the learned projections of the input vector and the corresponding class vector (collectively known as embedding models). In this paper, we propose a novel architecture of casting zero-shot learning as a standard neural-network with crossentropy loss. During training our approach performs soft-labeling by combining the observed training data for the seen classes with the similarity information from the attributes for which we have no training data or unseen classes. To the best of our knowledge, such similarity based soft-labeling is not explored in the field of deep learning. We evaluate the proposed model on the four benchmark datasets for zero-shot learning, AwA, aPY, SUN and CUB datasets, and show that our model achieves significant improvement over the state-of-the-art methods in Generalized-ZSL and ZSL settings on all of these datasets consistently. 
### 24.Reasoning About Human-Object Interactions Through Dual Attention Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04743.pdf)
>  Objects are entities we act upon, where the functionality of an object is determined by how we interact with it. In this work we propose a Dual Attention Network model which reasons about human-object interactions. The dual-attentional framework weights the important features for objects and actions respectively. As a result, the recognition of objects and actions mutually benefit each other. The proposed model shows competitive classification performance on the human-object interaction dataset Something-Something. Besides, it can perform weak spatiotemporal localization and affordance segmentation, despite being trained only with video-level labels. The model not only finds when an action is happening and which object is being manipulated, but also identifies which part of the object is being interacted with. Project page: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://dual-attention-network.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 25.Sunny and Dark Outside?! Improving Answer Consistency in VQA through Entailed Question Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04696.pdf)
>  While models for Visual Question Answering (VQA) have steadily improved over the years, interacting with one quickly reveals that these models lack consistency. For instance, if a model answers "red" to "What color is the balloon?", it might answer "no" if asked, "Is the balloon red?". These responses violate simple notions of entailment and raise questions about how effectively VQA models ground language. In this work, we introduce a dataset, ConVQA, and metrics that enable quantitative evaluation of consistency in VQA. For a given observable fact in an image (e.g. the balloon's color), we generate a set of logically consistent question-answer (QA) pairs (e.g. Is the balloon red?) and also collect a human-annotated set of common-sense based consistent QA pairs (e.g. Is the balloon the same color as tomato sauce?). Further, we propose a consistency-improving data augmentation module, a Consistency Teacher Module (CTM). CTM automatically generates entailed (or similar-intent) questions for a source QA pair and fine-tunes the VQA model if the VQA's answer to the entailed question is consistent with the source QA pair. We demonstrate that our CTM-based training improves the consistency of VQA models on the ConVQA datasets and is a strong baseline for further research. 
### 26.Sampling Strategies for GAN Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04689.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have been used widely to generate large volumes of synthetic data. This data is being utilized for augmenting with real examples in order to train deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Studies have shown that the generated examples lack sufficient realism to train deep CNNs and are poor in diversity. Unlike previous studies of randomly augmenting the synthetic data with real data, we present our simple, effective and easy to implement synthetic data sampling methods to train deep CNNs more efficiently and accurately. To this end, we propose to maximally utilize the parameters learned during training of the GAN itself. These include discriminator's realism confidence score and the confidence on the target label of the synthetic data. In addition to this, we explore reinforcement learning (RL) to automatically search a subset of meaningful synthetic examples from a large pool of GAN synthetic data. We evaluate our method on two challenging face attribute classification data sets viz. AffectNet and CelebA. Our extensive experiments clearly demonstrate the need of sampling synthetic data before augmentation, which also improves the performance of one of the state-of-the-art deep CNNs in vitro. 
### 27.Disentangled Image Matting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04686.pdf)
>  Most previous image matting methods require a roughly-specificed trimap as input, and estimate fractional alpha values for all pixels that are in the unknown region of the trimap. In this paper, we argue that directly estimating the alpha matte from a coarse trimap is a major limitation of previous methods, as this practice tries to address two difficult and inherently different problems at the same time: identifying true blending pixels inside the trimap region, and estimate accurate alpha values for them. We propose AdaMatting, a new end-to-end matting framework that disentangles this problem into two sub-tasks: trimap adaptation and alpha estimation. Trimap adaptation is a pixel-wise classification problem that infers the global structure of the input image by identifying definite foreground, background, and semi-transparent image regions. Alpha estimation is a regression problem that calculates the opacity value of each blended pixel. Our method separately handles these two sub-tasks within a single deep convolutional neural network (CNN). Extensive experiments show that AdaMatting has additional structure awareness and trimap fault-tolerance. Our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on Adobe Composition-1k dataset both qualitatively and quantitatively. It is also the current best-performing method on the <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://alphamatting.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> online evaluation for all commonly-used metrics. 
### 28.Reconstructing continuously heterogeneous structures from single particle cryo-EM with deep generative models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05215.pdf)
>  Cryo-electron microscopy (cryo-EM) is a powerful technique for determining the structure of proteins and other macromolecular complexes at near-atomic resolution. In single particle cryo-EM, the central problem is to reconstruct the three-dimensional structure of a macromolecule from $10^{4-7}$ noisy and randomly oriented two-dimensional projections. However, the imaged protein complexes may exhibit structural variability, which complicates reconstruction and is typically addressed using discrete clustering approaches that fail to capture the full range of protein dynamics. Here, we introduce a novel method for cryo-EM reconstruction that extends naturally to modeling continuous generative factors of structural heterogeneity. This method encodes structures in Fourier space using coordinate-based deep neural networks, and trains these networks from unlabeled 2D cryo-EM images by combining exact inference over image orientation with variational inference for structural heterogeneity. We demonstrate that the proposed method, termed cryoDRGN, can perform ab initio reconstruction of 3D protein complexes from simulated and real 2D cryo-EM image data. To our knowledge, cryoDRGN is the first neural network-based approach for cryo-EM reconstruction and the first end-to-end method for directly reconstructing continuous ensembles of protein structures from cryo-EM images. 
### 29.Multi-stage domain adversarial style reconstruction for cytopathological image stain normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05184.pdf)
>  The different stain styles of cytopathological images have a negative effect on the generalization ability of automated image analysis algorithms. This article proposes a new framework that normalizes the stain style for cytopathological images through a stain removal module and a multi-stage domain adversarial style reconstruction module. We convert colorful images into grayscale images with a color-encoding mask. Using the mask, reconstructed images retain their basic color without red and blue mixing, which is important for cytopathological image interpretation. The style reconstruction module consists of per-pixel regression with intradomain adversarial learning, inter-domain adversarial learning, and optional task-based refining. Per-pixel regression with intradomain adversarial learning establishes the generative network from the decolorized input to the reconstructed output. The interdomain adversarial learning further reduces the difference in stain style. The generation network can be optimized by combining it with the task network. Experimental results show that the proposed techniques help to optimize the generation network. The average accuracy increases from 75.41% to 84.79% after the intra-domain adversarial learning, and to 87.00% after interdomain adversarial learning. Under the guidance of the task network, the average accuracy rate reaches 89.58%. The proposed method achieves unsupervised stain normalization of cytopathological images, while preserving the cell structure, texture structure, and cell color properties of the image. This method overcomes the problem of generalizing the task models between different stain styles of cytopathological images. 
### 30.CEREBRuM: a Convolutional Encoder-decodeR for Fully Volumetric Fast sEgmentation of BRain MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05085.pdf)
>  Many functional and structural neuroimaging studies call for accurate morphometric segmentation of different brain structures starting from image intensity values of MRI scans. Current automatic (multi-) atlas-based segmentation strategies often lack accuracy on difficult-to-segment brain structures and, since these methods rely on atlas-to-scan alignment, they may take long processing times. Recently, methods deploying solutions based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are making the direct analysis of out-of-the-scanner data feasible. However, current CNN-based solutions partition the test volume into 2D or 3D patches, which are processed independently. This entails a loss of global contextual information thereby negatively impacting the segmentation accuracy. In this work, we design and test an optimised end-to-end CNN architecture that makes the exploitation of global spatial information computationally tractable, allowing to process a whole MRI volume at once. We adopt a weakly supervised learning strategy by exploiting a large dataset composed by 947 out-of-the-scanner (3 Tesla T1-weighted 1mm isotropic MP-RAGE 3D sequences) MR Images. The resulting model is able to produce accurate multi-structure segmentation results in only few seconds. Different quantitative measures demonstrate an improved accuracy of our solution when compared to state-of-the-art techniques. Moreover, through a randomised survey involving expert neuroscientists, we show that subjective judgements clearly prefer our solution with respect to the widely adopted atlas-based FreeSurfer software. 
### 31.PCONV: The Missing but Desirable Sparsity in DNN Weight Pruning for Real-time Execution on Mobile Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05073.pdf)
>  Model compression techniques on Deep Neural Network (DNN) have been widely acknowledged as an effective way to achieve acceleration on a variety of platforms, and DNN weight pruning is a straightforward and effective method. There are currently two mainstreams of pruning methods representing two extremes of pruning regularity: non-structured, fine-grained pruning can achieve high sparsity and accuracy, but is not hardware friendly; structured, coarse-grained pruning exploits hardware-efficient structures in pruning, but suffers from accuracy drop when the pruning rate is high. In this paper, we introduce PCONV, comprising a new sparsity dimension, -- fine-grained pruning patterns inside the coarse-grained structures. PCONV comprises two types of sparsities, Sparse Convolution Patterns (SCP) which is generated from intra-convolution kernel pruning and connectivity sparsity generated from inter-convolution kernel pruning. Essentially, SCP enhances accuracy due to its special vision properties, and connectivity sparsity increases pruning rate while maintaining balanced workload on filter computation. To deploy PCONV, we develop a novel compiler-assisted DNN inference framework and execute PCONV models in real-time without accuracy compromise, which cannot be achieved in prior work. Our experimental results show that, PCONV outperforms three state-of-art end-to-end DNN frameworks, TensorFlow-Lite, TVM, and Alibaba Mobile Neural Network with speedup up to 39.2x, 11.4x, and 6.3x, respectively, with no accuracy loss. Mobile devices can achieve real-time inference on large-scale DNNs. 
### 32.Sparse and Imperceivable Adversarial Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05040.pdf)
>  Neural networks have been proven to be vulnerable to a variety of adversarial attacks. From a safety perspective, highly sparse adversarial attacks are particularly dangerous. On the other hand the pixelwise perturbations of sparse attacks are typically large and thus can be potentially detected. We propose a new black-box technique to craft adversarial examples aiming at minimizing $l_0$-distance to the original image. Extensive experiments show that our attack is better or competitive to the state of the art. Moreover, we can integrate additional bounds on the componentwise perturbation. Allowing pixels to change only in region of high variation and avoiding changes along axis-aligned edges makes our adversarial examples almost non-perceivable. Moreover, we adapt the Projected Gradient Descent attack to the $l_0$-norm integrating componentwise constraints. This allows us to do adversarial training to enhance the robustness of classifiers against sparse and imperceivable adversarial manipulations. 
### 33.Learning to Propagate for Graph Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05024.pdf)
>  Meta-learning extracts the common knowledge acquired from learning different tasks and uses it for unseen tasks. It demonstrates a clear advantage on tasks that have insufficient training data, e.g., few-shot learning. In most meta-learning methods, tasks are implicitly related via the shared model or optimizer. In this paper, we show that a meta-learner that explicitly relates tasks on a graph describing the relations of their output dimensions (e.g., classes) can significantly improve the performance of few-shot learning. This type of graph is usually free or cheap to obtain but has rarely been explored in previous works. We study the prototype based few-shot classification, in which a prototype is generated for each class, such that the nearest neighbor search between the prototypes produces an accurate classification. We introduce "Gated Propagation Network (GPN)", which learns to propagate messages between prototypes of different classes on the graph, so that learning the prototype of each class benefits from the data of other related classes. In GPN, an attention mechanism is used for the aggregation of messages from neighboring classes, and a gate is deployed to choose between the aggregated messages and the message from the class itself. GPN is trained on a sequence of tasks from many-shot to few-shot generated by subgraph sampling. During training, it is able to reuse and update previously achieved prototypes from the memory in a life-long learning cycle. In experiments, we change the training-test discrepancy and test task generation settings for thorough evaluations. GPN outperforms recent meta-learning methods on two benchmark datasets in all studied cases. 
### 34.Few-Shot Classification on Unseen Domains by Learning Disparate Modulators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04999.pdf)
>  Although few-shot learning studies have advanced rapidly with the help of meta-learning, their practical applicability is still limited because most of them assumed that all meta-training and meta-testing examples came from the same domain. Leveraging meta-learning on multiple heterogeneous domains, we propose a few-shot classification method which adapts to novel domains as well as novel classes, which is believed to be more practical in the real world. To address this challenging problem, we start from building a pool of multiple embedding models. Inspired by multi-task learning techniques, we design each model to have its own per-layer modulator with a base network shared by others. This allows the pool to have representational diversity as a whole without losing beneficial domain-invariant features. Experimental results show that our framework can be utilized effectively for few-shot learning on unseen domains by learning to select the best model or averaging all models in the pool. Additionally, ours outperform previous methods in few-shot classification tasks on multiple seen domains. 
### 35.Monitoring Achilles tendon healing progress in ultrasound imaging with convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04973.pdf)
>  Achilles tendon rupture is a debilitating injury, which is typically treated with surgical repair and long-term rehabilitation. The recovery, however, is protracted and often incomplete. Diagnosis, as well as healing progress assessment, are largely based on ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging. In this paper, we propose an automatic method based on deep learning for analysis of Achilles tendon condition and estimation of its healing progress on ultrasound images. We develop custom convolutional neural networks for classification and regression on healing score and feature extraction. Our models are trained and validated on an acquired dataset of over 250.000 sagittal and over 450.000 axial ultrasound slices. The obtained estimates show a high correlation with the assessment of expert radiologists, with respect to all key parameters describing healing progress. We also observe that parameters associated with i.a. intratendinous healing processes are better modeled with sagittal slices. We prove that ultrasound imaging is quantitatively useful for clinical assessment of Achilles tendon healing process and should be viewed as complementary to magnetic resonance imaging. 
### 36.BERTgrid: Contextualized Embedding for 2D Document Representation and Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04948.pdf)
>  For understanding generic documents, information like font sizes, column layout, and generally the positioning of words may carry semantic information that is crucial for solving a downstream document intelligence task. Our novel BERTgrid, which is based on Chargrid by Katti et al. (2018), represents a document as a grid of contextualized word piece embedding vectors, thereby making its spatial structure and semantics accessible to the processing neural network. The contextualized embedding vectors are retrieved from a BERT language model. We use BERTgrid in combination with a fully convolutional network on a semantic instance segmentation task for extracting fields from invoices. We demonstrate its performance on tabulated line item and document header field extraction. 
### 37.Multi-Year Vector Dynamic Time Warping Based Crop Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04930.pdf)
>  Recent automated crop mapping via supervised learning-based methods have demonstrated unprecedented improvement over classical techniques. However, most crop mapping studies are limited to same-year crop mapping in which the present year's labeled data is used to predict the same year's crop map. Classification accuracies of these methods degrade considerably in cross-year mapping. Cross-year crop mapping is more useful as it allows the prediction of the following years' crop maps using previously labeled data. We propose Vector Dynamic Time Warping (VDTW), a novel multi-year classification approach based on warping of angular distances between phenological vectors. The results prove that the proposed VDTW method is robust to temporal and spectral variations compensating for different farming practices, climate and atmospheric effects, and measurement errors between years. We also describe a method for determining the most discriminative time window that allows high classification accuracies with limited data. We carried out tests of our approach with Landsat 8 time-series imagery from years 2013 to 2016 for classification of corn and cotton in the Harran Plain, and corn, cotton, and soybean in the Bismil Plain of Southeastern Turkey. In addition, we tested VDTW corn and soybean in Kansas, the US for 2017 and 2018 with the Harmonized Landsat Sentinel data. The VDTW method achieved 99.85% and 99.74% overall accuracies for the same and cross years, respectively with fewer training samples compared to other state-of-the-art approaches, i.e. spectral angle mapper (SAM), dynamic time warping (DTW), time-weighted DTW (TWDTW), random forest (RF), support vector machine (SVM) and deep long short-term memory (LSTM) methods. The proposed method could be expanded for other crop types and/or geographical areas. 
### 38.Deep Declarative Networks: A New Hope  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04866.pdf)
>  We introduce a new class of end-to-end learnable models wherein data processing nodes (or network layers) are defined in terms of desired behavior rather than an explicit forward function. Specifically, the forward function is implicitly defined as the solution to a mathematical optimization problem. Consistent with nomenclature in the programming languages community, we name our models deep declarative networks. Importantly, we show that the class of deep declarative networks subsumes current deep learning models. Moreover, invoking the implicit function theorem, we show how gradients can be back-propagated through declaratively defined data processing nodes thereby enabling end-to-end learning. We show how these declarative processing nodes can be implemented in the popular PyTorch deep learning software library allowing declarative and imperative nodes to co-exist within the same network. We provide numerous insights and illustrative examples of declarative nodes and demonstrate their application for image and point cloud classification tasks. 
### 39.Towards Noise-Robust Neural Networks via Progressive Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04839.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples, intentionally designed inputs tending to mislead deep neural networks, have attracted great attention in the past few years. Although a series of defense strategies have been developed and achieved encouraging model robustness, most of them are still vulnerable to the more commonly witnessed corruptions, e.g., Gaussian noise, blur, etc., in the real world. In this paper, we theoretically and empirically discover the fact that there exists an inherent connection between adversarial robustness and corruption robustness. Based on the fundamental discovery, this paper further proposes a more powerful training method named Progressive Adversarial Training (PAT) that adds diversified adversarial noises progressively during training, and thus obtains robust model against both adversarial examples and corruptions through higher training data complexity. Meanwhile, we also theoretically find that PAT can promise better generalization ability. Experimental evaluation on MNIST, CIFAR-10 and SVHN show that PAT is able to enhance the robustness and generalization of the state-of-the-art network structures, performing comprehensively well compared to various augmentation methods. Moreover, we also propose Mixed Test to evaluate model generalization ability more fairly. 
### 40.Identifying and Resisting Adversarial Videos Using Temporal Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04837.pdf)
>  Video classification is a challenging task in computer vision. Although Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have achieved excellent performance in video classification, recent research shows adding imperceptible perturbations to clean videos can make the well-trained models output wrong labels with high confidence. In this paper, we propose an effective defense framework to characterize and defend adversarial videos. The proposed method contains two phases: (1) adversarial video detection using temporal consistency between adjacent frames, and (2) adversarial perturbation reduction via denoisers in the spatial and temporal domains respectively. Specifically, because of the linear nature of DNNs, the imperceptible perturbations will enlarge with the increasing of DNNs depth, which leads to the inconsistency of DNNs output between adjacent frames. However, the benign video frames often have the same outputs with their neighbor frames owing to the slight changes. Based on this observation, we can distinguish between adversarial videos and benign videos. After that, we utilize different defense strategies against different attacks. We propose the temporal defense, which reconstructs the polluted frames with their temporally neighbor clean frames, to deal with the adversarial videos with sparse polluted frames. For the videos with dense polluted frames, we use an efficient adversarial denoiser to process each frame in the spatial domain, and thus purify the perturbations (we call it as spatial defense). A series of experiments conducted on the UCF-101 dataset demonstrate that the proposed method significantly improves the robustness of video classifiers against adversarial attacks. 
### 41.Antipodal Robotic Grasping using Generative Residual Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04810.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle the problem of generating antipodal robotic grasps for unknown objects from n-channel image of the scene. We propose a novel Generative Residual Convolutional Neural Network (GR-ConvNet) model that can generate robust antipodal grasps from n-channel input at realtime speeds (~20ms). We evaluate the proposed model architecture on standard datasets and previously unseen household objects. We achieved state-of-the-art accuracy of 97.7% and 94.6% on Cornell and Jacquard grasping datasets respectively. We also demonstrate a 93.5% grasp success rate on previously unseen real-world objects. Our open-source implementation of GR-ConvNet can be found at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/skumra/robotic-grasping" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 42.Variable Rate Deep Image Compression With a Conditional Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04802.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel variable-rate learned image compression framework with a conditional autoencoder. Previous learning-based image compression methods mostly require training separate networks for different compression rates so they can yield compressed images of varying quality. In contrast, we train and deploy only one variable-rate image compression network implemented with a conditional autoencoder. We provide two rate control parameters, i.e., the Lagrange multiplier and the quantization bin size, which are given as conditioning variables to the network. Coarse rate adaptation to a target is performed by changing the Lagrange multiplier, while the rate can be further fine-tuned by adjusting the bin size used in quantizing the encoded representation. Our experimental results show that the proposed scheme provides a better rate-distortion trade-off than the traditional variable-rate image compression codecs such as JPEG2000 and BPG. Our model also shows comparable and sometimes better performance than the state-of-the-art learned image compression models that deploy multiple networks trained for varying rates. 
### 43.Hybrid Cascaded Neural Network for Liver Lesion Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04797.pdf)
>  Automatic liver lesion segmentation is a challenging task while having a significant impact on assisting medical professionals in the designing of effective treatment and planning proper care. In this paper we propose a cascaded system that combines both 2D and 3D convolutional neural networks to effectively segment hepatic lesions. Our 2D network operates on a slice by slice basis to segment the liver and larger tumors, while we use a 3D network to detect small lesions that are often missed in a 2D segmentation design. We employ this algorithm on the LiTS challenge obtaining a Dice score per case of 68.1%, which performs the best among all non pre-trained models and the second best among published methods. We also perform two-fold cross-validation to reveal the over- and under-segmentation issues in the LiTS annotations. 
### 44.Localized Adversarial Training for Increased Accuracy and Robustness in Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04779.pdf)
>  Today's state-of-the-art image classifiers fail to correctly classify carefully manipulated adversarial images. In this work, we develop a new, localized adversarial attack that generates adversarial examples by imperceptibly altering the backgrounds of normal images. We first use this attack to highlight the unnecessary sensitivity of neural networks to changes in the background of an image, then use it as part of a new training technique: localized adversarial training. By including locally adversarial images in the training set, we are able to create a classifier that suffers less loss than a non-adversarially trained counterpart model on both natural and adversarial inputs. The evaluation of our localized adversarial training algorithm on MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets shows decreased accuracy loss on natural images, and increased robustness against adversarial inputs. 
