# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 24 Sep 2019
### 1.Hydrocephalus verification on brain magnetic resonance images with deep convolutional neural networks and "transfer learning" technique  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10473.pdf)
>  The hydrocephalus can be either an independent disease or a concomitant symptom of a number of pathologies, therefore representing an urgent issue in the present-day clinical practice. Deep Learning is an evolving technology and the part of a broader field of Machine Learning. Deep learning is currently actively researched in the field of radiology. The aim of this study was to evaluate deep learning applicability to the diagnostics of hydrocephalus with the use of MRI images. We retrospectively collected, annotated, and preprocessed the brain MRI data of 200 patients with and without radiological signs of hydrocephalus. We applied a state-of-the-art deep convolutional neural network in conjunction with transfer learning method to train a hydrocephalus classifier model. Using deep convolutional neural networks, we achieved a high quality of machine learning model. Accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity of hydrocephalus signs identification was 97%, 98%, and 96% respectively. In this study, we demonstrated the capacity of deep neural networks to identify hydrocephalus syndrome using brain MRI images. Applying transfer learning technique, the high quality of classification was achieved although trained on rather limited data. 
### 2.Hierarchical Point-Edge Interaction Network for Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10469.pdf)
>  We achieve 3D semantic scene labeling by exploring semantic relation between each point and its contextual neighbors through edges. Besides an encoder-decoder branch for predicting point labels, we construct an edge branch to hierarchically integrate point features and generate edge features. To incorporate point features in the edge branch, we establish a hierarchical graph framework, where the graph is initialized from a coarse layer and gradually enriched along the point decoding process. For each edge in the final graph, we predict a label to indicate the semantic consistency of the two connected points to enhance point prediction. At different layers, edge features are also fed into the corresponding point module to integrate contextual information for message passing enhancement in local regions. The two branches interact with each other and cooperate in segmentation. Decent experimental results on several 3D semantic labeling datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our work. 
### 3.Pelvis Surface Estimation From Partial CT for Computer-Aided Pelvic Osteotomies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10452.pdf)
>  Computer-aided surgical systems commonly use preoperative CT scans when performing pelvic osteotomies for intraoperative navigation. These systems have the potential to improve the safety and accuracy of pelvic osteotomies, however, exposing the patient to radiation is a significant drawback. In order to reduce radiation exposure, we propose a new smooth extrapolation method leveraging a partial pelvis CT and a statistical shape model (SSM) of the full pelvis in order to estimate a patient's complete pelvis. A SSM of normal, complete, female pelvis anatomy was created and evaluated from 42 subjects. A leave-one-out test was performed to characterise the inherent generalisation capability of the SSM. An additional leave-one-out test was conducted to measure performance of the smooth extrapolation method and an existing "cut-and-paste" extrapolation method. Unknown anatomy was simulated by keeping the axial slices of the patient's acetabulum intact and varying the amount of the superior iliac crest retained; from 0% to 15% of the total pelvis extent. The smooth technique showed an average improvement over the cut-and-paste method of 1.31 mm and 3.61 mm, in RMS and maximum surface error, respectively. With 5% of the iliac crest retained, the smoothly estimated surface had an RMS surface error of 2.21 mm, an improvement of 1.25 mm when retaining none of the iliac crest. This anatomical estimation method creates the possibility of a patient and surgeon benefiting from the use of a CAS system and simultaneously reducing the patient's radiation exposure. 
### 4.Patch-Based Image Similarity for Intraoperative 2D/3D Pelvis Registration During Periacetabular Osteotomy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10443.pdf)
>  Periacetabular osteotomy is a challenging surgical procedure for treating developmental hip dysplasia, providing greater coverage of the femoral head via relocation of a patient's acetabulum. Since fluoroscopic imaging is frequently used in the surgical workflow, computer-assisted X-Ray navigation of osteotomes and the relocated acetabular fragment should be feasible. We use intensity-based 2D/3D registration to estimate the pelvis pose with respect to fluoroscopic images, recover relative poses of multiple views, and triangulate landmarks which may be used for navigation. Existing similarity metrics are unable to consistently account for the inherent mismatch between the preoperative intact pelvis, and the intraoperative reality of a fractured pelvis. To mitigate the effect of this mismatch, we continuously estimate the relevance of each pixel to solving the registration and use these values as weightings in a patch-based similarity metric. Limiting computation to randomly selected subsets of patches results in faster runtimes than existing patch-based methods. A simulation study was conducted with random fragment shapes, relocations, and fluoroscopic views, and the proposed method achieved a 1.7 mm mean triangulation error over all landmarks, compared to mean errors of 3 mm and 2.8 mm for the non-patched and image-intensity-variance-weighted patch similarity metrics, respectively. 
### 5.Go Wider: An Efficient Neural Network for Point Cloud Analysis via Group Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10431.pdf)
>  In order to achieve better performance for point cloud analysis, many researchers apply deeper neural networks using stacked Multi-Layer-Perceptron (MLP) convolutions over irregular point cloud. However, applying dense MLP convolutions over large amount of points (e.g. autonomous driving application) leads to inefficiency in memory and computation. To achieve high performance but less complexity, we propose a deep-wide neural network, called ShufflePointNet, to exploit fine-grained local features and reduce redundancy in parallel using group convolution and channel shuffle operation. Unlike conventional operation that directly applies MLPs on high-dimensional features of point cloud, our model goes wider by splitting features into groups in advance, and each group with certain smaller depth is only responsible for respective MLP operation, which can reduce complexity and allows to encode more useful information. Meanwhile, we connect communication between groups by shuffling groups in feature channel to capture fine-grained features. We claim that, multi-branch method for wider neural networks is also beneficial to feature extraction for point cloud. We present extensive experiments for shape classification task on ModelNet40 dataset and semantic segmentation task on large scale datasets ShapeNet part, S3DIS and KITTI. We further perform ablation study and compare our model to other state-of-the-art algorithms in terms of complexity and accuracy. 
### 6.Model-Based and Data-Driven Strategies in Medical Image Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10391.pdf)
>  Model-based approaches for image reconstruction, analysis and interpretation have made significant progress over the last decades. Many of these approaches are based on either mathematical, physical or biological models. A challenge for these approaches is the modelling of the underlying processes (e.g. the physics of image acquisition or the patho-physiology of a disease) with appropriate levels of detail and realism. With the availability of large amounts of imaging data and machine learning (in particular deep learning) techniques, data-driven approaches have become more widespread for use in different tasks in reconstruction, analysis and interpretation. These approaches learn statistical models directly from labelled or unlabeled image data and have been shown to be very powerful for extracting clinically useful information from medical imaging. While these data-driven approaches often outperform traditional model-based approaches, their clinical deployment often poses challenges in terms of robustness, generalization ability and interpretability. In this article, we discuss what developments have motivated the shift from model-based approaches towards data-driven strategies and what potential problems are associated with the move towards purely data-driven approaches, in particular deep learning. We also discuss some of the open challenges for data-driven approaches, e.g. generalization to new unseen data (e.g. transfer learning), robustness to adversarial attacks and interpretability. Finally, we conclude with a discussion on how these approaches may lead to the development of more closely coupled imaging pipelines that are optimized in an end-to-end fashion. 
### 7.Shadow Transfer: Single Image Relighting For Urban Road Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10363.pdf)
>  Illumination effects in images, specifically cast shadows and shading, have been shown to decrease the performance of deep neural networks on a large number of vision-based detection, recognition and segmentation tasks in urban driving scenes. A key factor that contributes to this performance gap is the lack of `time-of-day' diversity within real, labeled datasets. There have been impressive advances in the realm of image to image translation in transferring previously unseen visual effects into a dataset, specifically in day to night translation. However, it is not easy to constrain what visual effects, let alone illumination effects, are transferred from one dataset to another during the training process. To address this problem, we propose deep learning framework, called Shadow Transfer, that can relight complex outdoor scenes by transferring realistic shadow, shading, and other lighting effects onto a single image. The novelty of the proposed framework is that it is both self-supervised, and is designed to operate on sensor and label information that is easily available in autonomous vehicle datasets. We show the effectiveness of this method on both synthetic and real datasets, and we provide experiments that demonstrate that the proposed method produces images of higher visual quality than state of the art image to image translation methods. 
### 8.RAUNet: Residual Attention U-Net for Semantic Segmentation of Cataract Surgical Instruments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10360.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation of surgical instruments plays a crucial role in robot-assisted surgery. However, accurate segmentation of cataract surgical instruments is still a challenge due to specular reflection and class imbalance issues. In this paper, a novel network is proposed to segment the cataract surgical instrument. It introduces the attention mechanism to improve feature representation. A new attention module is designed to learn discriminative features. It captures global context and encodes semantic dependencies to emphasize key semantic features, boosting the feature representation. This attention module has very few parameters, which helps to save memory. Thus, it can be flexibly plugged into other networks. Besides, a hybrid loss is introduced to train our network for addressing the class imbalance issue, which merges cross entropy and logarithms of Dice loss. A new dataset named Cata7 is constructed to evaluate our network. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first cataract surgical instrument dataset for semantic segmentation. Based on this dataset, RAUNet achieves state-of-the-art performance 97.71% mean Dice and 95.62% mean IOU. 
### 9.Object Segmentation using Pixel-wise Adversarial Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10341.pdf)
>  Recent deep learning based approaches have shown remarkable success on object segmentation tasks. However, there is still room for further improvement. Inspired by generative adversarial networks, we present a generic end-to-end adversarial approach, which can be combined with a wide range of existing semantic segmentation networks to improve their segmentation performance. The key element of our method is to replace the commonly used binary adversarial loss with a high resolution pixel-wise loss. In addition, we train our generator employing stochastic weight averaging fashion, which further enhances the predicted output label maps leading to state-of-the-art results. We show, that this combination of pixel-wise adversarial training and weight averaging leads to significant and consistent gains in segmentation performance, compared to the baseline models. 
### 10.How to improve CNN-based 6-DoF camera pose estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10312.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and transfer learning have recently been used for 6 degrees of freedom (6-DoF) camera pose estimation. While they do not reach the same accuracy as visual SLAM-based approaches and are restricted to a specific environment, they excel in robustness and can be applied even to a single image. In this paper, we study PoseNet [1] and investigate modifications based on datasets' characteristics to improve the accuracy of the pose estimates. In particular, we emphasize the importance of field-of-view over image resolution; we present a data augmentation scheme to reduce overfitting; we study the effect of Long-Short-Term-Memory (LSTM) cells. Lastly, we combine these modifications and improve PoseNet's performance for monocular CNN based camera pose regression. 
### 11.Human Synthesis and Scene Compositing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10307.pdf)
>  Generating good quality and geometrically plausible synthetic images of humans with the ability to control appearance, pose and shape parameters, has become increasingly important for a variety of tasks ranging from photo editing, fashion virtual try-on, to special effects and image compression. In this paper, we propose HUSC, a HUman Synthesis and Scene Compositing framework for the realistic synthesis of humans with different appearance, in novel poses and scenes. Central to our formulation is 3d reasoning for both people and scenes, in order to produce realistic collages, by correctly modeling perspective effects and occlusion, by taking into account scene semantics and by adequately handling relative scales. Conceptually our framework consists of three components: (1) a human image synthesis model with controllable pose and appearance, based on a parametric representation, (2) a person insertion procedure that leverages the geometry and semantics of the 3d scene, and (3) an appearance compositing process to create a seamless blending between the colors of the scene and the generated human image, and avoid visual artifacts. The performance of our framework is supported by both qualitative and quantitative results, in particular state-of-the art synthesis scores for the DeepFashion dataset. 
### 12.Where to Look Next: Unsupervised Active Visual Exploration on 360째 Input  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10304.pdf)
>  We address the problem of active visual exploration of large 360째 inputs. In our setting an active agent with a limited camera bandwidth explores its 360째 environment by changing its viewing direction at limited discrete time steps. As such, it observes the world as a sequence of narrow field-of-view 'glimpses', deciding for itself where to look next. Our proposed method exceeds previous works' performance by a significant margin without the need for deep reinforcement learning or training separate networks as sidekicks. A key component of our system are the spatial memory maps that make the system aware of the glimpses' orientations (locations in the 360째 image). Further, we stress the advantages of retina-like glimpses when the agent's sensor bandwidth and time-steps are limited. Finally, we use our trained model to do classification of the whole scene using only the information observed in the glimpses. 
### 13.Predicting Landscapes from Environmental Conditions Using Generative Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10296.pdf)
>  Landscapes are meaningful ecological units that strongly depend on the environmental conditions. Such dependencies between landscapes and the environment have been noted since the beginning of Earth sciences and cast into conceptual models describing the interdependencies of climate, geology, vegetation and geomorphology. Here, we ask whether landscapes, as seen from space, can be statistically predicted from pertinent environmental conditions. To this end we adapted a deep learning generative model in order to establish the relationship between the environmental conditions and the view of landscapes from the Sentinel-2 satellite. We trained a conditional generative adversarial network to generate multispectral imagery given a set of climatic, terrain and anthropogenic predictors. The generated imagery of the landscapes share many characteristics with the real one. Results based on landscape patch metrics, indicative of landscape composition and structure, show that the proposed generative model creates landscapes that are more similar to the targets than the baseline models while overall reflectance and vegetation cover are predicted better. We demonstrate that for many purposes the generated landscapes behave as real with immediate application for global change studies. We envision the application of machine learning as a tool to forecast the effects of climate change on the spatial features of landscapes, while we assess its limitations and breaking points. 
### 14.Large Scale Joint Semantic Re-Localisation and Scene Understanding via Globally Unique Instance Coordinate Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10239.pdf)
>  In this work we present a novel approach to joint semantic localisation and scene understanding. Our work is motivated by the need for localisation algorithms which not only predict 6-DoF camera pose but also simultaneously recognise surrounding objects and estimate 3D geometry. Such capabilities are crucial for computer vision guided systems which interact with the environment: autonomous driving, augmented reality and robotics. In particular, we propose a two step procedure. During the first step we train a convolutional neural network to jointly predict per-pixel globally unique instance labels and corresponding local coordinates for each instance of a static object (e.g. a building). During the second step we obtain scene coordinates by combining object center coordinates and local coordinates and use them to perform 6-DoF camera pose estimation. We evaluate our approach on real world (CamVid-360) and artificial (SceneCity) autonomous driving datasets. We obtain smaller mean distance and angular errors than state-of-the-art 6-DoF pose estimation algorithms based on direct pose regression and pose estimation from scene coordinates on all datasets. Our contributions include: (i) a novel formulation of scene coordinate regression as two separate tasks of object instance recognition and local coordinate regression and a demonstration that our proposed solution allows to predict accurate 3D geometry of static objects and estimate 6-DoF pose of camera on (ii) maps larger by several orders of magnitude than previously attempted by scene coordinate regression methods, as well as on (iii) lightweight, approximate 3D maps built from 3D primitives such as building-aligned cuboids. 
### 15.Scheduled Differentiable Architecture Search for Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10236.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have been regarded as a capable class of models for visual recognition problems. Nevertheless, it is not trivial to develop generic and powerful network architectures, which requires significant efforts of human experts. In this paper, we introduce a new idea for automatically exploring architectures on a remould of Differentiable Architecture Search (DAS), which possesses the efficient search via gradient descent. Specifically, we present Scheduled Differentiable Architecture Search (SDAS) for both image and video recognition that nicely integrates the selection of operations during training with a schedule. Technically, an architecture or a cell is represented as a directed graph. Our SDAS gradually fixes the operations on the edges in the graph in a progressive and scheduled manner, as opposed to a one-step decision of operations for all the edges once the training completes in existing DAS, which may make the architecture brittle. Moreover, we enlarge the search space of SDAS particularly for video recognition by devising several unique operations to encode spatio-temporal dynamics and demonstrate the impact in affecting the architecture search of SDAS. Extensive experiments of architecture learning are conducted on CIFAR10, Kinetics10, UCF101 and HMDB51 datasets, and superior results are reported when comparing to DAS method. More remarkably, the search by our SDAS is around 2-fold faster than DAS. When transferring the learnt cells on CIFAR10 and Kinetics10 respectively to large-scale ImageNet and Kinetics400 datasets, the constructed network also outperforms several state-of-the-art hand-crafted structures. 
### 16.Deep Convolutions for In-Depth Automated Rock Typing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10227.pdf)
>  One of the most time-consuming tasks in everyday geologist work is a description of rocks, especially when very accurate description should be done. Here we present the method which helps to maximize the efficiency of geologist and reduce the time for rocks description. We describe the application of methods based on color distribution analysis and feature extraction, as well as the new approach based on convolutional neural networks. We used several well-known neural network architectures (AlexNet, VGG, GoogLeNet, ResNet) and made a comparison of their performance. The precision of the algorithms is up to 95% on the validation set with GoogLeNet architecture. The best of the proposed algorithms can describe the 50 m of full-size core in an automated mode in a minute. 
### 17.WiCV 2019: The Sixth Women In Computer Vision Workshop  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10225.pdf)
>  In this paper we present the Women in Computer Vision Workshop - WiCV 2019, organized in conjunction with CVPR 2019. This event is meant for increasing the visibility and inclusion of women researchers in the computer vision field. Computer vision and machine learning have made incredible progress over the past years, but the number of female researchers is still low both in academia and in industry. WiCV is organized especially for the following reason: to raise visibility of female researchers, to increase collaborations between them, and to provide mentorship to female junior researchers in the field. In this paper, we present a report of trends over the past years, along with a summary of statistics regarding presenters, attendees, and sponsorship for the current workshop. 
### 18.Learning Coupled Spatial-temporal Attention for Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10214.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a coupled spatial-temporal attention (CSTA) model for skeleton-based action recognition, which aims to figure out the most discriminative joints and frames in spatial and temporal domains simultaneously. Conventional approaches usually consider all the joints or frames in a skeletal sequence equally important, which are unrobust to ambiguous and redundant information. To address this, we first learn two sets of weights for different joints and frames through two subnetworks respectively, which enable the model to have the ability of "paying attention to" the relatively informative section. Then, we calculate the cross product based on the weights of joints and frames for the coupled spatial-temporal attention. Moreover, our CSTA mechanisms can be easily plugged into existing hierarchical CNN models (CSTA-CNN) to realize their function. Extensive experimental results on the recently collected UESTC dataset and the currently largest NTU dataset have shown the effectiveness of our proposed method for skeleton-based action recognition. 
### 19.Retrieval-based Localization Based on Domain-invariant Feature Learning under Changing Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10184.pdf)
>  Visual localization is a crucial problem in mobile robotics and autonomous driving. One solution is to retrieve images with known pose from a database for the localization of query images. However, in environments with drastically varying conditions (e.g. illumination changes, seasons, occlusion, dynamic objects), retrieval-based localization is severely hampered and becomes a challenging problem. In this paper, a novel domain-invariant feature learning method (DIFL) is proposed based on ComboGAN, a multi-domain image translation network architecture. By introducing a feature consistency loss (FCL) between the encoded features of the original image and translated image in another domain, we are able to train the encoders to generate domain-invariant features in a self-supervised manner. To retrieve a target image from the database, the query image is first encoded using the encoder belonging to the query domain to obtain a domain-invariant feature vector. We then preform retrieval by selecting the database image with the most similar domain-invariant feature vector. We validate the proposed approach on the CMU-Seasons dataset, where we outperform state-of-the-art learning-based descriptors in retrieval-based localization for high and medium precision scenarios. 
### 20.Smooth Extrapolation of Unknown Anatomy via Statistical Shape Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10153.pdf)
>  Several methods to perform extrapolation of unknown anatomy were evaluated. The primary application is to enhance surgical procedures that may use partial medical images or medical images of incomplete anatomy. Le Fort-based, face-jaw-teeth transplant is one such procedure. From CT data of 36 skulls and 21 mandibles separate Statistical Shape Models of the anatomical surfaces were created. Using the Statistical Shape Models, incomplete surfaces were projected to obtain complete surface estimates. The surface estimates exhibit non-zero error in regions where the true surface is known; it is desirable to keep the true surface and seamlessly merge the estimated unknown surface. Existing extrapolation techniques produce non-smooth transitions from the true surface to the estimated surface, resulting in additional error and a less aesthetically pleasing result. The three extrapolation techniques evaluated were: copying and pasting of the surface estimate (non-smooth baseline), a feathering between the patient surface and surface estimate, and an estimate generated via a Thin Plate Spline trained from displacements between the surface estimate and corresponding vertices of the known patient surface. Feathering and Thin Plate Spline approaches both yielded smooth transitions. However, feathering corrupted known vertex values. Leave-one-out analyses were conducted, with 5% to 50% of known anatomy removed from the left-out patient and estimated via the proposed approaches. The Thin Plate Spline approach yielded smaller errors than the other two approaches, with an average vertex error improvement of 1.46 mm and 1.38 mm for the skull and mandible respectively, over the baseline approach. 
### 21.Robust Local Features for Improving the Generalization of Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10147.pdf)
>  Adversarial training has been demonstrated as one of the most effective methods for training robust models so as to defend against adversarial examples. However, adversarial training often lacks adversarially robust generalization on unseen data. Recent works show that adversarially trained models may be more biased towards global structure features. Instead, in this work, we would like to investigate the relationship between the generalization of adversarial training and the robust local features, as the local features generalize well for unseen shape variation. To learn the robust local features, we develop a Random Block Shuffle (RBS) transformation to break up the global structure features on normal adversarial examples. We continue to propose a new approach called Robust Local Features for Adversarial Training (RLFAT), which first learns the robust local features by adversarial training on the RBS-transformed adversarial examples, and then transfers the robust local features into the training of normal adversarial examples. Finally, we implement RLFAT in two currently state-of-the-art adversarial training frameworks. Extensive experiments on STL-10, CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 datasets show that RLFAT improves the adversarially robust generalization as well as the standard generalization of adversarial training. Additionally, we demonstrate that our method captures more local features of the object, aligning better with human perception. 
### 22.Validation of image-guided cochlear implant programming techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10137.pdf)
>  Cochlear implants (CIs) are a standard treatment for patients who experience severe to profound hearing loss. Recent studies have shown that hearing outcome is correlated with intra-cochlear anatomy and electrode placement. Our group has developed image-guided CI programming (IGCIP) techniques that use image analysis methods to both segment the inner ear structures in pre- or post-implantation CT images and localize the CI electrodes in post-implantation CT images. This permits to assist audiologists with CI programming by suggesting which among the contacts should be deactivated to reduce electrode interaction that is known to affect outcomes. Clinical studies have shown that IGCIP can improve hearing outcomes for CI recipients. However, the sensitivity of IGCIP with respect to the accuracy of the two major steps: electrode localization and intra-cochlear anatomy segmentation, is unknown. In this article, we create a ground truth dataset with conventional CT and micro-CT images of 35 temporal bone specimens to both rigorously characterize the accuracy of these two steps and assess how inaccuracies in these steps affect the overall results. Our study results show that when clinical pre- and post-implantation CTs are available, IGCIP produces results that are comparable to those obtained with the corresponding ground truth in 86.7% of the subjects tested. When only post-implantation CTs are available, this number is 83.3%. These results suggest that our current method is robust to errors in segmentation and localization but also that it can be improved upon. <br>Keywords: cochlear implant, ground truth, segmentation, validation 
### 23.Explainable High-order Visual Question Reasoning: A New Benchmark and Knowledge-routed Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10128.pdf)
>  Explanation and high-order reasoning capabilities are crucial for real-world visual question answering with diverse levels of inference complexity (e.g., what is the dog that is near the girl playing with?) and important for users to understand and diagnose the trustworthiness of the system. Current VQA benchmarks on natural images with only an accuracy metric end up pushing the models to exploit the dataset biases and cannot provide any interpretable justification, which severally hinders advances in high-level question answering. In this work, we propose a new HVQR benchmark for evaluating explainable and high-order visual question reasoning ability with three distinguishable merits: 1) the questions often contain one or two relationship triplets, which requires the model to have the ability of multistep reasoning to predict plausible answers; 2) we provide an explicit evaluation on a multistep reasoning process that is constructed with image scene graphs and commonsense knowledge bases; and 3) each relationship triplet in a large-scale knowledge base only appears once among all questions, which poses challenges for existing networks that often attempt to overfit the knowledge base that already appears in the training set and enforces the models to handle unseen questions and knowledge fact usage. We also propose a new knowledge-routed modular network (KM-net) that incorporates the multistep reasoning process over a large knowledge base into visual question reasoning. An extensive dataset analysis and comparisons with existing models on the HVQR benchmark show that our benchmark provides explainable evaluations, comprehensive reasoning requirements and realistic challenges of VQA systems, as well as our KM-net's superiority in terms of accuracy and explanation ability. 
### 24.Field typing for improved recognition on heterogeneous handwritten forms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10120.pdf)
>  Offline handwriting recognition has undergone continuous progress over the past decades. However, existing methods are typically benchmarked on free-form text datasets that are biased towards good-quality images and handwriting styles, and homogeneous content. In this paper, we show that state-of-the-art algorithms, employing long short-term memory (LSTM) layers, do not readily generalize to real-world structured documents, such as forms, due to their highly heterogeneous and out-of-vocabulary content, and to the inherent ambiguities of this content. To address this, we propose to leverage the content type within an LSTM-based architecture. Furthermore, we introduce a procedure to generate synthetic data to train this architecture without requiring expensive manual annotations. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach at transcribing text on a challenging, real-world dataset of European Accident Statements. 
### 25.mlVIRNET: Multilevel Variational Image Registration Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10084.pdf)
>  We present a novel multilevel approach for deep learning based image registration. Recently published deep learning based registration methods have shown promising results for a wide range of tasks. However, these algorithms are still limited to relatively small deformations. Our method addresses this shortcoming by introducing a multilevel framework, which computes deformation fields on different scales, similar to conventional methods. Thereby, a coarse-level alignment is obtained first, which is subsequently improved on finer levels. We demonstrate our method on the complex task of inhale-to-exhale lung registration. We show that the use of a deep learning multilevel approach leads to significantly better registration results. 
### 26.Tag-based Semantic Features for Scene Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09999.pdf)
>  The existing image feature extraction methods are primarily based on the content and structure information of images, and rarely consider the contextual semantic information. Regarding some types of images such as scenes and objects, the annotations and descriptions of them available on the web may provide reliable contextual semantic information for feature extraction. In this paper, we introduce novel semantic features of an image based on the annotations and descriptions of its similar images available on the web. Specifically, we propose a new method which consists of two consecutive steps to extract our semantic features. For each image in the training set, we initially search the top $k$ most similar images from the internet and extract their annotations/descriptions (e.g., tags or keywords). The annotation information is employed to design a filter bank for each image category and generate filter words (codebook). Finally, each image is represented by the histogram of the occurrences of filter words in all categories. We evaluate the performance of the proposed features in scene image classification on three commonly-used scene image datasets (i.e., MIT-67, Scene15 and Event8). Our method typically produces a lower feature dimension than existing feature extraction methods. Experimental results show that the proposed features generate better classification accuracies than vision based and tag based features, and comparable results to deep learning based features. 
### 27.Double Anchor R-CNN for Human Detection in a Crowd  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09998.pdf)
>  Detecting human in a crowd is a challenging problem due to the uncertainties of occlusion patterns. In this paper, we propose to handle the crowd occlusion problem in human detection by leveraging the head part. Double Anchor RPN is developed to capture body and head parts in pairs. A proposal crossover strategy is introduced to generate high-quality proposals for both parts as a training augmentation. Features of coupled proposals are then aggregated efficiently to exploit the inherent relationship. Finally, a Joint NMS module is developed for robust post-processing. The proposed framework, called Double Anchor R-CNN, is able to detect the body and head for each person simultaneously in crowded scenarios. State-of-the-art results are reported on challenging human detection datasets. Our model yields log-average miss rates (MR) of 51.79pp on CrowdHuman, 55.01pp on COCOPersons~(crowded sub-dataset) and 40.02pp on CrowdPose~(crowded sub-dataset), which outperforms previous baseline detectors by 3.57pp, 3.82pp, and 4.24pp, respectively. We hope our simple and effective approach will serve as a solid baseline and help ease future research in crowded human detection. 
### 28.Variational Conditional GAN for Fine-grained Controllable Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09979.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel variational generator framework for conditional GANs to catch semantic details for improving the generation quality and diversity. Traditional generators in conditional GANs simply concatenate the conditional vector with the noise as the input representation, which is directly employed for upsampling operations. However, the hidden condition information is not fully exploited, especially when the input is a class label. Therefore, we introduce a variational inference into the generator to infer the posterior of latent variable only from the conditional input, which helps achieve a variable augmented representation for image generation. Qualitative and quantitative experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches and achieves the realistic controllable images. 
### 29.Pixel-Level Dense Prediction without Decoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09961.pdf)
>  Pixel-level dense prediction tasks such as keypoint estimation are dominated by encoder-decoder structures, where the decoder as a vital component is complex and computationally intensive. In contrast, we propose a fully decoding-free pixel-level dense prediction network called FlatteNet, in which the high dimensional tensor outputted by the backbone network is directly flattened to fit the desired output resolution. The proposed FlatteNet is end-to-end differentiable. By removing the decoder unit, FlatteNet requires much fewer parameters and lower computational complexity. We empirically demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed network through competitive results in human pose estimation on MPII, semantic segmentation on PASCAL-Context, and object detection on PASCAL VOC. We hope that the proposed FlatteNet can serve as a simple and strong alternative of current mainstream decoder-based pixel-level dense prediction networks. 
### 30.Learning Visual Relation Priors for Image-Text Matching and Image Captioning with Neural Scene Graph Generators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09953.pdf)
>  Grounding language to visual relations is critical to various language-and-vision applications. In this work, we tackle two fundamental language-and-vision tasks: image-text matching and image captioning, and demonstrate that neural scene graph generators can learn effective visual relation features to facilitate grounding language to visual relations and subsequently improve the two end applications. By combining relation features with the state-of-the-art models, our experiments show significant improvement on the standard Flickr30K and MSCOCO benchmarks. Our experimental results and analysis show that relation features improve downstream models' capability of capturing visual relations in end vision-and-language applications. We also demonstrate the importance of learning scene graph generators with visually relevant relations to the effectiveness of relation features. 
### 31.Semi-supervised estimation of event temporal length for cell event detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09946.pdf)
>  Cell event detection in cell videos is essential for monitoring of cellular behavior over extended time periods. Deep learning methods have shown great success in the detection of cell events for their ability to capture more discriminative features of cellular processes compared to traditional methods. In particular, convolutional long short-term memory (LSTM) models, which exploits the changes in cell events observable in video sequences, is the state-of-the-art for mitosis detection in cell videos. However, their limitations are the determination of the input sequence length, which is often performed empirically, and the need for a large annotated training dataset which is expensive to prepare. We propose a novel semi-supervised method of optimal length detection for mitosis detection with two key contributions: (i) an unsupervised step for learning the spatial and temporal locations of cells in their normal stage and approximating the distribution of temporal lengths of cell events and, (ii) a step of inferring, from that distribution, an optimal input sequence length and a minimal number of annotated frames for training a LSTM model for each particular video. We evaluated our method in detecting mitosis in densely packed stem cells in a phase-contrast microscopy videos. Our experimental data prove that increasing the input sequence length of LSTM can lead to a decrease in performance. Our results also show that by approximating the optimal input sequence length of the tested video, a model trained with only 18 annotated frames achieved F1-scores of 0.880-0.907, which are 10% higher than those of other published methods with a full set of 110 training annotated frames. 
### 32.To What Extent Does Downsampling, Compression, and Data Scarcity Impact Renal Image Analysis?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09945.pdf)
>  The condition of the Glomeruli, or filter sacks, in renal Direct Immunofluorescence (DIF) specimens is a critical indicator for diagnosing kidney diseases. A digital pathology system which digitizes a glass histology slide into a Whole Slide Image (WSI) and then automatically detects and zooms in on the glomeruli with a higher magnification objective will be extremely helpful for pathologists. In this paper, using glomerulus detection as the study case, we provide analysis and observations on several important issues to help with the development of Computer Aided Diagnostic (CAD) systems to process WSIs. Large image resolution, large file size, and data scarcity are always challenging to deal with. To this end, we first examine image downsampling rates in terms of their effect on detection accuracy. Second, we examine the impact of image compression. Third, we examine the relationship between the size of the training set and detection accuracy. To understand the above issues, experiments are performed on the state-of-the-art detectors: Faster R-CNN, R-FCN, Mask R-CNN and SSD. Critical findings are observed: (1) The best balance between detection accuracy, detection speed and file size is achieved at 8 times downsampling captured with a $40\times$ objective; (2) compression which reduces the file size dramatically, does not necessarily have an adverse effect on overall accuracy; (3) reducing the amount of training data to some extents causes a drop in precision but has a negligible impact on the recall; (4) in most cases, Faster R-CNN achieves the best accuracy in the glomerulus detection task. We show that the image file size of $40\times$ WSI images can be reduced by a factor of over 6000 with negligible loss of glomerulus detection accuracy. 
### 33.Watch, Listen and Tell: Multi-modal Weakly Supervised Dense Event Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09944.pdf)
>  Multi-modal learning, particularly among imaging and linguistic modalities, has made amazing strides in many high-level fundamental visual understanding problems, ranging from language grounding to dense event captioning. However, much of the research has been limited to approaches that either do not take audio corresponding to video into account at all, or those that model the audio-visual correlations in service of sound or sound source localization. In this paper, we present the evidence, that audio signals can carry surprising amount of information when it comes to high-level visual-lingual tasks. Specifically, we focus on the problem of weakly-supervised dense event captioning in videos and show that audio on its own can nearly rival performance of a state-of-the-art visual model and, combined with video, can improve on the state-of-the-art performance. Extensive experiments on the ActivityNet Captions dataset show that our proposed multi-modal approach outperforms state-of-the-art unimodal methods, as well as validate specific feature representation and architecture design choices. 
### 34.Structured Binary Neural Networks for Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09934.pdf)
>  We propose methods to train convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with both binarized weights and activations, leading to quantized models that are specifically friendly to mobile devices with limited power capacity and computation resources. Previous works on quantizing CNNs often seek to approximate the floating-point information using a set of discrete values, which we call value approximation, typically assuming the same architecture as the full-precision networks. Here we take a novel "structure approximation" view of quantization---it is very likely that different architectures designed for low-bit networks may be better for achieving good performance. In particular, we propose a "network decomposition" strategy, termed Group-Net, in which we divide the network into groups. Thus, each full-precision group can be effectively reconstructed by aggregating a set of homogeneous binary branches. In addition, we learn effective connections among groups to improve the representation capability. Moreover, the proposed Group-Net shows strong generalization to other tasks. For instance, we extend Group-Net for accurate semantic segmentation by embedding rich context into the binary structure. Furthermore, for the first time, we apply binary neural networks to object detection. Experiments on both classification, semantic segmentation and object detection tasks demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed methods over various quantized networks in the literature. Our methods outperform the previous best binary neural networks in terms of accuracy and computation efficiency. 
### 35.Nonlocal Patches based Gaussian Mixture Model for Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09932.pdf)
>  We consider the inpainting problem for noisy images. It is very challenge to suppress noise when image inpainting is processed. An image patches based nonlocal variational method is proposed to simultaneously inpainting and denoising in this paper. Our approach is developed on an assumption that the small image patches should be obeyed a distribution which can be described by a high dimension Gaussian Mixture Model. By a maximum a posteriori (MAP) estimation, we formulate a new regularization term according to the log-likelihood function of the mixture model. To optimize this regularization term efficiently, we adopt the idea of the Expectation Maximum (EM) algorithm. In which, the expectation step can give an adaptive weighting function which can be regarded as a nonlocal connections among pixels. Using this fact, we built a framework for non-local image inpainting under noise. Moreover, we mathematically prove the existence of minimizer for the proposed inpainting model. By using a spitting algorithm, the proposed model are able to realize image inpainting and denoising simultaneously. Numerical results show that the proposed method can produce impressive reconstructed results when the inpainting region is rather large. 
### 36.Volume Preserving Image Segmentation with Entropic Regularization Optimal Transport and Its Applications in Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09931.pdf)
>  Image segmentation with a volume constraint is an important prior for many real applications. In this work, we present a novel volume preserving image segmentation algorithm, which is based on the framework of entropic regularized optimal transport theory. The classical Total Variation (TV) regularizer and volume preserving are integrated into a regularized optimal transport model, and the volume and classification constraints can be regarded as two measures preserving constraints in the optimal transport problem. By studying the dual problem, we develop a simple and efficient dual algorithm for our model. Moreover, to be different from many variational based image segmentation algorithms, the proposed algorithm can be directly unrolled to a new Volume Preserving and TV regularized softmax (VPTV-softmax) layer for semantic segmentation in the popular Deep Convolution Neural Network (DCNN). The experiment results show that our proposed model is very competitive and can improve the performance of many semantic segmentation nets such as the popular U-net. 
### 37.Learning a Fixed-Length Fingerprint Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09901.pdf)
>  We present DeepPrint, a deep network, which learns to extract fixed-length fingerprint representations of only 200 bytes. DeepPrint incorporates fingerprint domain knowledge, including alignment and minutiae detection, into the deep network architecture to maximize the discriminative power of its representation. The compact, DeepPrint representation has several advantages over the prevailing variable length minutiae representation which (i) requires computationally expensive graph matching techniques, (ii) is difficult to secure using strong encryption schemes (e.g. homomorphic encryption), and (iii) has low discriminative power in poor quality fingerprints where minutiae extraction is unreliable. We benchmark DeepPrint against two top performing COTS SDKs (Verifinger and Innovatrics) from the NIST and FVC evaluations. Coupled with a re-ranking scheme, the DeepPrint rank-1 search accuracy on the NIST SD4 dataset against a gallery of 1.1 million fingerprints is comparable to the top COTS matcher, but it is significantly faster (DeepPrint: 98.80% in 0.3 seconds vs. COTS A: 98.85% in 27 seconds). To the best of our knowledge, the DeepPrint representation is the most compact and discriminative fixed-length fingerprint representation reported in the academic literature. 
### 38.Efficient Surface-Aware Semi-Global Matching with Multi-View Plane-Sweep Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09891.pdf)
>  Online augmentation of an oblique aerial image sequence with structural information is an essential aspect in the process of 3D scene interpretation and analysis. One key aspect in this is the efficient dense image matching and depth estimation. Here, the Semi-Global Matching (SGM) approach has proven to be one of the most widely used algorithms for efficient depth estimation, providing a good trade-off between accuracy and computational complexity. However, SGM only models a first-order smoothness assumption, thus favoring fronto-parallel surfaces. In this work, we present a hierarchical algorithm that allows for efficient depth and normal map estimation together with confidence measures for each estimate. Our algorithm relies on a plane-sweep multi-image matching followed by an extended SGM optimization that allows to incorporate local surface orientations, thus achieving more consistent and accurate estimates in areasmade up of slanted surfaces, inherent to oblique aerial imagery. We evaluate numerous configurations of our algorithm on two different datasets using an absolute and relative accuracy measure. In our evaluation, we show that the results of our approach are comparable to the ones achieved by refined Structure-from-Motion (SfM) pipelines, such as COLMAP, which are designed for offline processing. In contrast, however, our approach only considers a confined image bundle of an input sequence, thus allowing to perform an online and incremental computation at 1Hz-2Hz. 
### 39.Learning Dense Voxel Embeddings for 3D Neuron Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09872.pdf)
>  We show dense voxel embeddings learned via deep metric learning can be employed to produce a highly accurate segmentation of neurons from 3D electron microscopy images. A metric graph on an arbitrary set of short and long-range edges can be constructed from the dense embeddings generated by a convolutional network. Partitioning the metric graph with long-range affinities as repulsive constraints can produce an initial segmentation with high precision, with substantial improvements on very thin objects. The convolutional embedding net is reused without any modification to agglomerate the systematic splits caused by complex "self-touching"' objects. Our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art accuracy on the challenging problem of 3D neuron reconstruction from the brain images acquired by serial section electron microscopy. Our alternative, object-centered representation could be more generally useful for other computational tasks in automated neural circuit reconstruction. 
### 40.Advances in Computer-Aided Diagnosis of Diabetic Retinopathy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09853.pdf)
>  Diabetic Retinopathy is a critical health problem influences 100 million individuals worldwide, and these figures are expected to rise, particularly in Asia. Diabetic Retinopathy is a chronic eye disease which can lead to irreversible vision loss. Considering the visual complexity of retinal images, the early-stage diagnosis of Diabetic Retinopathy can be challenging for human experts. However, Early detection of Diabetic Retinopathy can significantly help to avoid permanent vision loss. The capability of computer-aided detection systems to accurately and efficiently detect the diabetic retinopathy had popularized them among researchers. In this review paper, the literature search was conducted on PubMed, Google Scholar, IEEE Explorer with a focus on the computer-aided detection of Diabetic Retinopathy using either of Machine Learning or Deep Learning algorithms. Moreover, this study also explores the typical methodology utilized for the computer-aided diagnosis of Diabetic Retinopathy. This review paper is aimed to direct the researchers about the limitations of current methods and identify the specific areas in the field to boost future research. 
### 41.Class Activation Map generation by Multiple Level Class Grouping and Orthogonal Constraint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09839.pdf)
>  Class activation map (CAM) highlights regions of classes based on classification network, which is widely used in weakly supervised tasks. However, it faces the problem that the class activation regions are usually small and local. Although several efforts paid to the second step (the CAM generation step) have partially enhanced the generation, we believe such problem is also caused by the first step (training step), because single classification model trained on the entire classes contains finite discriminate information that limits the object region extraction. To this end, this paper solves CAM generation by using multiple classification models. To form multiple classification networks that carry different discriminative information, we try to capture the semantic relationships between classes to form different semantic levels of classification models. Specifically, hierarchical clustering based on class relationships is used to form hierarchical clustering results, where the clustering levels are treated as semantic levels to form the classification models. Moreover, a new orthogonal module and a two-branch based CAM generation method are proposed to generate class regions that are orthogonal and complementary. We use the PASCAL VOC 2012 dataset to verify the proposed method. Experimental results show that our approach improves the CAM generation. 
### 42.Invasiveness Prediction of Pulmonary Adenocarcinomas Using Deep Feature Fusion Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09837.pdf)
>  Early diagnosis of pathological invasiveness of pulmonary adenocarcinomas using computed tomography (CT) imaging would alter the course of treatment of adenocarcinomas and subsequently improve the prognosis. Most of the existing systems use either conventional radiomics features or deep-learning features alone to predict the invasiveness. In this study, we explore the fusion of the two kinds of features and claim that radiomics features can be complementary to deep-learning features. An effective deep feature fusion network is proposed to exploit the complementarity between the two kinds of features, which improves the invasiveness prediction results. We collected a private dataset that contains lung CT scans of 676 patients categorized into four invasiveness types from a collaborating hospital. Evaluations on this dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposal. 
### 43.Automatic Posture and Movement Tracking of Infants with Wearable Movement Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09823.pdf)
>  Infant's spontaneous movements mirror integrity of brain networks, and thus also predict the future development of higher cognitive functions. Early recognition of infants with compromised motor development holds promise for guiding early therapies to improve lifelong neurocognitive outcomes. It has been challenging, however, to assess motor performance in ways that are objective and quantitative. Novel wearable technology has shown promise for offering efficient, scalable and automated methods in movement assessment. Here, we describe the development of an infant wearable, a multi-sensor smart jumpsuit that allows mobile data collection during independent movements. A deep learning algorithm, based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs), was then trained using multiple human annotations that incorporate the substantial inherent ambiguity in movement classifications. We also quantify the substantial ambiguity of a human observer, allowing its transfer to improving the automated classifier. Comparison of different sensor configurations and classifier designs shows that four-limb recording and end-to-end CNN classifier architecture allows the best movement classification. Our results show that quantitative tracking of independent movement activities is possible with a human equivalent accuracy, i.e. it meets the human inter-rater agreement levels in infant posture and movement classification. 
### 44.CANZSL: Cycle-Consistent Adversarial Networks for Zero-Shot Learning from Natural Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09822.pdf)
>  Existing methods using generative adversarial approaches for Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL) aim to generate realistic visual features from class semantics by a single generative network, which is highly under-constrained. As a result, the previous methods cannot guarantee that the generated visual features can truthfully reflect the corresponding semantics. To address this issue, we propose a novel method named Cycle-consistent Adversarial Networks for Zero-Shot Learning (CANZSL). It encourages a visual feature generator to synthesize realistic visual features from semantics, and then inversely translate back synthesized the visual feature to corresponding semantic space by a semantic feature generator. Furthermore, in this paper a more challenging and practical ZSL problem is considered where the original semantics are from natural language with irrelevant words instead of clean semantics that are widely used in previous work. Specifically, a multi-modal consistent bidirectional generative adversarial network is trained to handle unseen instances by leveraging noise in the natural language. A forward one-to-many mapping from one text description to multiple visual features is coupled with an inverse many-to-one mapping from the visual space to the semantic space. Thus, a multi-modal cycle-consistency loss between the synthesized semantic representations and the ground truth can be learned and leveraged to enforce the generated semantic features to approximate to the real distribution in semantic space. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate that our method consistently outperforms state-of-the-art approaches on natural language-based zero-shot learning tasks. 
### 45.Visual Odometry Revisited: What Should Be Learnt?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09803.pdf)
>  In this work we present a monocular visual odometry (VO) algorithm which leverages geometry-based methods and deep learning. Most existing VO/SLAM systems with superior performance are based on geometry and have to be carefully designed for different application scenarios. Moreover, most monocular systems suffer from scale-drift issue. Some recent deep learning works learn VO in an end-to-end manner but the performance of these deep systems is still not comparable to geometry-based methods. In this work, we revisit the basics of VO and explore the right way for integrating deep learning with epipolar geometry and Perspective-n-Point (PnP) method. Specifically, we train two convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for estimating single-view depths and two-view optical flows as intermediate outputs. With the deep predictions, we design a simple but robust frame-to-frame VO algorithm (DF-VO) which outperforms pure deep learning-based and geometry-based methods. More importantly, our system does not suffer from the scale-drift issue being aided by a scale consistent single-view depth CNN. Extensive experiments on KITTI dataset shows the robustness of our system and a detailed ablation study shows the effect of different factors in our system. 
### 46.Adversarial Learning of General Transformations for Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09801.pdf)
>  Data augmentation (DA) is fundamental against overfitting in large convolutional neural networks, especially with a limited training dataset. In images, DA is usually based on heuristic transformations, like geometric or color transformations. Instead of using predefined transformations, our work learns data augmentation directly from the training data by learning to transform images with an encoder-decoder architecture combined with a spatial transformer network. The transformed images still belong to the same class but are new, more complex samples for the classifier. Our experiments show that our approach is better than previous generative data augmentation methods, and comparable to predefined transformation methods when training an image classifier. 
### 47.Generating Positive Bounding Boxes for Balanced Training of Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09777.pdf)
>  Two-stage deep object detectors generate a set of regions-of-interest (RoI) in the first stage, then, in the second stage, identify objects among the proposed RoIs that sufficiently overlap with a ground truth (GT) box. The second stage is known to suffer from a bias towards RoIs that have low intersection-over-union (IoU) with the associated GT boxes. To address this issue, we first propose a sampling method to generate bounding boxes (BB) that overlap with a given reference box more than a given IoU threshold. Then, we use this BB generation method to develop a positive RoI (pRoI) generator that produces RoIs following any desired spatial or IoU distribution, for the second-stage. We show that our pRoI generator is able to simulate other sampling methods for positive examples such as hard example mining and prime sampling. Using our generator as an analysis tool, we show that (i) IoU imbalance has an adverse effect on performance, (ii) hard positive example mining improves the performance only for certain input IoU distributions, and (iii) the imbalance among the foreground classes has an adverse effect on performance and that it can be alleviated at the batch level. Finally, we train Faster R-CNN using our pRoI generator and, compared to conventional training, obtain better or on-par performance for low IoUs and significant improvements for higher IoUs (e.g. for $IoU=0.8$, $\mathrm{mAP@0.8}$ improves by $10.9\%$). The code will be made publicly available. 
### 48.IntersectGAN: Learning Domain Intersection for Generating Images with Multiple Attributes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09767.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have demonstrated great success in generating various visual content. However, images generated by existing GANs are often of attributes (e.g., smiling expression) learned from one image domain. As a result, generating images of multiple attributes requires many real samples possessing multiple attributes which are very resource expensive to be collected. In this paper, we propose a novel GAN, namely IntersectGAN, to learn multiple attributes from different image domains through an intersecting architecture. For example, given two image domains X1 and X2 with certain attributes, the intersection of X1 and X2 is a new domain where images possess the attributes from both X1 and X2 domains. The proposed IntersectGAN consists of two discriminators D1 and D2 to distinguish between generated and real samples of different domains, and three generators where the intersection generator is trained against both discriminators. And an overall adversarial loss function is defined over three generators. As a result, our proposed IntersectGAN can be trained on multiple domains of which each presents one specific attribute, and eventually eliminates the need of real sample images simultaneously possessing multiple attributes. By using the CelebFaces Attributes dataset, our proposed IntersectGAN is able to produce high-quality face images possessing multiple attributes (e.g., a face with black hair and a smiling expression). Both qualitative and quantitative evaluations are conducted to compare our proposed IntersectGAN with other baseline methods. Besides, several different applications of IntersectGAN have been explored with promising results. 
### 49.Deep Generative Models for Library Augmentation in Multiple Endmember Spectral Mixture Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09741.pdf)
>  Multiple Endmember Spectral Mixture Analysis (MESMA) is one of the leading approaches to perform spectral unmixing (SU) considering variability of the endmembers (EMs). It represents each endmember in the image using libraries of spectral signatures acquired a priori. However, existing spectral libraries are often small and unable to properly capture the variability of each endmember in practical scenes, what significantly compromises the performance of MESMA. In this paper, we propose a library augmentation strategy to improve the diversity of existing spectral libraries, thus improving their ability to represent the materials in real images. First, the proposed methodology leverages the power of deep generative models (DGMs) to learn the statistical distribution of the endmembers based on the spectral signatures available in the existing libraries. Afterwards, new samples can be drawn from the learned EM distributions and used to augment the spectral libraries, improving the overall quality of the unmixing process. Experimental results using synthetic and real data attest the superior performance of the proposed method even under library mismatch conditions. 
### 50.Context-Aware Image Matting for Simultaneous Foreground and Alpha Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09725.pdf)
>  Natural image matting is an important problem in computer vision and graphics. It is an ill-posed problem when only an input image is available without any external information. While the recent deep learning approaches have shown promising results, they only estimate the alpha matte. This paper presents a context-aware natural image matting method for simultaneous foreground and alpha matte estimation. Our method employs two encoder networks to extract essential information for matting. Particularly, we use a matting encoder to learn local features and a context encoder to obtain more global context information. We concatenate the outputs from these two encoders and feed them into decoder networks to simultaneously estimate the foreground and alpha matte. To train this whole deep neural network, we employ both the standard Laplacian loss and the feature loss: the former helps to achieve high numerical performance while the latter leads to more perceptually plausible results. We also report several data augmentation strategies that greatly improve the network's generalization performance. Our qualitative and quantitative experiments show that our method enables high-quality matting for a single natural image. 
### 51.Content-based image retrieval using Mix histogram  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09722.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new method to extract image low-level features, namely mix histogram (MH), for content-based image retrieval. Since color and edge orientation features are important visual information which help the human visual system percept and discriminate different images, this method extracts and integrates color and edge orientation information in order to measure similarity between different images. Traditional color histograms merely focus on the global distribution of color in the image and therefore fail to extract other visual features. The MH is attempting to overcome this problem by extracting edge orientations as well as color feature. The unique characteristic of the MH is that it takes into consideration both color and edge orientation information in an effective manner. Experimental results show that it outperforms many existing methods which were originally developed for image retrieval purposes. 
### 52.Persian Signature Verification using Fully Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09720.pdf)
>  Fully convolutional networks (FCNs) have been recently used for feature extraction and classification in image and speech recognition, where their inputs have been raw signal or other complicated features. Persian signature verification is done using conventional convolutional neural networks (CNNs). In this paper, we propose to use FCN for learning a robust feature extraction from the raw signature images. FCN can be considered as a variant of CNN where its fully connected layers are replaced with a global pooling layer. In the proposed manner, FCN inputs are raw signature images and convolution filter size is fixed. Recognition accuracy on UTSig database, shows that FCN with a global average pooling outperforms CNN. 
### 53.Neural Style Transfer Improves 3D Cardiovascular MR Image Segmentation on Inconsistent Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09716.pdf)
>  Three-dimensional medical image segmentation is one of the most important problems in medical image analysis and plays a key role in downstream diagnosis and treatment. Recent years, deep neural networks have made groundbreaking success in medical image segmentation problem. However, due to the high variance in instrumental parameters, experimental protocols, and subject appearances, the generalization of deep learning models is often hindered by the inconsistency in medical images generated by different machines and hospitals. In this work, we present StyleSegor, an efficient and easy-to-use strategy to alleviate this inconsistency issue. Specifically, neural style transfer algorithm is applied to unlabeled data in order to minimize the differences in image properties including brightness, contrast, texture, etc. between the labeled and unlabeled data. We also apply probabilistic adjustment on the network output and integrate multiple predictions through ensemble learning. On a publicly available whole heart segmentation benchmarking dataset from MICCAI HVSMR 2016 challenge, we have demonstrated an elevated dice accuracy surpassing current state-of-the-art method and notably, an improvement of the total score by 29.91\%. StyleSegor is thus corroborated to be an accurate tool for 3D whole heart segmentation especially on highly inconsistent data, and is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/horsepurve/StyleSegor" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 54.SkyNet: a Hardware-Efficient Method for Object Detection and Tracking on Embedded Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09709.pdf)
>  Developing object detection and tracking on resource-constrained embedded systems is challenging. While object detection is one of the most compute-intensive tasks from the artificial intelligence domain, it is only allowed to use limited computation and memory resources on embedded devices. In the meanwhile, such resource-constrained implementations are often required to satisfy additional demanding requirements such as real-time response, high-throughput performance, and reliable inference accuracy. To overcome these challenges, we propose SkyNet, a hardware-efficient method to deliver the state-of-the-art detection accuracy and speed for embedded systems. Instead of following the common top-down flow for compact DNN design, SkyNet provides a bottom-up DNN design approach with comprehensive understanding of the hardware constraints at the very beginning to deliver hardware-efficient DNNs. The effectiveness of SkyNet is demonstrated by winning the extremely competitive System Design Contest for low power object detection in the 56th IEEE/ACM Design Automation Conference (DAC-SDC), where our SkyNet significantly outperforms all other 100+ competitors: it delivers 0.731 Intersection over Union (IoU) and 67.33 frames per second (FPS) on a TX2 embedded GPU; and 0.716 IoU and 25.05 FPS on an Ultra96 embedded FPGA. The evaluation of SkyNet is also extended to GOT-10K, a recent large-scale high-diversity benchmark for generic object tracking in the wild. For state-of-the-art object trackers SiamRPN++ and SiamMask, where ResNet-50 is employed as the backbone, implementations using our SkyNet as the backbone DNN are 1.60X and 1.73X faster with better or similar accuracy when running on a 1080Ti GPU, and 37.20X smaller in terms of parameter size for significantly better memory and storage footprint. 
### 55.Gradual Network for Single Image De-raining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09677.pdf)
>  Most advances in single image de-raining meet a key challenge, which is removing rain streaks with different scales and shapes while preserving image details. Existing single image de-raining approaches treat rain-streak removal as a process of pixel-wise regression directly. However, they are lacking in mining the balance between over-de-raining (e.g. removing texture details in rain-free regions) and under-de-raining (e.g. leaving rain streaks). In this paper, we firstly propose a coarse-to-fine network called Gradual Network (GraNet) consisting of coarse stage and fine stage for delving into single image de-raining with different granularities. Specifically, to reveal coarse-grained rain-streak characteristics (e.g. long and thick rain streaks/raindrops), we propose a coarse stage by utilizing local-global spatial dependencies via a local-global subnetwork composed of region-aware blocks. Taking the residual result (the coarse de-rained result) between the rainy image sample (i.e. the input data) and the output of coarse stage (i.e. the learnt rain mask) as input, the fine stage continues to de-rain by removing the fine-grained rain streaks (e.g. light rain streaks and water mist) to get a rain-free and well-reconstructed output image via a unified contextual merging sub-network with dense blocks and a merging block. Solid and comprehensive experiments on synthetic and real data demonstrate that our GraNet can significantly outperform the state-of-the-art methods by removing rain streaks with various densities, scales and shapes while keeping the image details of rain-free regions well-preserved. 
### 56.Cross-Dataset Person Re-Identification via Unsupervised Pose Disentanglement and Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09675.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) aims at recognizing the same person from images taken across different cameras. To address this challenging task, existing re-ID models typically rely on a large amount of labeled training data, which is not practical for real-world applications. To alleviate this limitation, researchers now targets at cross-dataset re-ID which focuses on generalizing the discriminative ability to the unlabeled target domain when given a labeled source domain dataset. To achieve this goal, our proposed Pose Disentanglement and Adaptation Network (PDA-Net) aims at learning deep image representation with pose and domain information properly disentangled. With the learned cross-domain pose invariant feature space, our proposed PDA-Net is able to perform pose disentanglement across domains without supervision in identities, and the resulting features can be applied to cross-dataset re-ID. Both of our qualitative and quantitative results on two benchmark datasets confirm the effectiveness of our approach and its superiority over the state-of-the-art cross-dataset Re-ID approaches. 
### 57.Research Directions in Democratizing Innovation through Design Automation, One-Click Manufacturing Services and Intelligent Machines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10476.pdf)
>  The digitalization of manufacturing has created opportunities for consumers to customize products that fit their individualized needs which in turn would drive demand for manufacturing services. However, this pull-based manufacturing system production of extremely low quantity and limitless variety for products is expensive to implement. New emerging technology in design automation driven by data-driven computational design, manufacturing-as-a-service marketplaces and digitally enabled micro-factories holds promise towards democratization of innovation. In this paper, scientific, technology and infrastructure challenges are identified and if solved, the impact of these emerging technologies on product innovation and future factory organization is discussed. 
### 58.Improving Generative Visual Dialog by Answering Diverse Questions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10470.pdf)
>  Prior work on training generative Visual Dialog models with reinforcement learning(Das et al.) has explored a Qbot-Abot image-guessing game and shown that this 'self-talk' approach can lead to improved performance at the downstream dialog-conditioned image-guessing task. However, this improvement saturates and starts degrading after a few rounds of interaction, and does not lead to a better Visual Dialog model. We find that this is due in part to repeated interactions between Qbot and Abot during self-talk, which are not informative with respect to the image. To improve this, we devise a simple auxiliary objective that incentivizes Qbot to ask diverse questions, thus reducing repetitions and in turn enabling Abot to explore a larger state space during RL ie. be exposed to more visual concepts to talk about, and varied questions to answer. We evaluate our approach via a host of automatic metrics and human studies, and demonstrate that it leads to better dialog, ie. dialog that is more diverse (ie. less repetitive), consistent (ie. has fewer conflicting exchanges), fluent (ie. more human-like),and detailed, while still being comparably image-relevant as prior work and ablations. 
### 59.NLVR2 Visual Bias Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10411.pdf)
>  NLVR2 (Suhr et al., 2019) was designed to be robust for language bias through a data collection process that resulted in each natural language sentence appearing with both true and false labels. The process did not provide a similar measure of control for visual bias. This technical report analyzes the potential for visual bias in NLVR2. We show that some amount of visual bias likely exists. Finally, we identify a subset of the test data that allows to test for model performance in a way that is robust to such potential biases. We show that the performance of existing models (Li et al., 2019; Tan and Bansal 2019) is relatively robust to this potential bias. We propose to add the evaluation on this subset of the data to the NLVR2 evaluation protocol, and update the official release to include it. A notebook including an implementation of the code used to replicate this analysis is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://nlvr.ai/NLVR2BiasAnalysis.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 60.CochleaNet: A Robust Language-independent Audio-Visual Model for Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10407.pdf)
>  Noisy situations cause huge problems for suffers of hearing loss as hearing aids often make the signal more audible but do not always restore the intelligibility. In noisy settings, humans routinely exploit the audio-visual (AV) nature of the speech to selectively suppress the background noise and to focus on the target speaker. In this paper, we present a causal, language, noise and speaker independent AV deep neural network (DNN) architecture for speech enhancement (SE). The model exploits the noisy acoustic cues and noise robust visual cues to focus on the desired speaker and improve the speech intelligibility. To evaluate the proposed SE framework a first of its kind AV binaural speech corpus, called ASPIRE, is recorded in real noisy environments including cafeteria and restaurant. We demonstrate superior performance of our approach in terms of objective measures and subjective listening tests over the state-of-the-art SE approaches as well as recent DNN based SE models. In addition, our work challenges a popular belief that a scarcity of multi-language large vocabulary AV corpus and wide variety of noises is a major bottleneck to build a robust language, speaker and noise independent SE systems. We show that a model trained on synthetic mixture of Grid corpus (with 33 speakers and a small English vocabulary) and ChiME 3 Noises (consisting of only bus, pedestrian, cafeteria, and street noises) generalise well not only on large vocabulary corpora but also on completely unrelated languages (such as Mandarin), wide variety of speakers and noises. 
### 61.Robot Navigation in Crowds by Graph Convolutional Networks with Attention Learned from Human Gaze  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10400.pdf)
>  Safe and efficient crowd navigation for mobile robot is a crucial yet challenging task. Previous work has shown the power of deep reinforcement learning frameworks to train efficient policies. However, their performance deteriorates when the crowd size grows. We suggest that this can be addressed by enabling the network to identify and pay attention to the humans in the crowd that are most critical to navigation. We propose a novel network utilizing a graph representation to learn the policy. We first train a graph convolutional network based on human gaze data that accurately predicts human attention to different agents in the crowd. Then we incorporate the learned attention into a graph-based reinforcement learning architecture. The proposed attention mechanism enables the assignment of meaningful weightings to the neighbors of the robot, and has the additional benefit of interpretability. Experiments on real-world dense pedestrian datasets with various crowd sizes demonstrate that our model outperforms state-of-art methods by 18.4% in task accomplishment and by 16.4% in time efficiency. 
### 62.Class-dependent Compression of Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10364.pdf)
>  Today's deep neural networks require substantial computation resources for their training, storage and inference, which limits their effective use on resource-constrained devices. On the one hand, many recent research activities explore different options of compressing and optimizing deep models. On the other hand, in many real-world applications we face the class imbalance problem, e.g. higher number of false positives produced by a compressed network may be tolerable, yet the number of false negatives must stay low. The problem originates from either an intrinsic nature of the imbalanced samples within the training data set, or from the fact that some classes are more important for the application domain of the model, e.g. in medical imaging. In this paper, we propose a class-dependent network compression method based on a newly introduced network pruning technique used to search for lottery tickets in an original deep network. We introduce a novel combined loss function to find efficient compressed sub-networks with the same or even lower number of false negatives compared to the original network. Our experimental evaluation using three benchmark data sets shows that the resulting compressed sub-networks achieve up to 50% lower number of false negatives and an overall higher AUC-ROC measure, yet use up to 99% fewer parameters compared to the original network. 
### 63.Deep Multi-Facial patches Aggregation Network for Expression Classification from Face Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10305.pdf)
>  Emotional Intelligence in Human-Computer Interaction has attracted increasing attention from researchers in multidisciplinary research fields including psychology, computer vision, neuroscience, artificial intelligence, and related disciplines. Human prone to naturally interact with computers face-to-face. Human Expressions is an important key to better link human and computers. Thus, designing interfaces able to understand human expressions and emotions can improve Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) for better communication. In this paper, we investigate HCI via a deep multi-facial patches aggregation network for Face Expression Recognition (FER). Deep features are extracted from facial parts and aggregated for expression classification. Several problems may affect the performance of the proposed framework like the small size of FER datasets and the high number of parameters to learn. For That, two data augmentation techniques are proposed for facial expression generation to expand the labeled training. The proposed framework is evaluated on the extended Cohn-Konade dataset (CK+) and promising results are achieved. 
### 64.Deep Local Global Refinement Network for Stent Analysis in IVOCT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10169.pdf)
>  Implantation of stents into coronary arteries is a common treatment option for patients with cardiovascular disease. Assessment of safety and efficacy of the stent implantation occurs via manual visual inspection of the neointimal coverage from intravascular optical coherence tomography (IVOCT) images. However, such manual assessment requires the detection of thousands of strut points within the stent. This is a challenging, tedious, and time-consuming task because the strut points usually appear as small, irregular shaped objects with inhomogeneous textures, and are often occluded by shadows, artifacts, and vessel walls. Conventional methods based on textures, edge detection, or simple classifiers for automated detection of strut points in IVOCT images have low recall and precision as they are, unable to adequately represent the visual features of the strut point for detection. In this study, we propose a local-global refinement network to integrate local-patch content with global content for strut points detection from IVOCT images. Our method densely detects the potential strut points in local image patches and then refines them according to global appearance constraints to reduce false positives. Our experimental results on a clinical dataset of 7,000 IVOCT images demonstrated that our method outperformed the state-of-the-art methods with a recall of 0.92 and precision of 0.91 for strut points detection. 
### 65.LoGANv2: Conditional Style-Based Logo Generation with Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09974.pdf)
>  Domains such as logo synthesis, in which the data has a high degree of multi-modality, still pose a challenge for generative adversarial networks (GANs). Recent research shows that progressive training (ProGAN) and mapping network extensions (StyleGAN) enable both increased training stability for higher dimensional problems and better feature separation within the embedded latent space. However, these architectures leave limited control over shaping the output of the network, which is an undesirable trait in the case of logo synthesis. This paper explores a conditional extension to the StyleGAN architecture with the aim of firstly, improving on the low resolution results of previous research and, secondly, increasing the controllability of the output through the use of synthetic class-conditions. Furthermore, methods of extracting such class conditions are explored with a focus on the human interpretability, where the challenge lies in the fact that, by nature, visual logo characteristics are hard to define. The introduced conditional style-based generator architecture is trained on the extracted class-conditions in two experiments and studied relative to the performance of an unconditional model. Results show that, whilst the unconditional model more closely matches the training distribution, high quality conditions enabled the embedding of finer details onto the latent space, leading to more diverse output. 
### 66.Using theoretical ROC curves for analysing machine learning binary classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09816.pdf)
>  Most binary classifiers work by processing the input to produce a scalar response and comparing it to a threshold value. The various measures of classifier performance assume, explicitly or implicitly, probability distributions $P_s$ and $P_n$ of the response belonging to either class, probability distributions for the cost of each type of misclassification, and compute a performance score from the expected cost. <br>In machine learning, classifier responses are obtained experimentally and performance scores are computed directly from them, without any assumptions on $P_s$ and $P_n$. Here, we argue that the omitted step of estimating theoretical distributions for $P_s$ and $P_n$ can be useful. In a biometric security example, we fit beta distributions to the responses of two classifiers, one based on logistic regression and one on ANNs, and use them to establish a categorisation into a small number of classes with different extremal behaviours at the ends of the ROC curves. 
### 67.Understanding and Robustifying Differentiable Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.09656.pdf)
>  Differentiable Architecture Search (DARTS) has attracted a lot of attention due to its simplicity and small search costs achieved by a continuous relaxation and an approximation of the resulting bi-level optimization problem. However, DARTS does not work robustly for new problems: we identify a wide range of search spaces for which DARTS yields degenerate architectures with very poor test performance. We study this failure mode and show that, while DARTS successfully minimizes validation loss, the found solutions generalize poorly when they coincide with high validation loss curvature in the space of architectures. We show that by adding one of various types of regularization we can robustify DARTS to find solutions with smaller Hessian spectrum and with better generalization properties. Based on these observations we propose several simple variations of DARTS that perform substantially more robustly in practice. Our observations are robust across five search spaces on three image classification tasks and also hold for the very different domains of disparity estimation (a dense regression task) and language modelling. We provide our implementation and scripts to facilitate reproducibility. 
