# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 11 Sep 2019
### 1.Video Representation Learning by Dense Predictive Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04656.pdf)
>  The objective of this paper is self-supervised learning of spatio-temporal embeddings from video, suitable for human action recognition. We make three contributions: First, we introduce the Dense Predictive Coding (DPC) framework for self-supervised representation learning on videos. This learns a dense encoding of spatio-temporal blocks by recurrently predicting future representations; Second, we propose a curriculum training scheme to predict further into the future with progressively less temporal context. This encourages the model to only encode slowly varying spatial-temporal signals, therefore leading to semantic representations; Third, we evaluate the approach by first training the DPC model on the Kinetics-400 dataset with self-supervised learning, and then finetuning the representation on a downstream task, i.e. action recognition. With single stream~(RGB only), DPC pretrained representations achieve state-of-the-art self-supervised performance on both UCF101(75.7% top1 acc) and HMDB51(35.7% top1 acc), outperforming all previous learning methods by a significant margin, and approaching the performance of a baseline pre-trained on ImageNet. 
### 2.Deep Hashing Learning for Visual and Semantic Retrieval of Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04614.pdf)
>  Driven by the urgent demand for managing remote sensing big data, large-scale remote sensing image retrieval (RSIR) attracts increasing attention in the remote sensing field. In general, existing retrieval methods can be regarded as visual-based retrieval approaches which search and return a set of similar images from a database to a given query image. Although retrieval methods have achieved great success, there is still a question that needs to be responded to: Can we obtain the accurate semantic labels of the returned similar images to further help analyzing and processing imagery? Inspired by the above question, in this paper, we redefine the image retrieval problem as visual and semantic retrieval of images. Specifically, we propose a novel deep hashing convolutional neural network (DHCNN) to simultaneously retrieve the similar images and classify their semantic labels in a unified framework. In more detail, a convolutional neural network (CNN) is used to extract high-dimensional deep features. Then, a hash layer is perfectly inserted into the network to transfer the deep features into compact hash codes. In addition, a fully connected layer with a softmax function is performed on hash layer to generate class distribution. Finally, a loss function is elaborately designed to simultaneously consider the label loss of each image and similarity loss of pairs of images. Experimental results on two remote sensing datasets demonstrate that the proposed method achieves the state-of-art retrieval and classification performance. 
### 3.Structure-Attentioned Memory Network for Monocular Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04594.pdf)
>  Monocular depth estimation is a challenging task that aims to predict a corresponding depth map from a given single RGB image. Recent deep learning models have been proposed to predict the depth from the image by learning the alignment of deep features between the RGB image and the depth domains. In this paper, we present a novel approach, named Structure-Attentioned Memory Network, to more effectively transfer domain features for monocular depth estimation by taking into account the common structure regularities (e.g., repetitive structure patterns, planar surfaces, symmetries) in domain adaptation. To this end, we introduce a new Structure-Oriented Memory (SOM) module to learn and memorize the structure-specific information between RGB image domain and the depth domain. More specifically, in the SOM module, we develop a Memorable Bank of Filters (MBF) unit to learn a set of filters that memorize the structure-aware image-depth residual pattern, and also an Attention Guided Controller (AGC) unit to control the filter selection in the MBF given image features queries. Given the query image feature, the trained SOM module is able to adaptively select the best customized filters for cross-domain feature transferring with an optimal structural disparity between image and depth. In summary, we focus on addressing this structure-specific domain adaption challenge by proposing a novel end-to-end multi-scale memorable network for monocular depth estimation. The experiments show that our proposed model demonstrates the superior performance compared to the existing supervised monocular depth estimation approaches on the challenging KITTI and NYU Depth V2 benchmarks. 
### 4.Road Mapping In LiDAR Images Using A Joint-Task Dense Dilated Convolutions Merging Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04588.pdf)
>  It is important, but challenging, for the forest industry to accurately map roads which are used for timber transport by trucks. In this work, we propose a Dense Dilated Convolutions Merging Network (DDCM-Net) to detect these roads in lidar images. The DDCM-Net can effectively recognize multi-scale and complex shaped roads with similar texture and colors, and also is shown to have superior performance over existing methods. To further improve its ability to accurately infer categories of roads, we propose the use of a joint-task learning strategy that utilizes two auxiliary output branches, i.e, multi-class classification and binary segmentation, joined with the main output of full-class segmentation. This pushes the network towards learning more robust representations that are expected to boost the ultimate performance of the main task. In addition, we introduce an iterative-random-weighting method to automatically weigh the joint losses for auxiliary tasks. This can avoid the difficult and expensive process of tuning the weights of each task's loss by hand. The experiments demonstrate that our proposed joint-task DDCM-Net can achieve better performance with fewer parameters and higher computational efficiency than previous state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 5.Semantic Foreground Inpainting from Weak Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04564.pdf)
>  Semantic scene understanding is an essential task for self-driving vehicles and mobile robots. In our work, we aim to estimate a semantic segmentation map, in which the foreground objects are removed and semantically inpainted with background classes, from a single RGB image. This semantic foreground inpainting task is performed by a single-stage convolutional neural network (CNN) that contains our novel max-pooling as inpainting (MPI) module, which is trained with weak supervision, i.e., it does not require manual background annotations for the foreground regions to be inpainted. Our approach is inherently more efficient than the previous two-stage state-of-the-art method, and outperforms it by a margin of 3% IoU for the inpainted foreground regions on Cityscapes. The performance margin increases to 6% IoU, when tested on the unseen KITTI dataset. The code and the manually annotated datasets for testing are shared with the research community at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Chenyang-Lu/semantic-foreground-inpainting" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 6.DeepPrivacy: A Generative Adversarial Network for Face Anonymization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04538.pdf)
>  We propose a novel architecture which is able to automatically anonymize faces in images while retaining the original data distribution. We ensure total anonymization of all faces in an image by generating images exclusively on privacy-safe information. Our model is based on a conditional generative adversarial network, generating images considering the original pose and image background. The conditional information enables us to generate highly realistic faces with a seamless transition between the generated face and the existing background. Furthermore, we introduce a diverse dataset of human faces, including unconventional poses, occluded faces, and a vast variability in backgrounds. Finally, we present experimental results reflecting the capability of our model to anonymize images while preserving the data distribution, making the data suitable for further training of deep learning models. As far as we know, no other solution has been proposed that guarantees the anonymization of faces while generating realistic images. 
### 7.VACL: Variance-Aware Cross-Layer Regularization for Pruning Deep Residual Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04485.pdf)
>  Improving weight sparsity is a common strategy for producing light-weight deep neural networks. However, pruning models with residual learning is more challenging. In this paper, we introduce Variance-Aware Cross-Layer (VACL), a novel approach to address this problem. VACL consists of two parts, a Cross-Layer grouping and a Variance Aware regularization. In Cross-Layer grouping the $i^{th}$ filters of layers connected by skip-connections are grouped into one regularization group. Then, the Variance-Aware regularization term takes into account both the first and second-order statistics of the connected layers to constrain the variance within a group. Our approach can effectively improve the structural sparsity of residual models. For CIFAR10, the proposed method reduces a ResNet model by up to 79.5% with no accuracy drop and reduces a ResNeXt model by up to 82% with less than 1% accuracy drop. For ImageNet, it yields a pruned ratio of up to 63.3% with less than 1% top-5 accuracy drop. Our experimental results show that the proposed approach significantly outperforms other state-of-the-art methods in terms of overall model size and accuracy. 
### 8.Chargrid-OCR: End-to-end trainable Optical Character Recognition through Semantic Segmentation and Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04469.pdf)
>  We present an end-to-end trainable approach for optical character recognition (OCR) on printed documents. It is based on predicting a two-dimensional character grid ("chargrid") representation of a document image as a semantic segmentation task. To identify individual character instances from the chargrid, we regard characters as objects and use object detection techniques from computer vision. We demonstrate experimentally that our method outperforms previous state-of-the-art approaches in accuracy while being easily parallelizable on GPU (thereby being significantly faster), as well as easier to train. 
### 9.Novel tracking approach based on fully-unsupervised disentanglement of the geometrical factors of variation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04427.pdf)
>  Efficient tracking algorithm is a crucial part of particle tracking detectors. While big work was done in designing plethora of various algorithms, they usually require tedious tuning for each use case. (Weakly) supervised Machine Learning-based approaches can leverage the actual raw data for maximal performance. Yet in realistic scenarios sufficient high-quality labeled data is not available. While sometimes training can be performed on simulated data, often appropriate simulation of detector noise is impossible, compromising this approach. <br>Here we propose a novel fully unsupervised approach to track reconstruction. The introduced model for learning to disentangle the factors of variation in a geometrically meaningful way employs geometrical space invariances. We train it through constraints on the equivariance between the image space and the latent representation in a Deep Convolutional Autoencoder. Using experimental results on synthetic data we show requirement of the variety of the space transformations for meaningful disentanglement of factors of variation. We also demonstrate performance of our model on real data from tracking detectors. 
### 10.Traffic Sign Detection and Classification around the World  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04422.pdf)
>  Traffic signs are essential map features globally in the era of autonomous driving and smart cities. To develop accurate and robust algorithms for traffic sign detection and classification, a large-scale and diverse benchmark dataset is required. In this paper, we introduce a traffic sign benchmark dataset of 100K street-level images around the world that encapsulates diverse scenes, wide coverage of geographical locations, and varying weather and lighting conditions and covers more than 300 manually annotated traffic sign classes. The dataset includes 52K images that are fully annotated and 48K images that are partially annotated. This is the largest and the most diverse traffic sign dataset consisting of images from all over world with fine-grained annotations of traffic sign classes. We have run extensive experiments to establish strong baselines for both the detection and the classification tasks. In addition, we have verified that the diversity of this dataset enables effective transfer learning for existing large-scale benchmark datasets on traffic sign detection and classification. The dataset is freely available for academic research: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.mapillary.com/dataset/trafficsign" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 11.Cross-X Learning for Fine-Grained Visual Categorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04412.pdf)
>  Recognizing objects from subcategories with very subtle differences remains a challenging task due to the large intra-class and small inter-class variation. Recent work tackles this problem in a weakly-supervised manner: object parts are first detected and the corresponding part-specific features are extracted for fine-grained classification. However, these methods typically treat the part-specific features of each image in isolation while neglecting their relationships between different images. In this paper, we propose Cross-X learning, a simple yet effective approach that exploits the relationships between different images and between different network layers for robust multi-scale feature learning. Our approach involves two novel components: (i) a cross-category cross-semantic regularizer that guides the extracted features to represent semantic parts and, (ii) a cross-layer regularizer that improves the robustness of multi-scale features by matching the prediction distribution across multiple layers. Our approach can be easily trained end-to-end and is scalable to large datasets like NABirds. We empirically analyze the contributions of different components of our approach and demonstrate its robustness, effectiveness and state-of-the-art performance on five benchmark datasets. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cswluo/CrossX" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 12.FDA: Feature Disruptive Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04385.pdf)
>  Though Deep Neural Networks (DNN) show excellent performance across various computer vision tasks, several works show their vulnerability to adversarial samples, i.e., image samples with imperceptible noise engineered to manipulate the network's prediction. Adversarial sample generation methods range from simple to complex optimization techniques. Majority of these methods generate adversaries through optimization objectives that are tied to the pre-softmax or softmax output of the network. In this work we, (i) show the drawbacks of such attacks, (ii) propose two new evaluation metrics: Old Label New Rank (OLNR) and New Label Old Rank (NLOR) in order to quantify the extent of damage made by an attack, and (iii) propose a new adversarial attack FDA: Feature Disruptive Attack, to address the drawbacks of existing attacks. FDA works by generating image perturbation that disrupt features at each layer of the network and causes deep-features to be highly corrupt. This allows FDA adversaries to severely reduce the performance of deep networks. We experimentally validate that FDA generates stronger adversaries than other state-of-the-art methods for image classification, even in the presence of various defense measures. More importantly, we show that FDA disrupts feature-representation based tasks even without access to the task-specific network or methodology. Code available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BardOfCodes/fda" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 13.RefineFace: Refinement Neural Network for High Performance Face Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04376.pdf)
>  Face detection has achieved significant progress in recent years. However, high performance face detection still remains a very challenging problem, especially when there exists many tiny faces. In this paper, we present a single-shot refinement face detector namely RefineFace to achieve high performance. Specifically, it consists of five modules: Selective Two-step Regression (STR), Selective Two-step Classification (STC), Scale-aware Margin Loss (SML), Feature Supervision Module (FSM) and Receptive Field Enhancement (RFE). To enhance the regression ability for high location accuracy, STR coarsely adjusts locations and sizes of anchors from high level detection layers to provide better initialization for subsequent regressor. To improve the classification ability for high recall efficiency, STC first filters out most simple negatives from low level detection layers to reduce search space for subsequent classifier, then SML is applied to better distinguish faces from background at various scales and FSM is introduced to let the backbone learn more discriminative features for classification. Besides, RFE is presented to provide more diverse receptive field to better capture faces in some extreme poses. Extensive experiments conducted on WIDER FACE, AFW, PASCAL Face, FDDB, MAFA demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art results and runs at $37.3$ FPS with ResNet-18 for VGA-resolution images. 
### 14.GBDT-MO: Gradient Boosted Decision Trees for Multiple Outputs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04373.pdf)
>  Gradient boosted decision trees (GBDTs) are widely used in machine learning, and the output of current GBDT implementations is a single variable. When there are multiple outputs, GBDT constructs multiple trees corresponding to the output variables. In this case, the correlations between variables are ignored by such a strategy causing redundancy of the learned tree structures. In this paper, we propose a general method to learn GBDT for multiple outputs, called GBDT-MO. Each leaf of GBDT-MO constructs predictions of all variables or a subset of automatically selected variables. This is achieved by considering the summation of objective gains over all output variables. Moreover, we extend histogram approximation into multiple output case and speed up the training process by the extended one. Various experiments on synthetic and real-world datasets verify that the learning mechanism of GBDT-MO plays a role in indirect regularization. Our code is available online. 
### 15.Structured Modeling of Joint Deep Feature and Prediction Refinement for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04366.pdf)
>  Recent saliency models extensively explore to incorporate multi-scale contextual information from Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Besides direct fusion strategies, many approaches introduce message-passing to enhance CNN features or predictions. However, the messages are mainly transmitted in two ways, by feature-to-feature passing, and by prediction-to-prediction passing. In this paper, we add message-passing between features and predictions and propose a deep unified CRF saliency model . We design a novel cascade CRFs architecture with CNN to jointly refine deep features and predictions at each scale and progressively compute a final refined saliency map. We formulate the CRF graphical model that involves message-passing of feature-feature, feature-prediction, and prediction-prediction, from the coarse scale to the finer scale, to update the features and the corresponding predictions. Also, we formulate the mean-field updates for joint end-to-end model training with CNN through back propagation. The proposed deep unified CRF saliency model is evaluated over six datasets and shows highly competitive performance among the state of the arts. 
### 16.Pose Agnostic Cross-spectral Hallucination via Disentangling Independent Factors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04365.pdf)
>  The cross-sensor gap is one of the challenges that arise much research interests in Heterogeneous Face Recognition (HFR). Although recent methods have attempted to fill the gap with deep generative networks, most of them suffered from the inevitable misalignment between different face modalities. Instead of imaging sensors, the misalignment primarily results from geometric variations (e.g., pose and expression) on faces that stay independent from spectrum. Rather than building a monolithic but complex structure, this paper proposes a Pose Agnostic Cross-spectral Hallucination (PACH) approach to disentangle the independent factors and deal with them in individual stages. In the first stage, an Unsupervised Face Alignment (UFA) network is designed to align the near-infrared (NIR) and visible (VIS) images in a generative way, where 3D information is effectively utilized as the pose guidance. Thus the task of the second stage becomes spectrum transform with paired data. We develop a Texture Prior Synthesis (TPS) network to accomplish complexion control and consequently generate more realistic VIS images than existing methods. Experiments on three challenging NIR-VIS datasets verify the effectiveness of our approach in producing visually appealing images and achieving state-of-the-art performance in cross-spectral HFR. 
### 17.FreiHAND: A Dataset for Markerless Capture of Hand Pose and Shape from Single RGB Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04349.pdf)
>  Estimating 3D hand pose from single RGB images is a highly ambiguous problem that relies on an unbiased training dataset. In this paper, we analyze cross-dataset generalization when training on existing datasets. We find that approaches perform well on the datasets they are trained on, but do not generalize to other datasets or in-the-wild scenarios. As a consequence, we introduce the first large-scale, multi-view hand dataset that is accompanied by both 3D hand pose and shape annotations. For annotating this real-world dataset, we propose an iterative, semi-automated `human-in-the-loop' approach, which includes hand fitting optimization to infer both the 3D pose and shape for each sample. We show that methods trained on our dataset consistently perform well when tested on other datasets. Moreover, the dataset allows us to train a network that predicts the full articulated hand shape from a single RGB image. The evaluation set can serve as a benchmark for articulated hand shape estimation. 
### 18.PARN: Position-Aware Relation Networks for Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04332.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning presents a challenge that a classifier must quickly adapt to new classes that do not appear in the training set, given only a few labeled examples of each new class. This paper proposes a position-aware relation network (PARN) to learn a more flexible and robust metric ability for few-shot learning. Relation networks (RNs), a kind of architectures for relational reasoning, can acquire a deep metric ability for images by just being designed as a simple convolutional neural network (CNN) [23]. However, due to the inherent local connectivity of CNN, the CNN-based relation network (RN) can be sensitive to the spatial position relationship of semantic objects in two compared images. To address this problem, we introduce a deformable feature extractor (DFE) to extract more efficient features, and design a dual correlation attention mechanism (DCA) to deal with its inherent local connectivity. Successfully, our proposed approach extents the potential of RN to be position-aware of semantic objects by introducing only a small number of parameters. We evaluate our approach on two major benchmark datasets, i.e., Omniglot and Mini-Imagenet, and on both of the datasets our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance with the setting of using a shallow feature extraction network. It's worth noting that our 5-way 1-shot result on Omniglot even outperforms the previous 5-way 5-shot results. 
### 19.UPC: Learning Universal Physical Camouflage Attacks on Object Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04326.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study physical adversarial attacks on object detectors in the wild. Prior arts on this matter mostly craft instance-dependent perturbations only for rigid and planar objects. To this end, we propose to learn an adversarial pattern to effectively attack all instances belonging to the same object category (e.g., person, car), referred to as Universal Physical Camouflage Attack (UPC). Concretely, UPC crafts camouflage by jointly fooling the region proposal network, as well as misleading the classifier and the regressor to output errors. In order to make UPC effective for articulated non-rigid or non-planar objects, we introduce a set of transformations for the generated camouflage patterns to mimic their deformable properties. We additionally impose optimization constraint to make generated patterns look natural for human observers. To fairly evaluate the effectiveness of different physical-world attacks on object detectors, we present the first standardized virtual database, AttackScenes, which simulates the real 3D world in a controllable and reproducible environment. Extensive experiments suggest the superiority of our proposed UPC compared with existing physical adversarial attackers not only in virtual environments (AttackScenes), but also in real-world physical environments. Codes, models, and demos are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://mesunhlf.github.io/index_physical.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 20.Towards Interpretable Image Synthesis by Learning Sparsely Connected AND-OR Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04324.pdf)
>  This paper proposes interpretable image synthesis by learning hierarchical AND-OR networks of sparsely connected semantically meaningful nodes. The proposed method is based on the compositionality and interpretability of scene-objects-parts-subparts-primitives hierarchy in image representation. A scene has different types (i.e., OR) each of which consists of a number of objects (i.e., AND). This can be recursively formulated across the scene-objects-parts-subparts hierarchy and is terminated at the primitive level (e.g., Gabor wavelets-like basis). To realize this interpretable AND-OR hierarchy in image synthesis, the proposed method consists of two components: (i) Each layer of the hierarchy is represented by an over-completed set of basis functions. The basis functions are instantiated using convolution to be translation covariant. Off-the-shelf convolutional neural architectures are then exploited to implement the hierarchy. (ii) Sparsity-inducing constraints are introduced in end-to-end training, which facilitate a sparsely connected AND-OR network to emerge from initially densely connected convolutional neural networks. A straightforward sparsity-inducing constraint is utilized, that is to only allow the top-$k$ basis functions to be active at each layer (where $k$ is a hyperparameter). The learned basis functions are also capable of image reconstruction to explain away input images. In experiments, the proposed method is tested on five benchmark datasets. The results show that meaningful and interpretable hierarchical representations are learned with better qualities of image synthesis and reconstruction obtained than state-of-the-art baselines. 
### 21.Learning Actions from Human Demonstration Video for Robotic Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04312.pdf)
>  Learning actions from human demonstration is an emerging trend for designing intelligent robotic systems, which can be referred as video to command. The performance of such approach highly relies on the quality of video captioning. However, the general video captioning methods focus more on the understanding of the full frame, lacking of consideration on the specific object of interests in robotic manipulations. We propose a novel deep model to learn actions from human demonstration video for robotic manipulation. It consists of two deep networks, grasp detection network (GNet) and video captioning network (CNet). GNet performs two functions: providing grasp solutions and extracting the local features for the object of interests in robotic manipulation. CNet outputs the captioning results by fusing the features of both full frames and local objects. Experimental results on UR5 robotic arm show that our method could produce more accurate command from video demonstration than state-of-the-art work, thereby leading to more robust grasping performance. 
### 22.Bayesian Relational Memory for Semantic Visual Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04306.pdf)
>  We introduce a new memory architecture, Bayesian Relational Memory (BRM), to improve the generalization ability for semantic visual navigation agents in unseen environments, where an agent is given a semantic target to navigate towards. BRM takes the form of a probabilistic relation graph over semantic entities (e.g., room types), which allows (1) capturing the layout prior from training environments, i.e., prior knowledge, (2) estimating posterior layout at test time, i.e., memory update, and (3) efficient planning for navigation, altogether. We develop a BRM agent consisting of a BRM module for producing sub-goals and a goal-conditioned locomotion module for control. When testing in unseen environments, the BRM agent outperforms baselines that do not explicitly utilize the probabilistic relational memory structure 
### 23.Knowledge Transfer Graph for Deep Collaborative Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04286.pdf)
>  We propose Deep Collaborative Learning (DCL), which is a method that incorporates Knowledge Distillation and Deep Mutual Learning, and represents graph using a more generalized knowledge transfer method. DCL is represented by a directional graph where each model is represented by a node, and the propagation of knowledge from the source node to the target node is represented by edges. In DCL, a hyperparameter search can be used to search for an optimal knowledge transfer graph. We also propose four types of gate structure to control the propagation of gradients through the network for edges. When searching a knowledge transfer graph, optimization is performed to maximize the recognition rate of optimization target node using collaborative learning network types and gate types as hyperparameters. Using the CIFAR-100 dataset to search for an optimal knowledge transfer graph structure, we obtained a graph structure learning method that combines Knowledge Distillation with Deep Mutual Learning. Also, in experiments with the CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and Tiny-ImageNet datasets, we achieved a significant improvement in accuracy without increasing the network parameters beyond the vanilla model. We also show that an optimized graph can be transferred to a different dataset. 
### 24.MVP-Net: Multi-view FPN with Position-aware Attention for Deep Universal Lesion Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04247.pdf)
>  Universal lesion detection (ULD) on computed tomography (CT) images is an important but underdeveloped problem. Recently, deep learning-based approaches have been proposed for ULD, aiming to learn representative features from annotated CT data. However, the hunger for data of deep learning models and the scarcity of medical annotation hinders these approaches to advance further. In this paper, we propose to incorporate domain knowledge in clinical practice into the model design of universal lesion detectors. Specifically, as radiologists tend to inspect multiple windows for an accurate diagnosis, we explicitly model this process and propose a multi-view feature pyramid network (FPN), where multi-view features are extracted from images rendered with varied window widths and window levels; to effectively combine this multi-view information, we further propose a position-aware attention module. With the proposed model design, the data-hunger problem is relieved as the learning task is made easier with the correctly induced clinical practice prior. We show promising results with the proposed model, achieving an absolute gain of $\mathbf{5.65\%}$ (in the sensitivity of FPs@4.0) over the previous state-of-the-art on the NIH DeepLesion dataset. 
### 25.Learning Object-specific Distance from a Monocular Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04182.pdf)
>  Environment perception, including object detection and distance estimation, is one of the most crucial tasks for autonomous driving. Many attentions have been paid on the object detection task, but distance estimation only arouse few interests in the computer vision community. Observing that the traditional inverse perspective mapping algorithm performs poorly for objects far away from the camera or on the curved road, in this paper, we address the challenging distance estimation problem by developing the first end-to-end learning-based model to directly predict distances for given objects in the images. Besides the introduction of a learning-based base model, we further design an enhanced model with a keypoint regressor, where a projection loss is defined to enforce a better distance estimation, especially for objects close to the camera. To facilitate the research on this task, we construct the extented KITTI and nuScenes (mini) object detection datasets with a distance for each object. Our experiments demonstrate that our proposed methods outperform alternative approaches (e.g., the traditional IPM, SVR) on object-specific distance estimation, particularly for the challenging cases that objects are on a curved road. Moreover, the performance margin implies the effectiveness of our enhanced method. 
### 26.MLOD: A multi-view 3D object detection based on robust feature fusion method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04163.pdf)
>  This paper presents Multi-view Labelling Object Detector (MLOD). The detector takes an RGB image and a LIDAR point cloud as input and follows the two-stage object detection framework. A Region Proposal Network (RPN) generates 3D proposals in a Bird's Eye View (BEV) projection of the point cloud. The second stage projects the 3D proposal bounding boxes to the image and BEV feature maps and sends the corresponding map crops to a detection header for classification and bounding-box regression. Unlike other multi-view based methods, the cropped image features are not directly fed to the detection header, but masked by the depth information to filter out parts outside 3D bounding boxes. The fusion of image and BEV features is challenging, as they are derived from different perspectives. We introduce a novel detection header, which provides detection results not just from fusion layer, but also from each sensor channel. Hence the object detector can be trained on data labelled in different views to avoid the degeneration of feature extractors. MLOD achieves state-of-the-art performance on the KITTI 3D object detection benchmark. Most importantly, the evaluation shows that the new header architecture is effective in preventing image feature extractor degeneration. 
### 27.Joint Learning of Saliency Detection and Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04161.pdf)
>  Existing weakly supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) methods usually utilize the results of pre-trained saliency detection (SD) models without explicitly modeling the connections between the two tasks, which is not the most efficient configuration. Here we propose a unified multi-task learning framework to jointly solve WSSS and SD using a single network, \ie saliency, and segmentation network (SSNet). SSNet consists of a segmentation network (SN) and a saliency aggregation module (SAM). For an input image, SN generates the segmentation result and, SAM predicts the saliency of each category and aggregating the segmentation masks of all categories into a saliency map. The proposed network is trained end-to-end with image-level category labels and class-agnostic pixel-level saliency labels. Experiments on PASCAL VOC 2012 segmentation dataset and four saliency benchmark datasets show the performance of our method compares favorably against state-of-the-art weakly supervised segmentation methods and fully supervised saliency detection methods. 
### 28.Machine and Deep Learning for Crowd Analytics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04150.pdf)
>  In high population cities, the gatherings of large crowds in public places and public areas accelerate or jeopardize people safety and transportation, which is a key challenge to the researchers. Although much research has been carried out on crowd analytics, many of existing methods are problem-specific, i.e., methods learned from a specific scene cannot be properly adopted to other videos. Therefore, this presents weakness and the discovery of these researches, since additional training samples have to be found from diverse videos. This paper will investigate diverse scene crowd analytics with traditional and deep learning models. We will also consider pros and cons of these approaches. However, once general deep methods are investigated from large datasets, they can be consider to investigate different crowd videos and images. Therefore, it would be able to cope with the problem including to not limited to crowd density estimation, crowd people counting, and crowd event recognition. Deep learning models and approaches are required to have large datasets for training and testing. Many datasets are collected taking into account many different and various problems related to building crowd datasets, including manual annotations and increasing diversity of videos and images. In this paper, we will also propose many models of deep neural networks and training approaches to learn the feature modeling for crowd analytics. 
### 29.ACE-Net: Biomedical Image Segmentation with Augmented Contracting and Expansive Paths  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04148.pdf)
>  Nowadays U-net-like FCNs predominate various biomedical image segmentation applications and attain promising performance, largely due to their elegant architectures, e.g., symmetric contracting and expansive paths as well as lateral skip-connections. It remains a research direction to devise novel architectures to further benefit the segmentation. In this paper, we develop an ACE-net that aims to enhance the feature representation and utilization by augmenting the contracting and expansive paths. In particular, we augment the paths by the recently proposed advanced techniques including ASPP, dense connection and deep supervision mechanisms, and novel connections such as directly connecting the raw image to the expansive side. With these augmentations, ACE-net can utilize features from multiple sources, scales and reception fields to segment while still maintains a relative simple architecture. Experiments on two typical biomedical segmentation tasks validate its effectiveness, where highly competitive results are obtained in both tasks while ACE-net still runs fast at inference. 
### 30.A Three-Feature Model to Predict Colour Change Blindness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04147.pdf)
>  Change blindness is a striking shortcoming of our visual system which is exploited in the popular "Spot the difference" game. It makes us unable to notice large visual changes happening right before our eyes and illustrates the fact that we see much less than we think we do. We introduce a fully automated model to predict colour change blindness in cartoon images based on two low-level image features and observer experience. Using linear regression with only three parameters, the predictions of the proposed model correlate significantly with measured detection times. We also demonstrate the efficacy of the model to classify stimuli in terms of difficulty. 
### 31.Self-reinforcing Unsupervised Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04138.pdf)
>  Remarkable gains in deep learning usually rely on tremendous supervised data. Ensuring the modality diversity for one object in training set is critical for the generalization of cutting-edge deep models, but it burdens human with heavy manual labor on data collection and annotation. In addition, some rare or unexpected modalities are new for the current model, causing reduced performance under such emerging modalities. Inspired by the achievements in speech recognition, psychology and behavioristics, we present a practical solution, self-reinforcing unsupervised matching (SUM), to annotate the images with 2D structure-preserving property in an emerging modality by cross-modality matching. This approach requires no any supervision in emerging modality and only one template in seen modality, providing a possible route towards continual learning. 
### 32.Learning a Self-inverse Network for Unpaired Bidirectional Image-to-image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04110.pdf)
>  Recently image-to-image translation has attracted significant interests in the literature, starting from the successful use of the generative adversarial network (GAN), to the introduction of cyclic constraint, to extensions to multiple domains. However, in existing approaches, there is no guarantee that the mapping between two image domains is unique or one-to-one. Here we propose a self-inverse network learning approach for unpaired image-to-image translation. Building on top of CycleGAN, we learn a self-inverse function by simply augmenting the training samples by switching inputs and outputs during training. The outcome of such learning is a proven one-to-one mapping function. Our extensive experiments on a variety of detests, including cross-modal medical image synthesis, object transfiguration, and semantic labeling, consistently demonstrate clear improvement over the CycleGAN method both qualitatively and quantitatively. Especially our proposed method reaches the state-of-the-art result on the label to photo direction of the cityscapes benchmark dataset. 
### 33.Adversarial Policy Gradient for Deep Learning Image Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04108.pdf)
>  The use of semantic segmentation for masking and cropping input images has proven to be a significant aid in medical imaging classification tasks by decreasing the noise and variance of the training dataset. However, implementing this approach with classical methods is challenging: the cost of obtaining a dense segmentation is high, and the precise input area that is most crucial to the classification task is difficult to determine a-priori. We propose a novel joint-training deep reinforcement learning framework for image augmentation. A segmentation network, weakly supervised with policy gradient optimization, acts as an agent, and outputs masks as actions given samples as states, with the goal of maximizing reward signals from the classification network. In this way, the segmentation network learns to mask unimportant imaging features. Our method, Adversarial Policy Gradient Augmentation (APGA), shows promising results on Stanford's MURA dataset and on a hip fracture classification task with an increase in global accuracy of up to 7.33% and improved performance over baseline methods in 9/10 tasks evaluated. We discuss the broad applicability of our joint training strategy to a variety of medical imaging tasks. 
### 34.Towards Learning a Self-inverse Network for Bidirectional Image-to-image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04104.pdf)
>  The one-to-one mapping is necessary for many bidirectional image-to-image translation applications, such as MRI image synthesis as MRI images are unique to the patient. State-of-the-art approaches for image synthesis from domain X to domain Y learn a convolutional neural network that meticulously maps between the domains. A different network is typically implemented to map along the opposite direction, from Y to X. In this paper, we explore the possibility of only wielding one network for bi-directional image synthesis. In other words, such an autonomous learning network implements a self-inverse function. A self-inverse network shares several distinct advantages: only one network instead of two, better generalization and more restricted parameter space. Most importantly, a self-inverse function guarantees a one-to-one mapping, a property that cannot be guaranteed by earlier approaches that are not self-inverse. The experiments on three datasets show that, compared with the baseline approaches that use two separate models for the image synthesis along two directions, our self-inverse network achieves better synthesis results in terms of standard metrics. Finally, our sensitivity analysis confirms the feasibility of learning a self-inverse function for the bidirectional image translation. 
### 35.OCR4all -- An Open-Source Tool Providing a (Semi-)Automatic OCR Workflow for Historical Printings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04032.pdf)
>  Optical Character Recognition (OCR) on historical printings is a challenging task mainly due to the complexity of the layout and the highly variant typography. Nevertheless, in the last few years great progress has been made in the area of historical OCR, resulting in several powerful open-source tools for preprocessing, layout recognition and segmentation, character recognition and post-processing. The drawback of these tools often is their limited applicability by non-technical users like humanist scholars and in particular the combined use of several tools in a workflow. In this paper we present an open-source OCR software called OCR4all, which combines state-of-the-art OCR components and continuous model training into a comprehensive workflow. A comfortable GUI allows error corrections not only in the final output, but already in early stages to minimize error propagations. Further on, extensive configuration capabilities are provided to set the degree of automation of the workflow and to make adaptations to the carefully selected default parameters for specific printings, if necessary. Experiments showed that users with minimal or no experience were able to capture the text of even the earliest printed books with manageable effort and great quality, achieving excellent character error rates (CERs) below 0.5%. The fully automated application on 19th century novels showed that OCR4all can considerably outperform the commercial state-of-the-art tool ABBYY Finereader on moderate layouts if suitably pretrained mixed OCR models are available. The architecture of OCR4all allows the easy integration (or substitution) of newly developed tools for its main components by standardized interfaces like PageXML, thus aiming at continual higher automation for historical printings. 
### 36.Prediction of Overall Survival of Brain Tumor Patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04596.pdf)
>  Automated brain tumor segmentation plays an important role in the diagnosis and prognosis of the patient. In addition, features from the tumorous brain help in predicting patients overall survival. The main focus of this paper is to segment tumor from BRATS 2018 benchmark dataset and use age, shape and volumetric features to predict overall survival of patients. The random forest classifier achieves overall survival accuracy of 59% on the test dataset and 67% on the dataset with resection status as gross total resection. The proposed approach uses fewer features but achieves better accuracy than state of the art methods. 
### 37.Integrating cross-modality hallucinated MRI with CT to aid mediastinal lung tumor segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04542.pdf)
>  Lung tumors, especially those located close to or surrounded by soft tissues like the mediastinum, are difficult to segment due to the low soft tissue contrast on computed tomography images. Magnetic resonance images contain superior soft-tissue contrast information that can be leveraged if both modalities were available for training. Therefore, we developed a cross-modality educed learning approach where MR information that is educed from CT is used to hallucinate MRI and improve CT segmentation. Our approach, called cross-modality educed deep learning segmentation (CMEDL) combines CT and pseudo MR produced from CT by aligning their features to obtain segmentation on CT. Features computed in the last two layers of parallelly trained CT and MR segmentation networks are aligned. We implemented this approach on U-net and dense fully convolutional networks (dense-FCN). Our networks were trained on unrelated cohorts from open-source the Cancer Imaging Archive CT images (N=377), an internal archive T2-weighted MR (N=81), and evaluated using separate validation (N=304) and testing (N=333) CT-delineated tumors. Our approach using both networks were significantly more accurate (U-net $P &lt;0.001$; denseFCN $P &lt;0.001$) than CT-only networks and achieved an accuracy (Dice similarity coefficient) of 0.71$\pm$0.15 (U-net), 0.74$\pm$0.12 (denseFCN) on validation and 0.72$\pm$0.14 (U-net), 0.73$\pm$0.12 (denseFCN) on the testing sets. Our novel approach demonstrated that educing cross-modality information through learned priors enhances CT segmentation performance 
### 38.Skin cancer detection based on deep learning and entropy to detect outlier samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04525.pdf)
>  We describe our methods to address both tasks of the ISIC 2019 challenge. The goal of this challenge is to provide the diagnostic for skin cancer using images and meta-data. There are nine classes in the dataset, nonetheless, one of them is an outlier and is not present on it. To tackle the challenge, we apply an ensemble of classifiers, which has 13 convolutional neural networks (CNN), we develop two approaches to handle the outlier class and we propose a straightforward method to use the meta-data along with the images. Throughout this report, we detail each methodology and parameters to make it easy to replicate our work. The results obtained are in accordance with the previous challenges and the approaches to detect the outlier class and to address the meta-data seem to be work properly. 
### 39.Virtual organelle self-coding for fluorescence imaging via adversarial learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04518.pdf)
>  Fluorescence microscopy plays a vital role in understanding the subcellular structures of living cells. However, it requires considerable effort in sample preparation related to chemical fixation, staining, cost, and time. To reduce those factors, we present a virtual fluorescence staining method based on deep neural networks (VirFluoNet) to transform fluorescence images of molecular labels into other molecular fluorescence labels in the same field-of-view. To achieve this goal, we develop and train a conditional generative adversarial network (cGAN) to perform digital fluorescence imaging demonstrated on human osteosarcoma U2OS cell fluorescence images captured under Cell Painting staining protocol. A detailed comparative analysis is also conducted on the performance of the cGAN network between predicting fluorescence channels based on phase contrast or based on another fluorescence channel using human breast cancer MDA-MB-231 cell line as a test case. In addition, we implement a deep learning model to perform autofocusing on another human U2OS fluorescence dataset as a preprocessing step to defocus an out-focus channel in U2OS dataset. A quantitative index of image prediction error is introduced based on signal pixel-wise spatial and intensity differences with ground truth to evaluate the performance of prediction to high-complex and throughput fluorescence. This index provides a rational way to perform image segmentation on error signals and to understand the likelihood of mis-interpreting biology from the predicted image. In total, these findings contribute to the utility of deep learning image regression for fluorescence microscopy datasets of biological cells, balanced against savings of cost, time, and experimental effort. Furthermore, the approach introduced here holds promise for modeling the internal relationships between organelles and biomolecules within living cells. 
### 40.U-net super-neural segmentation and similarity calculation to realize vegetation change assessment in satellite imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04410.pdf)
>  Vegetation is the natural linkage connecting soil, atmosphere and water. It can represent the change of land cover to a certain extent and serve as an indicator for global change research. Methods for measuring coverage can be divided into two types: surface measurement and remote sensing. Because vegetation cover has significant spatial and temporal differentiation characteristics, remote sensing has become an important technical means to estimate vegetation coverage. This paper firstly uses U-net to perform remote sensing image semantic segmentation training, then uses the result of semantic segmentation, and then uses the integral progressive method to calculate the forestland change rate, and finally realizes automated valuation of woodland change rate. 
### 41.Compositional Generalization in Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04402.pdf)
>  Image captioning models are usually evaluated on their ability to describe a held-out set of images, not on their ability to generalize to unseen concepts. We study the problem of compositional generalization, which measures how well a model composes unseen combinations of concepts when describing images. State-of-the-art image captioning models show poor generalization performance on this task. We propose a multi-task model to address the poor performance, that combines caption generation and image--sentence ranking, and uses a decoding mechanism that re-ranks the captions according their similarity to the image. This model is substantially better at generalizing to unseen combinations of concepts compared to state-of-the-art captioning models. 
### 42.JSI-GAN: GAN-Based Joint Super-Resolution and Inverse Tone-Mapping with Pixel-Wise Task-Specific Filters for UHD HDR Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04391.pdf)
>  Joint learning of super-resolution (SR) and inverse tone-mapping (ITM) has been explored recently, to convert legacy low resolution (LR) standard dynamic range (SDR) videos to high resolution (HR) high dynamic range (HDR) videos for the growing need of UHD HDR TV/broadcasting applications. However, previous CNN-based methods directly reconstruct the HR HDR frames from LR SDR frames, and are only trained with a simple L2 loss. In this paper, we take a divide-and-conquer approach in designing a novel GAN-based joint SR-ITM network, called JSI-GAN, which is composed of three task-specific subnets: an image reconstruction subnet, a detail restoration (DR) subnet and a local contrast enhancement (LCE) subnet. We delicately design these subnets so that they are appropriately trained for the intended purpose, learning a pair of pixel-wise 1D separable filters via the DR subnet for detail restoration and a pixel-wise 2D local filter by the LCE subnet for contrast enhancement. Moreover, to train the JSI-GAN effectively, we propose a novel detail GAN loss alongside the conventional GAN loss, which helps enhancing both local details and contrasts to reconstruct high quality HR HDR results. When all subnets are jointly trained well, the predicted HR HDR results of higher quality are obtained with at least 0.41 dB gain in PSNR over those generated by the previous methods. 
### 43.A Meta-Learning Framework for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04344.pdf)
>  Learning to classify unseen class samples at test time is popularly referred to as zero-shot learning (ZSL). If test samples can be from training (seen) as well as unseen classes, it is a more challenging problem due to the existence of strong bias towards seen classes. This problem is generally known as \emph{generalized} zero-shot learning (GZSL). Thanks to the recent advances in generative models such as VAEs and GANs, sample synthesis based approaches have gained considerable attention for solving this problem. These approaches are able to handle the problem of class bias by synthesizing unseen class samples. However, these ZSL/GZSL models suffer due to the following key limitations: $(i)$ Their training stage learns a class-conditioned generator using only \emph{seen} class data and the training stage does not \emph{explicitly} learn to generate the unseen class samples; $(ii)$ They do not learn a generic optimal parameter which can easily generalize for both seen and unseen class generation; and $(iii)$ If we only have access to a very few samples per seen class, these models tend to perform poorly. In this paper, we propose a meta-learning based generative model that naturally handles these limitations. The proposed model is based on integrating model-agnostic meta learning with a Wasserstein GAN (WGAN) to handle $(i)$ and $(iii)$, and uses a novel task distribution to handle $(ii)$. Our proposed model yields significant improvements on standard ZSL as well as more challenging GZSL setting. In ZSL setting, our model yields 4.5\%, 6.0\%, 9.8\%, and 27.9\% relative improvements over the current state-of-the-art on CUB, AWA1, AWA2, and aPY datasets, respectively. 
### 44.GlassLoc: Plenoptic Grasp Pose Detection in Transparent Clutter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04269.pdf)
>  Transparent objects are prevalent across many environments of interest for dexterous robotic manipulation. Such transparent material leads to considerable uncertainty for robot perception and manipulation, and remains an open challenge for robotics. This problem is exacerbated when multiple transparent objects cluster into piles of clutter. In household environments, for example, it is common to encounter piles of glassware in kitchens, dining rooms, and reception areas, which are essentially invisible to modern robots. We present the GlassLoc algorithm for grasp pose detection of transparent objects in transparent clutter using plenoptic sensing. GlassLoc classifies graspable locations in space informed by a Depth Likelihood Volume (DLV) descriptor. We extend the DLV to infer the occupancy of transparent objects over a given space from multiple plenoptic viewpoints. We demonstrate and evaluate the GlassLoc algorithm on a Michigan Progress Fetch mounted with a first-generation Lytro. The effectiveness of our algorithm is evaluated through experiments for grasp detection and execution with a variety of transparent glassware in minor clutter. 
### 45.Real-time Scalable Dense Surfel Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04250.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel dense surfel mapping system that scales well in different environments with only CPU computation. Using a sparse SLAM system to estimate camera poses, the proposed mapping system can fuse intensity images and depth images into a globally consistent model. The system is carefully designed so that it can build from room-scale environments to urban-scale environments using depth images from RGB-D cameras, stereo cameras or even a monocular camera. First, superpixels extracted from both intensity and depth images are used to model surfels in the system. superpixel-based surfels make our method both run-time efficient and memory efficient. Second, surfels are further organized according to the pose graph of the SLAM system to achieve $O(1)$ fusion time regardless of the scale of reconstructed models. Third, a fast map deformation using the optimized pose graph enables the map to achieve global consistency in real-time. The proposed surfel mapping system is compared with other state-of-the-art methods on synthetic datasets. The performances of urban-scale and room-scale reconstruction are demonstrated using the KITTI dataset and autonomous aggressive flights, respectively. The code is available for the benefit of the community. 
### 46.Swapped Face Detection using Deep Learning and Subjective Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04217.pdf)
>  The tremendous success of deep learning for imaging applications has resulted in numerous beneficial advances. Unfortunately, this success has also been a catalyst for malicious uses such as photo-realistic face swapping of parties without consent. Transferring one person's face from a source image to a target image of another person, while keeping the image photo-realistic overall has become increasingly easy and automatic, even for individuals without much knowledge of image processing. In this study, we use deep transfer learning for face swapping detection, showing true positive rates &gt;96% with very few false alarms. Distinguished from existing methods that only provide detection accuracy, we also provide uncertainty for each prediction, which is critical for trust in the deployment of such detection systems. Moreover, we provide a comparison to human subjects. To capture human recognition performance, we build a website to collect pairwise comparisons of images from human subjects. Based on these comparisons, images are ranked from most real to most fake. We compare this ranking to the outputs from our automatic model, showing good, but imperfect, correspondence with linear correlations &gt;0.75. Overall, the results show the effectiveness of our method. As part of this study, we create a novel, publicly available dataset that is, to the best of our knowledge, the largest public swapped face dataset created using still images. Our goal of this study is to inspire more research in the field of image forensics through the creation of a public dataset and initial analysis. 
### 47.Confidence Measure Guided Single Image De-raining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04207.pdf)
>  Single image de-raining is an extremely challenging problem since the rainy images contain rain streaks which often vary in size, direction and density. This varying characteristic of rain streaks affect different parts of the image differently. Previous approaches have attempted to address this problem by leveraging some prior information to remove rain streaks from a single image. One of the major limitations of these approaches is that they do not consider the location information of rain drops in the image. The proposed Image Quality-based single image Deraining using Confidence measure (QuDeC), network addresses this issue by learning the quality or distortion level of each patch in the rainy image, and further processes this information to learn the rain content at different scales. In addition, we introduce a technique which guides the network to learn the network weights based on the confidence measure about the estimate of both quality at each location and residual rain streak information (residual map). Extensive experiments on synthetic and real datasets demonstrate that the proposed method achieves significant improvements over the recent state-of-the-art methods. 
### 48.Novel diffusion-derived distance measures for graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04203.pdf)
>  We define a new family of similarity and distance measures on graphs, and explore their theoretical properties in comparison to conventional distance metrics. These measures are defined by the solution(s) to an optimization problem which attempts find a map minimizing the discrepancy between two graph Laplacian exponential matrices, under norm-preserving and sparsity constraints. Variants of the distance metric are introduced to consider such optimized maps under sparsity constraints as well as fixed time-scaling between the two Laplacians. The objective function of this optimization is multimodal and has discontinuous slope, and is hence difficult for univariate optimizers to solve. We demonstrate a novel procedure for efficiently calculating these optima for two of our distance measure variants. We present numerical experiments demonstrating that (a) upper bounds of our distance metrics can be used to distinguish between lineages of related graphs; (b) our procedure is faster at finding the required optima, by as much as a factor of 10^3; and (c) the upper bounds satisfy the triangle inequality exactly under some assumptions and approximately under others. We also derive an upper bound for the distance between two graph products, in terms of the distance between the two pairs of factors. Additionally, we present several possible applications, including the construction of infinite "graph limits" by means of Cauchy sequences of graphs related to one another by our distance measure. 
### 49.DaTscan SPECT Image Classification for Parkinson's Disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04142.pdf)
>  Parkinson's Disease (PD) is a neurodegenerative disease that currently does not have a cure. In order to facilitate disease management and reduce the speed of symptom progression, early diagnosis is essential. The current clinical, diagnostic approach is to have radiologists perform human visual analysis of the degeneration of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra region of the brain. Clinically, dopamine levels are monitored through observing dopamine transporter (DaT) activity. One method of DaT activity analysis is performed with the injection of an Iodine-123 fluoropropyl (123I-FP-CIT) tracer combined with single photon emission computerized tomography (SPECT) imaging. The tracer illustrates the region of interest in the resulting DaTscan SPECT images. Human visual analysis is slow and vulnerable to subjectivity between radiologists, so the goal was to develop an introductory implementation of a deep convolutional neural network that can objectively and accurately classify DaTscan SPECT images as Parkinson's Disease or normal. This study illustrates the approach of using a deep convolutional neural network and evaluates its performance on DaTscan SPECT image classification. The data used in this study was obtained through a database provided by the Parkinson's Progression Markers Initiative (PPMI). The deep neural network in this study utilizes the InceptionV3 architecture, 1st runner up in the 2015 ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Competition (ILSVRC), as a base model. A custom, binary classifier block was added on top of this base. In order to account for the small dataset size, a ten fold cross validation was implemented to evaluate the model's performance. 
### 50.Detection and Classification of Breast Cancer Metastates Based on U-Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04141.pdf)
>  This paper presents U-net based breast cancer metastases detection and classification in lymph nodes, as well as patient-level classification based on metastases detection. The whole pipeline can be divided into five steps: preprocessing and data argumentation, patch-based segmentation, post processing, slide-level classification, and patient-level classification. In order to reduce overfitting and speedup convergence, we applied batch normalization and dropout into U-Net. The final Kappa score reaches 0.902 on training data. 
### 51.DeepObfuscator: Adversarial Training Framework for Privacy-Preserving Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04126.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been widely utilized in many computer vision applications and achieved remarkable commercial success. However, running deep learning models on mobile devices is generally challenging due to limitation of the available computing resources. It is common to let the users send their service requests to cloud servers that run the large-scale deep learning models to process. Sending the data associated with the service requests to the cloud, however, impose risks on the user data privacy. Some prior arts proposed sending the features extracted from raw data (e.g., images) to the cloud. Unfortunately, these extracted features can still be exploited by attackers to recover raw images and to infer embedded private attributes (e.g., age, gender, etc.). In this paper, we propose an adversarial training framework DeepObfuscator that can prevent extracted features from being utilized to reconstruct raw images and infer private attributes, while retaining the useful information for the intended cloud service (i.e., image classification). DeepObfuscator includes a learnable encoder, namely, obfuscator that is designed to hide privacy-related sensitive information from the features by performingour proposed adversarial training algorithm. Our experiments on CelebAdataset show that the quality of the reconstructed images fromthe obfuscated features of the raw image is dramatically decreased from 0.9458 to 0.3175 in terms of multi-scale structural similarity (MS-SSIM). The person in the reconstructed image, hence, becomes hardly to be re-identified. The classification accuracy of the inferred private attributes that can be achieved by the attacker drops down to a random-guessing level, e.g., the accuracy of gender is reduced from 97.36% to 58.85%. As a comparison, the accuracy of the intended classification tasks performed via the cloud service drops by only 2% 
### 52.Neural Naturalist: Generating Fine-Grained Image Comparisons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04101.pdf)
>  We introduce the new Birds-to-Words dataset of 41k sentences describing fine-grained differences between photographs of birds. The language collected is highly detailed, while remaining understandable to the everyday observer (e.g., "heart-shaped face," "squat body"). Paragraph-length descriptions naturally adapt to varying levels of taxonomic and visual distance---drawn from a novel stratified sampling approach---with the appropriate level of detail. We propose a new model called Neural Naturalist that uses a joint image encoding and comparative module to generate comparative language, and evaluate the results with humans who must use the descriptions to distinguish real images. <br>Our results indicate promising potential for neural models to explain differences in visual embedding space using natural language, as well as a concrete path for machine learning to aid citizen scientists in their effort to preserve biodiversity. 
### 53.Privacy-Net: An Adversarial Approach For Identity-obfuscated Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.04087.pdf)
>  This paper presents a privacy-preserving network oriented towards medical image analysis. Our approach is based on adversarial learning which encodes images to obfuscate the patient identity while preserving enough information for a target task. Our novel architecture is composed of three components: 1) an encoder network which removes identity-specific features from input medical images, 2) a discriminator network that attempts to identify the subject from the encoded images, 3) a medical image analysis network which analyzes the content of the encoded images (segmentation in our case). By simultaneously fooling the discriminator and optimizing the medical analysis network, the encoder learns to remove privacy-specific features while keeping those essentials for the target task. Our approach is illustrated on the problem of segmenting brain MRI from the large-scale Parkinson Progression Marker Initiative (PPMI) dataset. Using longitudinal data from PPMI, we show that the discriminator learns to heavily distort input images while allowing for highly accurate segmentation results. 
### 54.Linear Context Transform Block  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.03834.pdf)
>  Squeeze-and-Excitation (SE) block presents a channel attention mechanism for modeling the global context via explicitly capturing dependencies between channels. However, we still poorly understand for SE block. In this work, we first revisit the SE block and present a detailed empirical study of the relationship between global context and attention distribution, based on which we further propose a simple yet effective module. We call this module Linear Context Transform (LCT) block, which implicitly captures dependencies between channels and linearly transforms the global context of each channel. LCT block is extremely lightweight with negligible parameters and computations. Extensive experiments show that LCT block outperforms SE block in image classification on ImageNet and object detection/segmentation on COCO across many models. Moreover, we also demonstrate that LCT block can yield consistent performance gains for existing state-of-the-art detection architectures. For examples, LCT block brings 1.5$\sim$1.7% AP$^{bbox}$ and 1.0%$\sim$1.2% AP$^{mask}$ gains independently of the detector strength on COCO benchmark. We hope our work will provide a new insight into the channel attention 
### 55.High Resolution Medical Image Analysis with Spatial Partitioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.03108.pdf)
>  Medical images such as 3D computerized tomography (CT) scans and pathology images, have hundreds of millions or billions of voxels/pixels. It is infeasible to train CNN models directly on such high resolution images, because neural activations of a single image do not fit in the memory of a single GPU/TPU. Existing image analysis approaches alleviate this problem by cropping or down-sampling input images, which leads to complicated implementation and sub-optimal performance due to information loss. In this paper, we implement spatial partitioning, which internally distributes the input and output of convolutional layers across GPUs/TPUs. Our implementation is based on the Mesh-TensorFlow framework and the computation distribution is transparent to end users. With this technique, we train a 3D Unet on up to 512 by 512 by 512 resolution data. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work for handling such high resolution images end-to-end. 
