# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 16 Sep 2019
### 1.MRI Brain Tumor Segmentation using Random Forests and Fully Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06337.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel learning based method for automated segmentation of brain tumor in multimodal MRI images, which incorporates two sets of machine -learned and hand crafted features. Fully convolutional networks (FCN) forms the machine learned features and texton based features are considered as hand-crafted features. Random forest (RF) is used to classify the MRI image voxels into normal brain tissues and different parts of tumors, i.e. edema, necrosis and enhancing tumor. The method was evaluated on BRATS 2017 challenge dataset. The results show that the proposed method provides promising segmentations. The mean Dice overlap measure for automatic brain tumor segmentation against ground truth is 0.86, 0.78 and 0.66 for whole tumor, core and enhancing tumor, respectively. 
### 2.Hierarchical Joint Scene Coordinate Classification and Regression for Visual Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06216.pdf)
>  Visual localization is pivotal to many applications in computer vision and robotics. To address single-image RGB localization, state-of-the-art feature based methods solve the task by matching local descriptors between a query image and a pre-built 3D model. Recently, deep neural networks have been exploited to directly learn the mapping between raw pixels and 3D coordinates in the scene, and thus the matching is implicitly performed by the forward pass through the network. In this work, we present a new hierarchical joint classification-regression network to predict pixel scene coordinates in a coarse-to-fine manner from a single RGB image. The network consists of a series of output layers with each of them conditioned on the outputs of previous ones, where the final output layer regresses the coordinates and the others produce coarse location labels. Our experiments show that the proposed method outperforms the vanilla scene coordinate regression network and is more scalable to large environments. With data augmentation, it achieves the state-of-the-art single-image RGB localization performance on three benchmark datasets. 
### 3.Recurrent Connectivity Aids Recognition of Partly Occluded Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06175.pdf)
>  Feedforward convolutional neural networks are the prevalent model of core object recognition. For challenging conditions, such as occlusion, neuroscientists believe that the recurrent connectivity in the visual cortex aids object recognition. In this work we investigate if and how artificial neural networks can also benefit from recurrent connectivity. For this we systematically compare architectures comprised of bottom-up (B), lateral (L) and top-down (T) connections. To evaluate performance, we introduce two novel stereoscopic occluded object datasets, which bridge the gap from classifying digits to recognizing 3D objects. The task consists of recognizing one target object occluded by multiple occluder objects. We find that recurrent models perform significantly better than their feedforward counterparts, which were matched in parametric complexity. We show that for challenging stimuli, the recurrent feedback is able to correctly revise the initial feedforward guess of the network. Overall, our results suggest that both artificial and biological neural networks can exploit recurrence for improved object recognition. 
### 4.Brain-Like Object Recognition with High-Performing Shallow Recurrent ANNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06161.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional artificial neural networks (ANNs) are the leading class of candidate models of the mechanisms of visual processing in the primate ventral stream. While initially inspired by brain anatomy, over the past years, these ANNs have evolved from a simple eight-layer architecture in AlexNet to extremely deep and branching architectures, demonstrating increasingly better object categorization performance, yet bringing into question how brain-like they still are. In particular, typical deep models from the machine learning community are often hard to map onto the brain's anatomy due to their vast number of layers and missing biologically-important connections, such as recurrence. Here we demonstrate that better anatomical alignment to the brain and high performance on machine learning as well as neuroscience measures do not have to be in contradiction. We developed CORnet-S, a shallow ANN with four anatomically mapped areas and recurrent connectivity, guided by Brain-Score, a new large-scale composite of neural and behavioral benchmarks for quantifying the functional fidelity of models of the primate ventral visual stream. Despite being significantly shallower than most models, CORnet-S is the top model on Brain-Score and outperforms similarly compact models on ImageNet. Moreover, our extensive analyses of CORnet-S circuitry variants reveal that recurrence is the main predictive factor of both Brain-Score and ImageNet top-1 performance. Finally, we report that the temporal evolution of the CORnet-S "IT" neural population resembles the actual monkey IT population dynamics. Taken together, these results establish CORnet-S, a compact, recurrent ANN, as the current best model of the primate ventral visual stream. 
### 5.Video Rain/Snow Removal by Transformed Online Multiscale Convolutional Sparse Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06148.pdf)
>  Video rain/snow removal from surveillance videos is an important task in the computer vision community since rain/snow existed in videos can severely degenerate the performance of many surveillance system. Various methods have been investigated extensively, but most only consider consistent rain/snow under stable background scenes. Rain/snow captured from practical surveillance camera, however, is always highly dynamic in time with the background scene transformed occasionally. To this issue, this paper proposes a novel rain/snow removal approach, which fully considers dynamic statistics of both rain/snow and background scenes taken from a video sequence. Specifically, the rain/snow is encoded as an online multi-scale convolutional sparse coding (OMS-CSC) model, which not only finely delivers the sparse scattering and multi-scale shapes of real rain/snow, but also well encodes their temporally dynamic configurations by real-time ameliorated parameters in the model. Furthermore, a transformation operator imposed on the background scenes is further embedded into the proposed model, which finely conveys the dynamic background transformations, such as rotations, scalings and distortions, inevitably existed in a real video sequence. The approach so constructed can naturally better adapt to the dynamic rain/snow as well as background changes, and also suitable to deal with the streaming video attributed its online learning mode. The proposed model is formulated in a concise maximum a posterior (MAP) framework and is readily solved by the ADMM algorithm. Compared with the state-of-the-art online and offline video rain/snow removal methods, the proposed method achieves better performance on synthetic and real videos datasets both visually and quantitatively. Specifically, our method can be implemented in relatively high efficiency, showing its potential to real-time video rain/snow removal. 
### 6.Dual Graph Convolutional Network for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06121.pdf)
>  Exploiting long-range contextual information is key for pixel-wise prediction tasks such as semantic segmentation. In contrast to previous work that uses multi-scale feature fusion or dilated convolutions, we propose a novel graph-convolutional network (GCN) to address this problem. Our Dual Graph Convolutional Network (DGCNet) models the global context of the input feature by modelling two orthogonal graphs in a single framework. The first component models spatial relationships between pixels in the image, whilst the second models interdependencies along the channel dimensions of the network's feature map. This is done efficiently by projecting the feature into a new, lower-dimensional space where all pairwise interactions can be modelled, before reprojecting into the original space. Our simple method provides substantial benefits over a strong baseline and achieves state-of-the-art results on both Cityscapes (82.0\% mean IoU) and Pascal Context (53.7\% mean IoU) datasets. 
### 7.Weakly-Supervised 3D Pose Estimation from a Single Image using Multi-View Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06119.pdf)
>  We present a novel data-driven regularizer for weakly-supervised learning of 3D human pose estimation that eliminates the drift problem that affects existing approaches. We do this by moving the stereo reconstruction problem into the loss of the network itself. This avoids the need to reconstruct 3D data prior to training and unlike previous semi-supervised approaches, avoids the need for a warm-up period of supervised training. The conceptual and implementational simplicity of our approach is fundamental to its appeal. Not only is it straightforward to augment many weakly-supervised approaches with our additional re-projection based loss, but it is obvious how it shapes reconstructions and prevents drift. As such we believe it will be a valuable tool for any researcher working in weakly-supervised 3D reconstruction. Evaluating on Panoptic, the largest multi-camera and markerless dataset available, we obtain an accuracy that is essentially indistinguishable from a strongly-supervised approach making full use of 3D groundtruth in training. 
### 8.A Collaborative Approach using Ridge-Valley Minutiae for More Accurate Contactless Fingerprint Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06045.pdf)
>  Contactless fingerprint identification has emerged as an reliable and user friendly alternative for the personal identification in a range of e-business and law-enforcement applications. It is however quite known from the literature that the contactless fingerprint images deliver remarkably low matching accuracies as compared with those obtained from the contact-based fingerprint sensors. This paper develops a new approach to significantly improve contactless fingerprint matching capabilities available today. We systematically analyze the extent of complimentary ridge-valley information and introduce new approaches to achieve significantly higher matching accuracy over state-of-art fingerprint matchers commonly employed today. We also investigate least explored options for the fingerprint color-space conversions, which can play a key-role for more accurate contactless fingerprint matching. This paper presents experimental results from different publicly available contactless fingerprint databases using NBIS, MCC and COTS matchers. Our consistently outperforming results validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach for more accurate contactless fingerprint identification. 
### 9.BPnP: Further Empowering End-to-End Learning with Back-Propagatable Geometric Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06043.pdf)
>  In this paper we present BPnP, a novel method to do back-propagation through a PnP solver. We show that the gradients of such geometric optimization process can be computed using the Implicit Function Theorem as if it is differentiable. Furthermore, we develop a residual-conformity trick to make end-to-end pose regression using BPnP smooth and stable. We also propose a "march in formation" algorithm which successfully uses BPnP for keypoint regression. <br>Our invention opens a door to vast possibilities. The ability to incorporate geometric optimization in end-to-end learning will greatly boost its power and promote innovations in various computer vision tasks. 
### 10.DARTS+: Improved Differentiable Architecture Search with Early Stopping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06035.pdf)
>  Recently, there has been a growing interest in automating the process of neural architecture design, and the Differentiable Architecture Search (DARTS) method makes the process available within a few GPU days. In particular, a hyper-network called one-shot model is introduced, over which the architecture can be searched continuously with gradient descent. However, the performance of DARTS is often observed to collapse when the number of search epochs becomes large. Meanwhile, lots of "skip-connects" are found in the selected architectures. In this paper, we claim that the cause of the collapse is that there exist cooperation and competition in the bi-level optimization in DARTS, where the architecture parameters and model weights are updated alternatively. Therefore, we propose a simple and effective algorithm, named "DARTS+", to avoid the collapse and improve the original DARTS, by "early stopping" the search procedure when meeting a certain criterion. We demonstrate that the proposed early stopping criterion is effective in avoiding the collapse issue. We also conduct experiments on benchmark datasets and show the effectiveness of our DARTS+ algorithm, where DARTS+ achieves $2.32\%$ test error on CIFAR10, $14.87\%$ on CIFAR100, and $23.7\%$ on ImageNet. We further remark that the idea of "early stopping" is implicitly included in some existing DARTS variants by manually setting a small number of search epochs, while we give an explicit criterion for "early stopping". 
### 11.Part-Guided Attention Learning for Vehicle Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06023.pdf)
>  Vehicle re-identification (Re-ID) often requires one to recognize the fine-grained visual differences between vehicles. Besides the holistic appearance of vehicles which is easily affected by the viewpoint variation and distortion, vehicle parts also provide crucial cues to differentiate near-identical vehicles. Motivated by these observations, we introduce a Part-Guided Attention Network (PGAN) to pinpoint the prominent part regions and effectively combine the global and part information for discriminative feature learning. PGAN first detects the locations of different part components and salient regions regardless of the vehicle identity, which serve as the bottom-up attention to narrow down the possible searching regions. To estimate the importance of detected parts, we propose a Part Attention Module (PAM) to adaptively locate the most discriminative regions with high-attention weights and suppress the distraction of irrelevant parts with relatively low weights. The PAM is guided by the Re-ID loss and therefore provides top-down attention that enables attention to be calculated at the level of car parts and other salient regions. Finally, we aggregate the global appearance and part features to improve the feature performance further. The PGAN combines part-guided bottom-up and top-down attention, global and part visual features in an end-to-end framework. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed method achieves new state-of-the-art vehicle Re-ID performance on four large-scale benchmark datasets. 
### 12.Towards Generalizable Forgery Detection with Locality-aware AutoEncoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05999.pdf)
>  With advancements of deep learning techniques, it is now possible to generate super-realistic fake images and videos. These manipulated forgeries could reach mass audience and result in adverse impacts on our society. Although lots of efforts have been devoted to detect forgeries, their performance drops significantly on previously unseen but related manipulations and the detection generalization capability remains a problem. To bridge this gap, in this paper we propose Locality-aware AutoEncoder (LAE), which combines fine-grained representation learning and enforcing locality in a unified framework. In the training process, we use pixel-wise mask to regularize local interpretation of LAE to enforce the model to learn intrinsic representation from the forgery region, instead of capturing artifacts in the training set and learning spurious correlations to perform detection. We further propose an active learning framework to select the challenging candidates for labeling, to reduce the annotation efforts to regularize interpretations. Experimental results indicate that LAE indeed could focus on the forgery regions to make decisions. The results further show that LAE achieves superior generalization performance compared to state-of-the-arts on forgeries generated by alternative manipulation methods. 
### 13.Rethinking Zero-Shot Learning: A Conditional Visual Classification Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05995.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) aims to recognize instances of unseen classes solely based on the semantic descriptions of the classes. Existing algorithms usually formulate it as a semantic-visual correspondence problem, by learning mappings from one feature space to the other. Despite being reasonable, previous approaches essentially discard the highly precious discriminative power of visual features in an implicit way, and thus produce undesirable results. We instead reformulate ZSL as a conditioned visual classification problem, i.e., classifying visual features based on the classifiers learned from the semantic descriptions. With this reformulation, we develop algorithms targeting various ZSL settings: For the conventional setting, we propose to train a deep neural network that directly generates visual feature classifiers from the semantic attributes with an episode-based training scheme; For the generalized setting, we concatenate the learned highly discriminative classifiers for seen classes and the generated classifiers for unseen classes to classify visual features of all classes; For the transductive setting, we exploit unlabeled data to effectively calibrate the classifier generator using a novel learning-without-forgetting self-training mechanism and guide the process by a robust generalized cross-entropy loss. Extensive experiments show that our proposed algorithms significantly outperform state-of-the-art methods by large margins on most benchmark datasets in all the ZSL settings. 
### 14.FoodTracker: A Real-time Food Detection Mobile Application by Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05994.pdf)
>  We present a mobile application made to recognize food items of multi-object meal from a single image in real-time, and then return the nutrition facts with components and approximate amounts. Our work is organized in two parts. First, we build a deep convolutional neural network merging with YOLO, a state-of-the-art detection strategy, to achieve simultaneous multi-object recognition and localization with nearly 80% mean average precision. Second, we adapt our model into a mobile application with extending function for nutrition analysis. After inferring and decoding the model output in the app side, we present detection results that include bounding box position and class label in either real-time or local mode. Our model is well-suited for mobile devices with negligible inference time and small memory requirements with a deep learning algorithm. 
### 15.Content-Aware Unsupervised Deep Homography Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05983.pdf)
>  Robust homography estimation between two images is a fundamental task which has been widely applied to various vision applications. Traditional feature based methods often detect image features and fit a homography according to matched features with RANSAC outlier removal. However, the quality of homography heavily relies on the quality of image features, which are prone to errors with respect to low light and low texture images. On the other hand, previous deep homography approaches either synthesize images for supervised learning or adopt aerial images for unsupervised learning, both ignoring the importance of depth disparities in homography estimation. Moreover, they treat the image content equally, including regions of dynamic objects and near-range foregrounds, which further decreases the quality of estimation. In this work, to overcome such problems, we propose an unsupervised deep homography method with a new architecture design. We learn a mask during the estimation to reject outlier regions. In addition, we calculate loss with respect to our learned deep features instead of directly comparing the image contents as did previously. Moreover, a comprehensive dataset is presented, covering both regular and challenging cases, such as poor textures and non-planar interferences. The effectiveness of our method is validated through comparisons with both feature-based and previous deep-based methods. Code will be soon available at Github. 
### 16.Unsupervised Image Regression for Heterogeneous Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05948.pdf)
>  Change detection in heterogeneous multitemporal satellite images is an emerging and challenging topic in remote sensing. In particular, one of the main challenges is to tackle the problem in an unsupervised manner. In this paper we propose an unsupervised framework for bitemporal heterogeneous change detection based on the comparison of affinity matrices and image regression. First, our method quantifies the similarity of affinity matrices computed from co-located image patches in the two images. This is done to automatically identify pixels that are likely to be unchanged. With the identified pixels as pseudo-training data, we learn a transformation to map the first image to the domain of the other image, and vice versa. Four regression methods are selected to carry out the transformation: Gaussian process regression, support vector regression, random forest regression, and a recently proposed kernel regression method called homogeneous pixel transformation. To evaluate the potentials and limitations of our framework, and also the benefits and disadvantages of each regression method, we perform experiments on two real data sets. The results indicate that the comparison of the affinity matrices can already be considered a change detection method by itself. However, image regression is shown to improve the results obtained by the previous step alone and produces accurate change detection maps despite of the heterogeneity of the multitemporal input data. Notably, the random forest regression approach excels by achieving similar accuracy as the other methods, but with a significantly lower computational cost and with fast and robust tuning of hyperparameters. 
### 17.Transferable Adversarial Robustness using Adversarially Trained Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05921.pdf)
>  Machine learning has proven to be an extremely useful tool for solving complex problems in many application domains. This prevalence makes it an attractive target for malicious actors. Adversarial machine learning is a well-studied field of research in which an adversary seeks to cause predicable errors in a machine learning algorithm through careful manipulation of the input. In response, numerous techniques have been proposed to harden machine learning algorithms and mitigate the effect of adversarial attacks. Of these techniques, adversarial training, which augments the training data with adversarial inputs, has proven to be an effective defensive technique. However, adversarial training is computationally expensive and the improvements in adversarial performance are limited to a single model. In this paper, we propose Adversarially-Trained Autoencoder Augmentation, the first transferable adversarial defense that is robust to certain adaptive adversaries. We disentangle adversarial robustness from the classification pipeline by adversarially training an autoencoder with respect to the classification loss. We show that our approach achieves comparable results to state-of-the-art adversarially trained models on the MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, and CIFAR-10 datasets. Furthermore, we can transfer our approach to other vulnerable models and improve their adversarial performance without additional training. Finally, we combine our defense with ensemble methods and parallelize adversarial training across multiple vulnerable pre-trained models. In a single adversarial training session, the autoencoder can achieve adversarial performance on the vulnerable models that is comparable or better than standard adversarial training. 
### 18.Efficient 2.5D Hand Pose Estimation via Auxiliary Multi-Task Training for Embedded Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05897.pdf)
>  2D Key-point estimation is an important precursor to 3D pose estimation problems for human body and hands. In this work, we discuss the data, architecture, and training procedure necessary to deploy extremely efficient 2.5D hand pose estimation on embedded devices with highly constrained memory and compute envelope, such as AR/VR wearables. Our 2.5D hand pose estimation consists of 2D key-point estimation of joint positions on an egocentric image, captured by a depth sensor, and lifted to 2.5D using the corresponding depth values. Our contributions are two fold: (a) We discuss data labeling and augmentation strategies, the modules in the network architecture that collectively lead to $3\%$ the flop count and $2\%$ the number of parameters when compared to the state of the art MobileNetV2 architecture. (b) We propose an auxiliary multi-task training strategy needed to compensate for the small capacity of the network while achieving comparable performance to MobileNetV2. Our 32-bit trained model has a memory footprint of less than 300 Kilobytes, operates at more than 50 Hz with less than 35 MFLOPs. 
### 19.Measuring the Effects of Non-Identical Data Distribution for Federated Visual Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06335.pdf)
>  Federated Learning enables visual models to be trained in a privacy-preserving way using real-world data from mobile devices. Given their distributed nature, the statistics of the data across these devices is likely to differ significantly. In this work, we look at the effect such non-identical data distributions has on visual classification via Federated Learning. We propose a way to synthesize datasets with a continuous range of identicalness and provide performance measures for the Federated Averaging algorithm. We show that performance degrades as distributions differ more, and propose a mitigation strategy via server momentum. Experiments on CIFAR-10 demonstrate improved classification performance over a range of non-identicalness, with classification accuracy improved from 30.1% to 76.9% in the most skewed settings. 
### 20.Automatic Hip Fracture Identification and Functional Subclassification with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06326.pdf)
>  Purpose: Hip fractures are a common cause of morbidity and mortality. Automatic identification and classification of hip fractures using deep learning may improve outcomes by reducing diagnostic errors and decreasing time to operation. Methods: Hip and pelvic radiographs from 1118 studies were reviewed and 3034 hips were labeled via bounding boxes and classified as normal, displaced femoral neck fracture, nondisplaced femoral neck fracture, intertrochanteric fracture, previous ORIF, or previous arthroplasty. A deep learning-based object detection model was trained to automate the placement of the bounding boxes. A Densely Connected Convolutional Neural Network (DenseNet) was trained on a subset of the bounding box images, and its performance evaluated on a held out test set and by comparison on a 100-image subset to two groups of human observers: fellowship-trained radiologists and orthopaedists, and senior residents in emergency medicine, radiology, and orthopaedics. Results: The binary accuracy for fracture of our model was 93.8% (95% CI, 91.3-95.8%), with sensitivity of 92.7% (95% CI, 88.7-95.6%), and specificity 95.0% (95% CI, 91.5-97.3%). Multiclass classification accuracy was 90.4% (95% CI, 87.4-92.9%). When compared to human observers, our model achieved at least expert-level classification under all conditions. Additionally, when the model was used as an aid, human performance improved, with aided resident performance approximating unaided fellowship-trained expert performance. Conclusions: Our deep learning model identified and classified hip fractures with at least expert-level accuracy, and when used as an aid improved human performance, with aided resident performance approximating that of unaided fellowship-trained attendings. 
### 21.Flow Models for Arbitrary Conditional Likelihoods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06319.pdf)
>  Understanding the dependencies among features of a dataset is at the core of most unsupervised learning tasks. However, a majority of generative modeling approaches are focused solely on the joint distribution $p(x)$ and utilize models where it is intractable to obtain the conditional distribution of some arbitrary subset of features $x_u$ given the rest of the observed covariates $x_o$: $p(x_u \mid x_o)$. Traditional conditional approaches provide a model for a fixed set of covariates conditioned on another fixed set of observed covariates. Instead, in this work we develop a model that is capable of yielding all conditional distributions $p(x_u \mid x_o)$ (for arbitrary $x_u$) via tractable conditional likelihoods. We propose a novel extension of (change of variables based) flow generative models, arbitrary conditioning flow models (AC-Flow), that can be conditioned on arbitrary subsets of observed covariates, which was previously infeasible. We apply AC-Flow to the imputation of features, and also develop a unified platform for both multiple and single imputation by introducing an auxiliary objective that provides a principled single "best guess" for flow models. Extensive empirical evaluations show that our models achieve state-of-the-art performance in both single and multiple imputation across image inpainting and feature imputation in synthetic and real-world datasets. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lupalab/ACFlow" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 22.White-Box Adversarial Defense via Self-Supervised Data Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06271.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of how to defend classifiers against adversarial attacks that fool the classifiers using subtly modified input data. In contrast to previous works, here we focus on the white-box adversarial defense where the attackers are granted full access to not only the classifiers but also defenders to produce as strong attacks as possible. In such a context we propose viewing a defender as a functional, a higher-order function that takes functions as its argument to represent a function space, rather than fixed functions conventionally. From this perspective, a defender should be realized and optimized individually for each adversarial input. To this end, we propose RIDE, an efficient and provably convergent self-supervised learning algorithm for individual data estimation to protect the predictions from adversarial attacks. We demonstrate the significant improvement of adversarial defense performance on image recognition, eg, 98%, 76%, 43% test accuracy on MNIST, CIFAR-10, and ImageNet datasets respectively under the state-of-the-art BPDA attacker. 
### 23.A superpixel-driven deep learning approach for the analysis of dermatological wounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06264.pdf)
>  Background. The image-based identification of distinct tissues within dermatological wounds enhances patients' care since it requires no intrusive evaluations. This manuscript presents an approach, we named QTDU, that combines deep learning models with superpixel-driven segmentation methods for assessing the quality of tissues from dermatological ulcers. <br>Method. QTDU consists of a three-stage pipeline for the obtaining of ulcer segmentation, tissues' labeling, and wounded area quantification. We set up our approach by using a real and annotated set of dermatological ulcers for training several deep learning models to the identification of ulcered superpixels. <br>Results. Empirical evaluations on 179,572 superpixels divided into four classes showed QTDU accurately spot wounded tissues (AUC = 0.986, sensitivity = 0.97, and specificity = 0.974) and outperformed machine-learning approaches in up to 8.2% regarding F1-Score through fine-tuning of a ResNet-based model. Last, but not least, experimental evaluations also showed QTDU correctly quantified wounded tissue areas within a 0.089 Mean Absolute Error ratio. <br>Conclusions. Results indicate QTDU effectiveness for both tissue segmentation and wounded area quantification tasks. When compared to existing machine-learning approaches, the combination of superpixels and deep learning models outperformed the competitors within strong significant levels. 
### 24.$Ï$-VAE: Autoregressive parametrization of the VAE encoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06236.pdf)
>  We make a minimal, but very effective alteration to the VAE model. This is about a drop-in replacement for the (sample-dependent) approximate posterior to change it from the standard white Gaussian with diagonal covariance to the first-order autoregressive Gaussian. We argue that this is a more reasonable choice to adopt for natural signals like images, as it does not force the existing correlation in the data to disappear in the posterior. Moreover, it allows more freedom for the approximate posterior to match the true posterior. This allows for the repararametrization trick, as well as the KL-divergence term to still have closed-form expressions, obviating the need for its sample-based estimation. Although providing more freedom to adapt to correlated distributions, our parametrization has even less number of parameters than the diagonal covariance, as it requires only two scalars, $\rho$ and $s$, to characterize correlation and scaling, respectively. As validated by the experiments, our proposition noticeably and consistently improves the quality of image generation in a plug-and-play manner, needing no further parameter tuning, and across all setups. The code to reproduce our experiments is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sssohrab/rho_VAE/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}. 
### 25.FakeSpotter: A Simple Baseline for Spotting AI-Synthesized Fake Faces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06122.pdf)
>  In recent years, we have witnessed the unprecedented success of generative adversarial networks (GANs) and its variants in image synthesis. These techniques are widely adopted in synthesizing fake faces which poses a serious challenge to existing face recognition (FR) systems and brings potential security threats to social networks and media as the fakes spread and fuel the misinformation. Unfortunately, robust detectors of these AI-synthesized fake faces are still in their infancy and are not ready to fully tackle this emerging challenge. Currently, image forensic-based and learning-based approaches are the two major categories of strategies in detecting fake faces. In this work, we propose an alternative category of approaches based on monitoring neuron behavior. The studies on neuron coverage and interactions have successfully shown that they can be served as testing criteria for deep learning systems, especially under the settings of being exposed to adversarial attacks. Here, we conjecture that monitoring neuron behavior can also serve as an asset in detecting fake faces since layer-by-layer neuron activation patterns may capture more subtle features that are important for the fake detector. Empirically, we have shown that the proposed FakeSpotter, based on neuron coverage behavior, in tandem with a simple linear classifier can greatly outperform deeply trained convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for spotting AI-synthesized fake faces. Extensive experiments carried out on three deep learning (DL) based FR systems, with two GAN variants for synthesizing fake faces, and on two public high-resolution face datasets have demonstrated the potential of the FakeSpotter serving as a simple, yet robust baseline for fake face detection in the wild. 
### 26.Human Following for Wheeled Robot with Monocular Pan-tilt Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06087.pdf)
>  Human following on mobile robots has witnessed significant advances due to its potentials for real-world applications. Currently most human following systems are equipped with depth sensors to obtain distance information between human and robot, which suffer from the perception requirements and noises. In this paper, we design a wheeled mobile robot system with monocular pan-tilt camera to follow human, which can stay the target in the field of view and keep following simultaneously. The system consists of fast human detector, real-time and accurate visual tracker, and unified controller for mobile robot and pan-tilt camera. In visual tracking algorithm, both Siamese networks and optical flow information are exploited to locate and regress human simultaneously. In order in perform following with a monocular camera, the constraint of human height is introduced to design the controller. In experiments, human following are conducted and analysed in simulations and a real robot platform, which demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of the overall system. 
### 27.3D U$^2$-Net: A 3D Universal U-Net for Multi-Domain Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06012.pdf)
>  Fully convolutional neural networks like U-Net have been the state-of-the-art methods in medical image segmentation. Practically, a network is highly specialized and trained separately for each segmentation task. Instead of a collection of multiple models, it is highly desirable to learn a universal data representation for different tasks, ideally a single model with the addition of a minimal number of parameters steered to each task. Inspired by the recent success of multi-domain learning in image classification, for the first time we explore a promising universal architecture that handles multiple medical segmentation tasks and is extendable for new tasks, regardless of different organs and imaging modalities. Our 3D Universal U-Net (3D U$^2$-Net) is built upon separable convolution, assuming that {\it images from different domains have domain-specific spatial correlations which can be probed with channel-wise convolution while also share cross-channel correlations which can be modeled with pointwise convolution}. We evaluate the 3D U$^2$-Net on five organ segmentation datasets. Experimental results show that this universal network is capable of competing with traditional models in terms of segmentation accuracy, while requiring only about $1\%$ of the parameters. Additionally, we observe that the architecture can be easily and effectively adapted to a new domain without sacrificing performance in the domains used to learn the shared parameterization of the universal network. We put the code of 3D U$^2$-Net into public domain. \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/huangmozhilv/u2net_torch/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} 
### 28.Multiple Partitions Aligned Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.06008.pdf)
>  Multi-view clustering is an important yet challenging task due to the difficulty of integrating the information from multiple representations. Most existing multi-view clustering methods explore the heterogeneous information in the space where the data points lie. Such common practice may cause significant information loss because of unavoidable noise or inconsistency among views. Since different views admit the same cluster structure, the natural space should be all partitions. Orthogonal to existing techniques, in this paper, we propose to leverage the multi-view information by fusing partitions. Specifically, we align each partition to form a consensus cluster indicator matrix through a distinct rotation matrix. Moreover, a weight is assigned for each view to account for the clustering capacity differences of views. Finally, the basic partitions, weights, and consensus clustering are jointly learned in a unified framework. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on several real datasets, where significant improvement is found over other state-of-the-art multi-view clustering methods. 
### 29.Center-Extraction-Based Three Dimensional Nuclei Instance Segmentation of Fluorescence Microscopy Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05992.pdf)
>  Fluorescence microscopy is an essential tool for the analysis of 3D subcellular structures in tissue. An important step in the characterization of tissue involves nuclei segmentation. In this paper, a two-stage method for segmentation of nuclei using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) is described. In particular, since creating labeled volumes manually for training purposes is not practical due to the size and complexity of the 3D data sets, the paper describes a method for generating synthetic microscopy volumes based on a spatially constrained cycle-consistent adversarial network. The proposed method is tested on multiple real microscopy data sets and outperforms other commonly used segmentation techniques. 
### 30.SegNAS3D: Network Architecture Search with Derivative-Free Global Optimization for 3D Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05962.pdf)
>  Deep learning has largely reduced the need for manual feature selection in image segmentation. Nevertheless, network architecture optimization and hyperparameter tuning are mostly manual and time consuming. Although there are increasing research efforts on network architecture search in computer vision, most works concentrate on image classification but not segmentation, and there are very limited efforts on medical image segmentation especially in 3D. To remedy this, here we propose a framework, SegNAS3D, for network architecture search of 3D image segmentation. In this framework, a network architecture comprises interconnected building blocks that consist of operations such as convolution and skip connection. By representing the block structure as a learnable directed acyclic graph, hyperparameters such as the number of feature channels and the option of using deep supervision can be learned together through derivative-free global optimization. Experiments on 43 3D brain magnetic resonance images with 19 structures achieved an average Dice coefficient of 82%. Each architecture search required less than three days on three GPUs and produced architectures that were much smaller than the state-of-the-art manually created architectures. 
### 31.Encoding High-Level Visual Attributes in Capsules for Explainable Medical Diagnoses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05926.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are often called black-boxes due to their difficult-to-interpret decisions. This is characteristic of a deeper trend in machine learning, where predictive performance typically comes at the cost of interpretability. In some domains, such as image-based diagnostic tasks, understanding the reasons behind machine generated predictions is vital in assessing trust. In this study, we introduce novel designs of capsule networks to provide explainable diagnoses. Our proposed deep explainable capsule architecture, called DX-Caps, can encode high-level visual attributes within the vectors of capsules in order to simultaneously produce malignancy predictions for lung cancer as well as approximations of six visually-interpretable attributes, used by radiologists to explain their predictions. To reduce parameter and memory burden of this deeper network, we introduce a new capsule-average pooling function. With this simple, but fundamental addition, capsule networks can be designed in a deeper fashion than was possible before. Our overall approach can be characterized as multi-task learning; we learn to approximate the six high-level visual attributes of a lung nodule within the vectors of our uniquely constructed deep capsule network, while simultaneously segmenting the nodule and predicting its malignancy potential (diagnosis). Tested on over 1000 CT scans, our experimental results show that our proposed algorithm can approximate the visual attributes of lung nodules far better than a deep multi-path dense 3D CNN. The proposed network also achieves higher diagnostic accuracy than a baseline explainable capsule network X-Caps and CapsNet when applied to this task for the first time as well. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to investigate capsule networks for visual attribute prediction in general, and explainable medical image diagnosis in particular. 
### 32.A method for Cloud Mapping in the Field of View of the Infra-Red Camera during the EUSO-SPB1 flight  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05917.pdf)
>  EUSO-SPB1 was released on April 24th, 2017, from the NASA balloon launch site in Wanaka (New Zealand) and landed on the South Pacific Ocean on May 7th. The data collected by the instruments onboard the balloon were analyzed to search UV pulse signatures of UHECR (Ultra High Energy Cosmic Rays) air showers. Indirect measurements of UHECRs can be affected by cloud presence during nighttime, therefore it is crucial to know the meteorological conditions during the observation period of the detector. During the flight, the onboard EUSO-SPB1 UCIRC camera (University of Chicago Infra-Red Camera), acquired images in the field of view of the UV telescope. The available nighttime and daytime images include information on meteorological conditions of the atmosphere observed in two infra-red bands. The presence of clouds has been investigated employing a method developed to provide a dense cloudiness map for each available infra-red image. The final masks are intended to give pixel cloudiness information at the IR-camera pixel resolution that is nearly 4-times higher than the one of the UV-camera. In this work, cloudiness maps are obtained by using an expert system based on the analysis of different low-level image features. Furthermore, an image enhancement step was needed to be applied as a preprocessing step to deal with uncalibrated data. 
### 33.Perceptual Image Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05904.pdf)
>  We present a novel method for image anomaly detection, where algorithms that use samples drawn from some distribution of "normal" data, aim to detect out-of-distribution (abnormal) samples. Our approach includes a combination of encoder and generator for mapping an image distribution to a predefined latent distribution and vice versa. It leverages Generative Adversarial Networks to learn these data distributions and uses perceptual loss for the detection of image abnormality. To accomplish this goal, we introduce a new similarity metric, which expresses the perceived similarity between images and is robust to changes in image contrast. Secondly, we introduce a novel approach for the selection of weights of a multi-objective loss function (image reconstruction and distribution mapping) in the absence of a validation dataset for hyperparameter tuning. After training, our model measures the abnormality of the input image as the perceptual dissimilarity between it and the closest generated image of the modeled data distribution. The proposed approach is extensively evaluated on several publicly available image benchmarks and achieves state-of-the-art performance. 
