# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 19 Sep 2019
### 1.Simultaneous Segmentation and Recognition: Towards more accurate Ego Gesture Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08606.pdf)
>  Ego hand gestures can be used as an interface in AR and VR environments. While the context of an image is important for tasks like scene understanding, object recognition, image caption generation and activity recognition, it plays a minimal role in ego hand gesture recognition. An ego hand gesture used for AR and VR environments conveys the same information regardless of the background. With this idea in mind, we present our work on ego hand gesture recognition that produces embeddings from RBG images with ego hands, which are simultaneously used for ego hand segmentation and ego gesture recognition. To this extent, we achieved better recognition accuracy (96.9%) compared to the state of the art (92.2%) on the biggest ego hand gesture dataset available publicly. We present a gesture recognition deep neural network which recognises ego hand gestures from videos (videos containing a single gesture) by generating and recognising embeddings of ego hands from image sequences of varying length. We introduce the concept of simultaneous segmentation and recognition applied to ego hand gestures, present the network architecture, the training procedure and the results compared to the state of the art on the EgoGesture dataset 
### 2.Graduated Non-Convexity for Robust Spatial Perception: From Non-Minimal Solvers to Global Outlier Rejection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08605.pdf)
>  Semidefinite Programming (SDP) and Sums-of-Squares (SOS) relaxations have led to certifiably optimal non-minimal solvers for several robotics and computer vision problems. However, most non-minimal solvers rely on least squares formulations, and, as a result, are brittle against outliers. While a standard approach to regain robustness against outliers is to use robust cost functions, the latter typically introduce other non-convexities, preventing the use of existing non-minimal solvers. In this paper, we enable the simultaneous use of non-minimal solvers and robust estimation by providing a general-purpose approach for robust global estimation, which can be applied to any problem where a non-minimal solver is available for the outlier-free case. To this end, we leverage the Black-Rangarajan duality between robust estimation and outlier processes (which has been traditionally applied to early vision problems), and show that graduated non-convexity (GNC) can be used in conjunction with non-minimal solvers to compute robust solutions, without requiring an initial guess. We demonstrate the resulting robust non-minimal solvers in applications, including point cloud and mesh registration, pose graph optimization, and image-based object pose estimation (also called shape alignment). Our solvers are robust to 70-80% of outliers, outperform RANSAC, are more accurate than specialized local solvers, and faster than specialized global solvers. We also extend the literature on non-minimal solvers by proposing a certifiably optimal SOS solver for shape alignment. 
### 3.Feature Pyramid Encoding Network for Real-time Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08599.pdf)
>  Although current deep learning methods have achieved impressive results for semantic segmentation, they incur high computational costs and have a huge number of parameters. For real-time applications, inference speed and memory usage are two important factors. To address the challenge, we propose a lightweight feature pyramid encoding network (FPENet) to make a good trade-off between accuracy and speed. Specifically, we use a feature pyramid encoding block to encode multi-scale contextual features with depthwise dilated convolutions in all stages of the encoder. A mutual embedding upsample module is introduced in the decoder to aggregate the high-level semantic features and low-level spatial details efficiently. The proposed network outperforms existing real-time methods with fewer parameters and improved inference speed on the Cityscapes and CamVid benchmark datasets. Specifically, FPENet achieves 68.0\% mean IoU on the Cityscapes test set with only 0.4M parameters and 102 FPS speed on an NVIDIA TITAN V GPU. 
### 4.Re-ID Driven Localization Refinement for Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08580.pdf)
>  Person search aims at localizing and identifying a query person from a gallery of uncropped scene images. Different from person re-identification (re-ID), its performance also depends on the localization accuracy of a pedestrian detector. The state-of-the-art methods train the detector individually, and the detected bounding boxes may be sub-optimal for the following re-ID task. To alleviate this issue, we propose a re-ID driven localization refinement framework for providing the refined detection boxes for person search. Specifically, we develop a differentiable ROI transform layer to effectively transform the bounding boxes from the original images. Thus, the box coordinates can be supervised by the re-ID training other than the original detection task. With this supervision, the detector can generate more reliable bounding boxes, and the downstream re-ID model can produce more discriminative embeddings based on the refined person localizations. Extensive experimental results on the widely used benchmarks demonstrate that our proposed method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art person search methods. 
### 5.Extremely Weak Supervised Image-to-Image Translation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08542.pdf)
>  Recent advances in generative models and adversarial training have led to a flourishing image-to-image (I2I) translation literature. The current I2I translation approaches require training images from the two domains that are either all paired (supervised) or all unpaired (unsupervised). In practice, obtaining paired training data in sufficient quantities is often very costly and cumbersome. Therefore solutions that employ unpaired data, while less accurate, are largely preferred. In this paper, we aim to bridge the gap between supervised and unsupervised I2I translation, with application to semantic image segmentation. We build upon pix2pix and CycleGAN, state-of-the-art seminal I2I translation techniques. We propose a method to select (very few) paired training samples and achieve significant improvements in both supervised and unsupervised I2I translation settings over random selection. Further, we boost the performance by incorporating both (selected) paired and unpaired samples in the training process. Our experiments show that an extremely weak supervised I2I translation solution using only one paired training sample can achieve a quantitative performance much better than the unsupervised CycleGAN model, and comparable to that of the supervised pix2pix model trained on thousands of pairs. 
### 6.Using Synthetic Data and Deep Networks to Recognize Primitive Shapes for Object Grasping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08508.pdf)
>  A segmentation-based architecture is proposed to decompose objects into multiple primitive shapes from monocular depth input for robotic manipulation. The backbone deep network is trained on synthetic data with 6 classes of primitive shapes generated by a simulation engine. Each primitive shape is designed with parametrized grasp families, permitting the pipeline to identify multiple grasp candidates per shape primitive region. The grasps are priority ordered via proposed ranking algorithm, with the first feasible one chosen for execution. On task-free grasping of individual objects, the method achieves a 94% success rate. On task-oriented grasping, it achieves a 76% success rate. Overall, the method supports the hypothesis that shape primitives can support task-free and task-relevant grasp prediction. 
### 7.Recognition of Handwritten Digit using Convolutional Neural Network in Python with Tensorflow and Comparison of Performance for Various Hidden Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08490.pdf)
>  In recent times, with the increase of Artificial Neural Network (ANN), deep learning has brought a dramatic twist in the field of machine learning by making it more artificially intelligent. Deep learning is remarkably used in vast ranges of fields because of its diverse range of applications such as surveillance, health, medicine, sports, robotics, drones, etc. In deep learning, Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is at the center of spectacular advances that mixes Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and up to date deep learning strategies. It has been used broadly in pattern recognition, sentence classification, speech recognition, face recognition, text categorization, document analysis, scene, and handwritten digit recognition. The goal of this paper is to observe the variation of accuracies of CNN to classify handwritten digits using various numbers of hidden layers and epochs and to make the comparison between the accuracies. For this performance evaluation of CNN, we performed our experiment using Modified National Institute of Standards and Technology (MNIST) dataset. Further, the network is trained using stochastic gradient descent and the backpropagation algorithm. 
### 8.Visual Tracking by means of Deep Reinforcement Learning and an Expert Demonstrator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08487.pdf)
>  In the last decade many different algorithms have been proposed to track a generic object in videos. Their execution on recent large-scale video datasets can produce a great amount of various tracking behaviours. New trends in Reinforcement Learning showed that demonstrations of an expert agent can be efficiently used to speed-up the process of policy learning. Taking inspiration from such works and from the recent applications of Reinforcement Learning to visual tracking, we propose two novel trackers, A3CT, which exploits demonstrations of a state-of-the-art tracker to learn an effective tracking policy, and A3CTD, that takes advantage of the same expert tracker to correct its behaviour during tracking. Through an extensive experimental validation on the GOT-10k, OTB-100, LaSOT, UAV123 and VOT benchmarks, we show that the proposed trackers achieve state-of-the-art performance while running in real-time. 
### 9.Unsupervised Writer Adaptation for Synthetic-to-Real Handwritten Word Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08473.pdf)
>  Handwritten Text Recognition (HTR) is still a challenging problem because it must deal with two important difficulties: the variability among writing styles, and the scarcity of labelled data. To alleviate such problems, synthetic data generation and data augmentation are typically used to train HTR systems. However, training with such data produces encouraging but still inaccurate transcriptions in real words. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised writer adaptation approach that is able to automatically adjust a generic handwritten word recognizer, fully trained with synthetic fonts, towards a new incoming writer. We have experimentally validated our proposal using five different datasets, covering several challenges (i) the document source: modern and historic samples, which may involve paper degradation problems; (ii) different handwriting styles: single and multiple writer collections; and (iii) language, which involves different character combinations. Across these challenging collections, we show that our system is able to maintain its performance, thus, it provides a practical and generic approach to deal with new document collections without requiring any expensive and tedious manual annotation step. 
### 10.Pose-aware Multi-level Feature Network for Human Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08453.pdf)
>  Reasoning human object interactions is a core problem in human-centric scene understanding and detecting such relations poses a unique challenge to vision systems due to large variations in human-object configurations, multiple co-occurring relation instances and subtle visual difference between relation categories. To address those challenges, we propose a multi-level relation detection strategy that utilizes human pose cues to capture global spatial configurations of relations and as an attention mechanism to dynamically zoom into relevant regions at human part level. Specifically, we develop a multi-branch deep network to learn a pose-augmented relation representation at three semantic levels, incorporating interaction context, object features and detailed semantic part cues. As a result, our approach is capable of generating robust predictions on fine-grained human object interactions with interpretable outputs. Extensive experimental evaluations on public benchmarks show that our model outperforms prior methods by a considerable margin, demonstrating its efficacy in handling complex scenes. 
### 11.Semantically Interpretable Activation Maps: what-where-how explanations within CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08442.pdf)
>  A main issue preventing the use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) in end user applications is the low level of transparency in the decision process. Previous work on CNN interpretability has mostly focused either on localizing the regions of the image that contribute to the result or on building an external model that generates plausible explanations. However, the former does not provide any semantic information and the latter does not guarantee the faithfulness of the explanation. We propose an intermediate representation composed of multiple Semantically Interpretable Activation Maps (SIAM) indicating the presence of predefined attributes at different locations of the image. These attribute maps are then linearly combined to produce the final output. This gives the user insight into what the model has seen, where, and a final output directly linked to this information in a comprehensive and interpretable way. We test the method on the task of landscape scenicness (aesthetic value) estimation, using an intermediate representation of 33 attributes from the SUN Attributes database. The results confirm that SIAM makes it possible to understand what attributes in the image are contributing to the final score and where they are located. Since it is based on learning from multiple tasks and datasets, SIAM improve the explanability of the prediction without additional annotation efforts or computational overhead at inference time, while keeping good performances on both the final and intermediate tasks. 
### 12.Continual learning: A comparative study on how to defy forgetting in classification tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08383.pdf)
>  Artificial neural networks thrive in solving the classification problem for a particular rigid task, where the network resembles a static entity of knowledge, acquired through generalized learning behaviour from a distinct training phase. However, endeavours to extend this knowledge without targeting the original task usually result in a catastrophic forgetting of this task. Continual learning shifts this paradigm towards a network that can continually accumulate knowledge over different tasks without the need for retraining from scratch, with methods in particular aiming to alleviate forgetting. We focus on task-incremental classification, where tasks arrive in a batch-like fashion, and are delineated by clear boundaries. Our main contributions concern 1) a taxonomy and extensive overview of the state-of-the-art, 2) a novel framework to continually determine stability-plasticity trade-off of the continual learner, 3) a comprehensive experimental comparison of 10 state-of-the-art continual learning methods and 4 baselines. We empirically scrutinize which method performs best, both on balanced Tiny Imagenet and a large-scale unbalanced iNaturalist datasets. We study the influence of model capacity, weight decay and dropout regularization, and the order in which the tasks are presented, and qualitatively compare methods in terms of required memory, computation time and storage. 
### 13.Probabilistic Atlases to Enforce Topological Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08330.pdf)
>  Probabilistic atlases (PAs) have long been used in standard segmentation approaches and, more recently, in conjunction with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). However, their use has been restricted to relatively standardized structures such as the brain or heart which have limited or predictable range of deformations. Here we propose an encoding-decoding CNN architecture that can exploit rough atlases that encode only the topology of the target structures that can appear in any pose and have arbitrarily complex shapes to improve the segmentation results. It relies on the output of the encoder to compute both the pose parameters used to deform the atlas and the segmentation mask itself, which makes it effective and end-to-end trainable. 
### 14.An Unpaired Sketch-to-Photo Translation Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08313.pdf)
>  Sketch-based image synthesis aims to generate a photo image given a sketch. It is a challenging task; because sketches are drawn by non-professionals and only consist of strokes, they usually exhibit shape deformation and lack visual cues, i.e., colors and textures. Thus translation from sketch to photo involves two aspects: shape and color (texture). Existing methods cannot handle this task well, as they mostly focus on solving one translation. In this work, we show that the key to this task lies in decomposing the translation into two sub-tasks, shape translation and colorization. Correspondingly, we propose a model consisting of two sub-networks, with each one tackling one sub-task. We also find that, when translating shapes, specific drawing styles affect the generated results significantly and may even lead to failure. To make our model more robust to drawing style variations, we design a data augmentation strategy and re-purpose an attention module, aiming to make our model pay less attention to distracted regions of a sketch. Besides, a conditional module is adapted for color translation to improve diversity and increase users' control over the generated results. Both quantitative and qualitative comparisons are presented to show the superiority of our approach. In addition, as a side benefit, our model can synthesize high-quality sketches from photos inversely. We also demonstrate how these generated photos and sketches can benefit other applications, such as sketch-based image retrieval. 
### 15.Transferable Feature Representation for Visible-to-Infrared Cross-Dataset Human Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08297.pdf)
>  Recently, infrared human action recognition has attracted increasing attention for it has many advantages over visible light, that is, being robust to illumination change and shadows. However, the infrared action data is limited until now, which degrades the performance of infrared action recognition. Motivated by the idea of transfer learning, an infrared human action recognition framework using auxiliary data from visible light is proposed to solve the problem of limited infrared action data. In the proposed framework, we first construct a novel Cross-Dataset Feature Alignment and Generalization (CDFAG) framework to map the infrared data and visible light data into a common feature space, where Kernel Manifold Alignment (KEMA) and a dual alignedto-generalized encoders (AGE) model are employed to represent the feature. Then, a support vector machine (SVM) is trained, using both the infrared data and visible light data, and can classify the features derived from infrared data. The proposed method is evaluated on InfAR, which is a publicly available infrared human action dataset. To build up auxiliary data, we set up a novel visible light action dataset XD145. Experimental results show that the proposed method can achieve state-of-the-art performance compared with several transfer learning and domain adaptation methods. 
### 16.SalsaNet: Fast Road and Vehicle Segmentation in LiDAR Point Clouds for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08291.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a deep encoder-decoder network, named SalsaNet, for efficient semantic segmentation of 3D LiDAR point clouds. SalsaNet segments the road, i.e. drivable free-space, and vehicles in the scene by employing the Bird-Eye-View (BEV) image projection of the point cloud. To overcome the lack of annotated point cloud data, in particular for the road segments, we introduce an auto-labeling process which transfers automatically generated labels from the camera to LiDAR. We also explore the role of imagelike projection of LiDAR data in semantic segmentation by comparing BEV with spherical-front-view projection and show that SalsaNet is projection-agnostic. We perform quantitative and qualitative evaluations on the KITTI dataset, which demonstrate that the proposed SalsaNet outperforms other state-of-the-art semantic segmentation networks in terms of accuracy and computation time. Our code and data are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gitlab.com/aksoyeren/salsanet.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 17.Global Temporal Representation based CNNs for Infrared Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08287.pdf)
>  Infrared human action recognition has many advantages, i.e., it is insensitive to illumination change, appearance variability, and shadows. Existing methods for infrared action recognition are either based on spatial or local temporal information, however, the global temporal information, which can better describe the movements of body parts across the whole video, is not considered. In this letter, we propose a novel global temporal representation named optical-flow stacked difference image (OFSDI) and extract robust and discriminative feature from the infrared action data by considering the local, global, and spatial temporal information together. Due to the small size of the infrared action dataset, we first apply convolutional neural networks on local, spatial, and global temporal stream respectively to obtain efficient convolutional feature maps from the raw data rather than train a classifier directly. Then these convolutional feature maps are aggregated into effective descriptors named three-stream trajectory-pooled deep-convolutional descriptors by trajectory-constrained pooling. Furthermore, we improve the robustness of these features by using the locality-constrained linear coding (LLC) method. With these features, a linear support vector machine (SVM) is adopted to classify the action data in our scheme. We conduct the experiments on infrared action recognition datasets InfAR and NTU RGB+D. The experimental results show that the proposed approach outperforms the representative state-of-the-art handcrafted features and deep learning features based methods for the infrared action recognition. 
### 18.Exploring Reciprocal Attention for Salient Object Detection by Cooperative Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08269.pdf)
>  Typically, objects with the same semantics are not always prominent in images containing different backgrounds. Motivated by this observation that accurately salient object detection is related to both foreground and background, we proposed a novel cooperative attention mechanism that jointly considers reciprocal relationships between background and foreground for efficient salient object detection. Concretely, we first aggregate the features at each side-out of traditional dilated FCN to extract the initial foreground and background local responses respectively. Then taking these responses as input, reciprocal attention module adaptively models the nonlocal dependencies between any two pixels of the foreground and background features, which is then aggregated with local features in a mutual reinforced way so as to enhance each branch to generate more discriminative foreground and background saliency map. Besides, cooperative losses are particularly designed to guide the multi-task learning of foreground and background branches, which encourages our network to obtain more complementary predictions with clear boundaries. At last, a simple but effective fusion strategy is utilized to produce the final saliency map. Comprehensive experimental results on five benchmark datasets demonstrate that our proposed method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art approaches in terms of all compared evaluation metrics. 
### 19.Towards Shape Biased Unsupervised Representation Learning for Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08245.pdf)
>  It is known that, without awareness of the process, our brain appears to focus on the general shape of objects rather than superficial statistics of context. On the other hand, learning autonomously allows discovering invariant regularities which help generalization. In this work, we propose a learning framework to improve the shape bias property of self-supervised methods. Our method learns semantic and shape biased representations by integrating domain diversification and jigsaw puzzles. The first module enables the model to create a dynamic environment across arbitrary domains and provides a domain exploration vs. exploitation trade-off, while the second module allows the model to explore this environment autonomously. This universal framework does not require prior knowledge of the domain of interest. Extensive experiments are conducted on several domain generalization datasets, namely, PACS, Office-Home, VLCS, and Digits. We show that our framework outperforms state-of-the-art domain generalization methods by a large margin. 
### 20.IR-NAS: Neural Architecture Search for Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08228.pdf)
>  Recently, neural architecture search (NAS) methods have attracted much attention and outperformed manually designed architectures on a few high-level vision tasks. In this paper, we propose IR-NAS, an effort towards employing NAS to automatically design effective neural network architectures for low-level image restoration tasks, and apply to two such tasks: image denoising and image de-raining. IR-NAS adopts an flexible hierarchical search space, including inner cell structures and outer layer widths. The proposed IR-NAS is both memory and computationally efficient, which takes only 6 hours for searching using a single GPU and saves memory by sharing cell weights across different feature levels. We evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed IR-NAS on three different datasets, including an additive white Gaussian noise dataset BSD500, a realistic noise dataset SIM1800 and a challenging de-raining dataset Rain800. Results show that the architectures found by IR-NAS have fewer parameters and enjoy a faster inference speed, while achieving highly competitive performance compared with state-of-the-art methods. We also present analysis on the architectures found by NAS. 
### 21.Diversified Arbitrary Style Transfer via Deep Feature Perturbation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08223.pdf)
>  Image style transfer is an underdetermined problem, where a large number of solutions can explain the same constraint (i.e., the content and style). Most current methods always produce visually identical outputs, which lack of diversity. Recently, some methods have introduced an alternative diversity loss to train the feed-forward networks for diverse outputs, but they still suffer from many issues. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective method for diversified style transfer. Our method can produce diverse outputs for arbitrary styles by incorporating the whitening and coloring transforms (WCT) with a novel deep feature perturbation (DFP) operation, which uses an orthogonal random noise matrix to perturb the deep image features while keeping the original style information unchanged. In addition, our method is learning-free and could be easily integrated into many existing WCT-based methods and empower them to generate diverse results. Experimental results demonstrate that our method can greatly increase the diversity while maintaining the quality of stylization. And several new user studies show that users could obtain more satisfactory results through the diversified approaches based on our method. 
### 22.CrackGAN: A Labor-Light Crack Detection Approach Using Industrial Pavement Images Based on Generative Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08216.pdf)
>  Fully convolutional network is a powerful tool for per-pixel semantic segmentation/detection. However, it is problematic when coping with crack detection using industrial pavement images: the network may easily "converge" to the status that treats all the pixels as background (BG) and still achieves a very good loss, named "All Black" phenomenon, due to the data imbalance and the unavailability of accurate ground truths (GTs). To tackle this problem, we introduce crack-patch-only (CPO) supervision and generative adversarial learning for end-to-end training, which forces the network to always produce crack-GT images while reserves both crack and BG-image translation abilities by feeding a larger-size crack image into an asymmetric U-shape generator to overcome the "All Black" issue. The proposed approach is validated using four crack datasets; and achieves state-of-the-art performance comparing with that of the recently published works in efficiency and accuracy. 
### 23.Sample-specific repetitive learning for photo aesthetic assessment and highlight region extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08213.pdf)
>  Aesthetic assessment is subjective, and the distribution of the aesthetic levels is imbalanced. In order to realize the auto-assessment of photo aesthetics, we focus on retraining the CNN-based aesthetic assessment model by dropping out the unavailable samples in the middle levels from the training data set repetitively to overcome the effect of imbalanced aesthetic data on classification. Further, the method of extracting aesthetics highlight region of the photo image by using the two repetitively trained models is presented. Therefore, the correlation of the extracted region with the aesthetic levels is analyzed to illustrate what aesthetics features influence the aesthetic quality of the photo. Moreover, the testing data set is from the different data source called 500px. Experimental results show that the proposed method is effective. 
### 24.Adaptive Graphical Model Network for 2D Handpose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08205.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new architecture called Adaptive Graphical Model Network (AGMN) to tackle the task of 2D hand pose estimation from a monocular RGB image. The AGMN consists of two branches of deep convolutional neural networks for calculating unary and pairwise potential functions, followed by a graphical model inference module for integrating unary and pairwise potentials. Unlike existing architectures proposed to combine DCNNs with graphical models, our AGMN is novel in that the parameters of its graphical model are conditioned on and fully adaptive to individual input images. Experiments show that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art method used in 2D hand keypoints estimation by a notable margin on two public datasets. 
### 25.Gate Decorator: Global Filter Pruning Method for Accelerating Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08174.pdf)
>  Filter pruning is one of the most effective ways to accelerate and compress convolutional neural networks (CNNs). In this work, we propose a global filter pruning algorithm called Gate Decorator, which transforms a vanilla CNN module by multiplying its output by the channel-wise scaling factors, i.e. gate. When the scaling factor is set to zero, it is equivalent to removing the corresponding filter. We use Taylor expansion to estimate the change in the loss function caused by setting the scaling factor to zero and use the estimation for the global filter importance ranking. Then we prune the network by removing those unimportant filters. After pruning, we merge all the scaling factors into its original module, so no special operations or structures are introduced. Moreover, we propose an iterative pruning framework called Tick-Tock to improve pruning accuracy. The extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our approaches. For example, we achieve the state-of-the-art pruning ratio on ResNet-56 by reducing 70% FLOPs without noticeable loss in accuracy. For ResNet-50 on ImageNet, our pruned model with 40% FLOPs reduction outperforms the baseline model by 0.31% in top-1 accuracy. Various datasets are used, including CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, CUB-200, ImageNet ILSVRC-12 and PASCAL VOC 2011. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/youzhonghui/gate-decorator-pruning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> 
### 26.Multiple Human Tracking using Multi-Cues including Primitive Action Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08171.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a Multiple Human Tracking method using multi-cues including Primitive Action Features (MHT-PAF). MHT-PAF can perform the accurate human tracking in dynamic aerial videos captured by a drone. PAF employs a global context, rich information by multi-label actions, and a middle level feature. The accurate human tracking result using PAF helps multi-frame-based action recognition. In the experiments, we verified the effectiveness of the proposed method using the Okutama-Action dataset. Our code is available online. 
### 27.Dynamic Graph Attention for Referring Expression Comprehension  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08164.pdf)
>  Referring expression comprehension aims to locate the object instance described by a natural language referring expression in an image. This task is compositional and inherently requires visual reasoning on top of the relationships among the objects in the image. Meanwhile, the visual reasoning process is guided by the linguistic structure of the referring expression. However, existing approaches treat the objects in isolation or only explore the first-order relationships between objects without being aligned with the potential complexity of the expression. Thus it is hard for them to adapt to the grounding of complex referring expressions. In this paper, we explore the problem of referring expression comprehension from the perspective of language-driven visual reasoning, and propose a dynamic graph attention network to perform multi-step reasoning by modeling both the relationships among the objects in the image and the linguistic structure of the expression. In particular, we construct a graph for the image with the nodes and edges corresponding to the objects and their relationships respectively, propose a differential analyzer to predict a language-guided visual reasoning process, and perform stepwise reasoning on top of the graph to update the compound object representation at every node. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method can not only significantly surpass all existing state-of-the-art algorithms across three common benchmark datasets, but also generate interpretable visual evidences for stepwisely locating the objects referred to in complex language descriptions. 
### 28.CAMAL: Context-Aware Multi-scale Attention framework for Lightweight Visual Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08153.pdf)
>  In the last few years, Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (D-CNNs) have shown state-of-the-art performances for Visual Place Recognition (VPR). Their prestigious generalization power has played a vital role in identifying persistent image regions under changing conditions and viewpoints. However, against the computation intensive D-CNNs based VPR algorithms, lightweight VPR techniques are preferred for resource-constraints mobile robots. This paper presents a lightweight CNN-based VPR technique that captures multi-layer context-aware attentions robust under changing environment and viewpoints. Evaluation of challenging benchmark datasets reveals better performance at low memory and resources utilization over state-of-the-art contemporary VPR methodologies. 
### 29.NEMO: Future Object Localization Using Noisy Ego Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08150.pdf)
>  Predictive models for forecasting future behavior of road agents should consider the multi-modal nature and be aware of the uncertainty of their predictions. Particularly from the egocentric view where the motion of other agents is captured with respect to the ego-motion, the uncertainty of ego-motion prediction is critical to determine their interactive reactions and behaviors. Along this line, we propose NEMO (Noisy Ego MOtion priors for future object localization) for future forecast of road agents in the egocentric view. A predictive distribution of future forecast is jointly modeled with the uncertainty of predictions. For this, we divide the problem into two tasks: future ego-motion prediction and future object localization. We first model the multi-modal distribution of future ego-motion with uncertainty estimates. The resulting distribution of ego-behavior is used to sample multiple modes of future ego-motion. Then, each modality is used as a prior to understand the interactions between the ego-vehicle and target agent. We predict the multi-modal future locations of the target from individual modes of the ego-vehicle, modeling the uncertainty of target's behavior. To this end, we extensively evaluate the proposed framework using the publicly available benchmark dataset (HEV-I) with an addition of Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) data to it. 
### 30.Identity-Aware Deep Face Hallucination via Adversarial Face Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08130.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of face hallucination by proposing a novel multi-scale generative adversarial network (GAN) architecture optimized for face verification. First, we propose a multi-scale generator architecture for face hallucination with a high up-scaling ratio factor, which has multiple intermediate outputs at different resolutions. The intermediate outputs have the growing goal of synthesizing small to large images. Second, we incorporate a face verifier with the original GAN discriminator and propose a novel discriminator which learns to discriminate different identities while distinguishing fake generated HR face images from their ground truth images. In particular, the learned generator cares for not only the visual quality of hallucinated face images but also preserving the discriminative features in the hallucination process. In addition, to capture perceptually relevant differences we employ a perceptual similarity loss, instead of similarity in pixel space. We perform a quantitative and qualitative evaluation of our framework on the LFW and CelebA datasets. The experimental results show the advantages of our proposed method against the state-of-the-art methods on the 8x downsampled testing dataset. 
### 31.Spherical View Synthesis for Self-Supervised 360 Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08112.pdf)
>  Learning based approaches for depth perception are limited by the availability of clean training data. This has led to the utilization of view synthesis as an indirect objective for learning depth estimation using efficient data acquisition procedures. Nonetheless, most research focuses on pinhole based monocular vision, with scarce works presenting results for omnidirectional input. In this work, we explore spherical view synthesis for learning monocular 360 depth in a self-supervised manner and demonstrate its feasibility. Under a purely geometrically derived formulation we present results for horizontal and vertical baselines, as well as for the trinocular case. Further, we show how to better exploit the expressiveness of traditional CNNs when applied to the equirectangular domain in an efficient manner. Finally, given the availability of ground truth depth data, our work is uniquely positioned to compare view synthesis against direct supervision in a consistent and fair manner. The results indicate that alternative research directions might be better suited to enable higher quality depth perception. Our data, models and code are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://vcl3d.github.io/SphericalViewSynthesis/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 32.Ensemble Knowledge Distillation for Learning Improved and Efficient Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08097.pdf)
>  Ensemble models comprising of deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have shown significant improvements in model generalization but at the cost of large computation and memory requirements. % In this paper, we present a framework for learning compact CNN models with improved classification performance and model generalization. For this, we propose a CNN architecture of a compact student model with parallel branches which are trained using ground truth labels and information from high capacity teacher networks in an ensemble learning fashion. Our framework provides two main benefits: i) Distilling knowledge from different teachers into the student network promotes heterogeneity in feature learning at different branches of the student network and enables the network to learn diverse solutions to the target problem. ii) Coupling the branches of the student network through ensembling encourages collaboration and improves the quality of the final predictions by reducing variance in the network outputs. % Experiments on the well established CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets show that our Ensemble Knowledge Distillation (EKD) improves classification accuracy and model generalization especially in situations with limited training data. Experiments also show that our EKD based compact networks outperform in terms of mean accuracy on the test datasets compared to state-of-the-art knowledge distillation based methods. 
### 33.Learn to Estimate Labels Uncertainty for Quality Assurance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08058.pdf)
>  Deep Learning sets the state-of-the-art in many challenging tasks showing outstanding performance in a broad range of applications. Despite its success, it still lacks robustness hindering its adoption in medical applications. Modeling uncertainty, through Bayesian Inference and Monte-Carlo dropout, has been successfully introduced for better understanding the underlying deep learning models. Yet, another important source of uncertainty, coming from the inter-observer variability, has not been thoroughly addressed in the literature. In this paper, we introduce labels uncertainty which better suits medical applications and show that modeling such uncertainty together with epistemic uncertainty is of high interest for quality control and referral systems. 
### 34.Masked-RPCA: Sparse and Low-rank Decomposition Under Overlaying Model and Application to Moving Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08049.pdf)
>  Foreground detection in a given video sequence is a pivotal step in many computer vision applications such as video surveillance system. Robust Principal Component Analysis (RPCA) performs low-rank and sparse decomposition and accomplishes such a task when the background is stationary and the foreground is dynamic and relatively small. A fundamental issue with RPCA is the assumption that the low-rank and sparse components are added at each element, whereas in reality, the moving foreground is overlaid on the background. We propose the representation via masked decomposition (i.e. an overlaying model) where each element either belongs to the low-rank or the sparse component, decided by a mask. We propose the Masked-RPCA algorithm to recover the mask and the low-rank components simultaneously, utilizing linearizing and alternating direction techniques. We further extend our formulation to be robust to dynamic changes in the background and enforce spatial connectivity in the foreground component. Our study shows significant improvement of the detected mask compared to post-processing on the sparse component obtained by other frameworks. 
### 35.Masking Salient Object Detection, a Mask Region-based Convolutional Neural Network Analysis for Segmentation of Salient Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08038.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a broad comparison between Fully Convolutional Networks (FCNs) and Mask Region-based Convolutional Neural Networks (Mask-RCNNs) applied in the Salient Object Detection (SOD) context. Studies in the SOD literature usually explore architectures based in FCNs to detect salient regions and objects in visual scenes. However, besides the promising results achieved, FCNs showed issues in some challenging scenarios. Fairly recently studies in the SOD literature proposed the use of a Mask-RCNN approach to overcome such issues. However, there is no extensive comparison between the two networks in the SOD literature endorsing the effectiveness of Mask-RCNNs over FCN when segmenting salient objects. Aiming to effectively show the superiority of Mask-RCNNs over FCNs in the SOD context, we compare two variations of Mask-RCNNs with two variations of FCNs in eight datasets widely used in the literature and in four metrics. Our findings show that in this context Mask-RCNNs achieved an improvement on the F-measure up to 47% over FCNs. 
### 36.Optimizing Through Learned Errors for Accurate Sports Field Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08034.pdf)
>  We propose an optimization-based framework to register sports field templates onto broadcast videos. For accurate registration we go beyond the prevalent feed-forward paradigm. Instead, we propose to train a deep network that regresses the registration error, and then register images by finding the registration parameters that minimize the regressed error. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method by applying it to real-world sports broadcast videos, outperforming the state of the art. We further apply our method on a synthetic toy example and demonstrate that our method brings significant gains even when the problem is simplified and unlimited training data is available. 
### 37.A Data-Center FPGA Acceleration Platform for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.07973.pdf)
>  Intensive computation is entering data centers with multiple workloads of deep learning. To balance the compute efficiency, performance, and total cost of ownership (TCO), the use of a field-programmable gate array (FPGA) with reconfigurable logic provides an acceptable acceleration capacity and is compatible with diverse computation-sensitive tasks in the cloud. In this paper, we develop an FPGA acceleration platform that leverages a unified framework architecture for general-purpose convolutional neural network (CNN) inference acceleration at a data center. To overcome the computation bound, 4,096 DSPs are assembled and shaped as supertile units (SUs) for different types of convolution, which provide up to 4.2 TOP/s 16-bit fixed-point performance at 500 MHz. The interleaved-task-dispatching method is proposed to map the computation across the SUs, and the memory bound is solved by a dispatching-assembling buffering model and broadcast caches. For various non-convolution operators, a filter processing unit is designed for general-purpose filter-like/pointwise operators. In the experiment, the performances of CNN models running on server-class CPUs, a GPU, and an FPGA are compared. The results show that our design achieves the best FPGA peak performance and a throughput at the same level as that of the state-of-the-art GPU in data centers, with more than 50 times lower latency. 
### 38.Visual Measurement Integrity Monitoring for UAV Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08537.pdf)
>  Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have increasingly been adopted for safety, security, and rescue missions, for which they need precise and reliable pose estimates relative to their environment. To ensure mission safety when relying on visual perception, it is essential to have an approach to assess the integrity of the visual localization solution. However, to the best of our knowledge, such an approach does not exist for optimization-based visual localization. Receiver autonomous integrity monitoring (RAIM) has been widely used in global navigation satellite systems (GNSS) applications such as automated aircraft landing. In this paper, we propose a novel approach inspired by RAIM to monitor the integrity of optimization-based visual localization and calculate the protection level of a state estimate, i.e. the largest possible translational error in each direction. We also propose a metric that quantitatively evaluates the performance of the error bounds. Finally, we validate the protection level using the EuRoC dataset and demonstrate that the proposed protection level provides a significantly more reliable bound than the commonly used $3\sigma$ method. 
### 39.k-Relevance Vectors for Pattern Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08528.pdf)
>  This study combines two different learning paradigms, k-nearest neighbor (k-NN) rule, as memory-based learning paradigm and relevance vector machines (RVM), as statistical learning paradigm. This combination is performed in kernel space and is called k-relevance vector (k-RV). The purpose is to improve the performance of k-NN rule. The proposed model significantly prunes irrelevant attributes. We also introduced a new parameter, responsible for early stopping of iterations in RVM. We show that the new parameter improves the classification accuracy of k-RV. Intensive experiments are conducted on several classification datasets from University of California Irvine (UCI) repository and two real datasets from computer vision domain. The performance of k-RV is highly competitive compared to a few state-of-the-arts in terms of classification accuracy. 
### 40.A Survey on Rain Removal from Video and Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08326.pdf)
>  Rain streaks might severely degenerate the performance of video/image processing tasks. The investigations on rain removal from video or a single image has thus been attracting much research attention in the field of computer vision and pattern recognition, and various methods have been proposed against this task in the recent years. However, there is still not a comprehensive survey paper to summarize current rain removal methods and fairly compare their generalization performance, and especially, still not a off-the-shelf toolkit to accumulate recent representative methods for easy performance comparison and capability evaluation. Aiming at this meaningful task, in this study we present a comprehensive review for current rain removal methods for video and a single image. Specifically, these methods are categorized into model-driven and data-driven approaches, and more elaborate branches of each approach are further introduced. Intrinsic capabilities, especially generalization, of representative state-of-the-art methods of each approach have been evaluated and analyzed by experiments implemented on synthetic and real data both visually and quantitatively. Furthermore, we release a comprehensive repository, including direct links to 74 rain removal papers, source codes of 9 methods for video rain removal and 20 ones for single image rain removal, 19 related project pages, 6 synthetic datasets and 4 real ones, and 4 commonly used image quality metrics, to facilitate reproduction and performance comparison of current existing methods for general users. Some limitations and research issues worthy to be further investigated have also been discussed for future research of this direction. 
### 41.Bayesian Strategies for Likelihood Ratio Computation in Forensic Voice Comparison with Automatic Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08315.pdf)
>  This paper explores several strategies for Forensic Voice Comparison (FVC), aimed at improving the performance of the LRs when using generative Gaussian score-to-LR models. First, different anchoring strategies are proposed, with the objective of adapting the LR computation process to the case at hand, always respecting the propositions defined for the particular case. Second, a fully-Bayesian Gaussian model is used to tackle the sparsity in the training scores that is often present when the proposed anchoring strategies are used. Experiments are performed using the 2014 i-Vector challenge set-up, which presents high variability in a telephone speech context. The results show that the proposed fully-Bayesian model clearly outperforms a more common Maximum-Likelihood approach, leading to high robustness when the scores to train the model become sparse. 
### 42.NatCSNN: A Convolutional Spiking Neural Network for recognition of objects extracted from natural images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08288.pdf)
>  Biological image processing is performed by complex neural networks composed of thousands of neurons interconnected via thousands of synapses, some of which are excitatory and others inhibitory. Spiking neural models are distinguished from classical neurons by being biological plausible and exhibiting the same dynamics as those observed in biological neurons. This paper proposes a Natural Convolutional Neural Network (NatCSNN) which is a 3-layer bio-inspired Convolutional Spiking Neural Network (CSNN), for classifying objects extracted from natural images. A two-stage training algorithm is proposed using unsupervised Spike Timing Dependent Plasticity (STDP) learning (phase 1) and ReSuMe supervised learning (phase 2). The NatCSNN was trained and tested on the CIFAR-10 dataset and achieved an average testing accuracy of 84.7% which is an improvement over the 2-layer neural networks previously applied to this dataset. 
### 43.PixelHop: A Successive Subspace Learning (SSL) Method for Object Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08190.pdf)
>  A new machine learning methodology, called successive subspace learning (SSL), is introduced in this work. SSL contains four key ingredients: 1) successive near-to-far neighborhood expansion; 2) unsupervised dimension reduction via subspace approximation; 3) supervised dimension reduction via label-assisted regression (LAG); and 4) feature concatenation and decision making. An image-based object classification method, called PixelHop, is proposed to illustrate the SSL design. It is shown by experimental results that the PixelHop method outperforms the classic CNN model of similar model complexity in three benchmarking datasets (MNIST, Fashion MNIST and CIFAR-10). Although SSL and deep learning (DL) have some high-level concept in common, they are fundamentally different in model formulation, the training process and training complexity. Extensive discussion on the comparison of SSL and DL is made to provide further insights into the potential of SSL. 
### 44.Split Deep Q-Learning for Robust Object Singulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08105.pdf)
>  Extracting a known target object from a pile of other objects in a cluttered environment is a challenging robotic manipulation task encountered in many applications of robotics. In such conditions, the target object touches or is covered by adjacent obstacle objects, thus rendering traditional grasping techniques ineffective. In this paper, we propose a pushing policy aiming at singulating the target object from its surrounding clutter, by means of lateral pushing movements of both the neighboring objects and the target object until sufficient 'grasping room' has been achieved. To achieve the above goal we employ reinforcement learning and particularly Deep Q-learning (DQN) to learn optimal push policies by trial and error. A novel Split DQN is proposed to improve the learning rate and increase the modularity of the algorithm. Experiments show that although learning is performed in a simulated environment the transfer of learned policies to a real environment is effective thanks to robust feature selection and learning. Finally, we demonstrate that the modularity of the algorithm allows the addition of extra primitives without retraining the model from scratch. 
### 45.Robustly representing uncertainty in deep neural networks through sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1611.01639.pdf)
>  As deep neural networks (DNNs) are applied to increasingly challenging problems, they will need to be able to represent their own uncertainty. Modeling uncertainty is one of the key features of Bayesian methods. Using Bernoulli dropout with sampling at prediction time has recently been proposed as an efficient and well performing variational inference method for DNNs. However, sampling from other multiplicative noise based variational distributions has not been investigated in depth. We evaluated Bayesian DNNs trained with Bernoulli or Gaussian multiplicative masking of either the units (dropout) or the weights (dropconnect). We tested the calibration of the probabilistic predictions of Bayesian convolutional neural networks (CNNs) on MNIST and CIFAR-10. Sampling at prediction time increased the calibration of the DNNs' probabalistic predictions. Sampling weights, whether Gaussian or Bernoulli, led to more robust representation of uncertainty compared to sampling of units. However, using either Gaussian or Bernoulli dropout led to increased test set classification accuracy. Based on these findings we used both Bernoulli dropout and Gaussian dropconnect concurrently, which we show approximates the use of a spike-and-slab variational distribution without increasing the number of learned parameters. We found that spike-and-slab sampling had higher test set performance than Gaussian dropconnect and more robustly represented its uncertainty compared to Bernoulli dropout. 
