# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 13 Sep 2019
### 1.DeepPruner: Learning Efficient Stereo Matching via Differentiable PatchMatch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05845.pdf)
>  Our goal is to significantly speed up the runtime of current state-of-the-art stereo algorithms to enable real-time inference. Towards this goal, we developed a differentiable PatchMatch module that allows us to discard most disparities without requiring full cost volume evaluation. We then exploit this representation to learn which range to prune for each pixel. By progressively reducing the search space and effectively propagating such information, we are able to efficiently compute the cost volume for high likelihood hypotheses and achieve savings in both memory and computation. Finally, an image guided refinement module is exploited to further improve the performance. Since all our components are differentiable, the full network can be trained end-to-end. Our experiments show that our method achieves competitive results on KITTI and SceneFlow datasets while running in real-time at 62ms. 
### 2.I-SAFE: Instant Suspicious Activity identiFication at the Edge using Fuzzy Decision Making  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05776.pdf)
>  Urban imagery usually serves as forensic analysis and by design is available for incident mitigation. As more imagery collected, it is harder to narrow down to certain frames among thousands of video clips to a specific incident. A real-time, proactive surveillance system is desirable, which could instantly detect dubious personnel, identify suspicious activities, or raise momentous alerts. The recent proliferation of the edge computing paradigm allows more data-intensive tasks to be accomplished by smart edge devices with lightweight but powerful algorithms. This paper presents a forensic surveillance strategy by introducing an Instant Suspicious Activity identiFication at the Edge (I-SAFE) using fuzzy decision making. A fuzzy control system is proposed to mimic the decision-making process of a security officer. Decisions are made based on video features extracted by a lightweight Deep Machine Learning (DML) model. Based on the requirements from the first-line law enforcement officers, several features are selected and fuzzified to cope with the state of uncertainty that exists in the officers' decision-making process. Using features in the edge hierarchy minimizes the communication delay such that instant alerting is achieved. Additionally, leveraging the Microservices architecture, the I-SAFE scheme possesses good scalability given the increasing complexities at the network edge. Implemented as an edge-based application and tested using exemplary and various labeled dataset surveillance videos, the I-SAFE scheme raises alerts by identifying the suspicious activity in an average of 0.002 seconds. Compared to four other state-of-the-art methods over two other data sets, the experimental study verified the superiority of the I-SAFE decentralized method. 
### 3.CvxNets: Learnable Convex Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05736.pdf)
>  Any solid object can be decomposed into a collection of convex polytopes (in short, convexes). When a small number of convexes are used, such a decomposition can be thought of as a piece-wise approximation of the geometry. This decomposition is fundamental to real-time physics simulation in computer graphics, where it creates a unifying representation of dynamic geometry for collision detection. A convex object also has the property of being simultaneously an explicit and implicit representation: one can interpret it explicitly as a mesh derived by computing the vertices of a convex hull, or implicitly as the collection of half-space constraints or support functions. Their implicit representation makes them particularly well suited for neural network training, as they abstract away from the topology of the geometry they need to represent. We introduce a network architecture to represent a low dimensional family of convexes. This family is automatically derived via an autoencoding process. We investigate the applications of the network including automatic convex decomposition, image to 3D reconstruction, and part-based shape retrieval. 
### 4.VeREFINE: Integrating Object Pose Verification with Iterative Physics-guided Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05730.pdf)
>  Precise object pose estimation for robotics applications and augmented reality relies on final refinement and verification steps. However, interactions between objects and interactions with the supporting structures in the observed scene are typically not considered. In this work, we propose to integrate scene-level hypotheses verification with object-level object pose refinement guided by physics simulation. This allows the physical plausibility of individual object pose estimates and the stability of the estimated scene to be consider in a unified search-based optimization. The proposed method is able to adapt to scenes of multiple objects and efficiently focuses on refining the most promising object poses in multi-hypotheses scenarios. We call this integrated approach VeREFINE and evaluate it on two datasets with varying scene complexity. The generality of the approach is shown by using two different pose estimators and two different baseline refiners. Results show improvements over all baselines and on all datasets with the inclusion of our proposed VeREFINE approach. 
### 5.Skeleton Image Representation for 3D Action Recognition based on Tree Structure and Reference Joints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05704.pdf)
>  In the last years, the computer vision research community has studied on how to model temporal dynamics in videos to employ 3D human action recognition. To that end, two main baseline approaches have been researched: (i) Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) with Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM); and (ii) skeleton image representations used as input to a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Although RNN approaches present excellent results, such methods lack the ability to efficiently learn the spatial relations between the skeleton joints. On the other hand, the representations used to feed CNN approaches present the advantage of having the natural ability of learning structural information from 2D arrays (i.e., they learn spatial relations from the skeleton joints). To further improve such representations, we introduce the Tree Structure Reference Joints Image (TSRJI), a novel skeleton image representation to be used as input to CNNs. The proposed representation has the advantage of combining the use of reference joints and a tree structure skeleton. While the former incorporates different spatial relationships between the joints, the latter preserves important spatial relations by traversing a skeleton tree with a depth-first order algorithm. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed representation for 3D action recognition on two datasets achieving state-of-the-art results on the recent NTU RGB+D~120 dataset. 
### 6.PDANet: Polarity-consistent Deep Attention Network for Fine-grained Visual Emotion Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05693.pdf)
>  Existing methods on visual emotion analysis mainly focus on coarse-grained emotion classification, i.e. assigning an image with a dominant discrete emotion category. However, these methods cannot well reflect the complexity and subtlety of emotions. In this paper, we study the fine-grained regression problem of visual emotions based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Specifically, we develop a Polarity-consistent Deep Attention Network (PDANet), a novel network architecture that integrates attention into a CNN with an emotion polarity constraint. First, we propose to incorporate both spatial and channel-wise attentions into a CNN for visual emotion regression, which jointly considers the local spatial connectivity patterns along each channel and the interdependency between different channels. Second, we design a novel regression loss, i.e. polarity-consistent regression (PCR) loss, based on the weakly supervised emotion polarity to guide the attention generation. By optimizing the PCR loss, PDANet can generate a polarity preserved attention map and thus improve the emotion regression performance. Extensive experiments are conducted on the IAPS, NAPS, and EMOTIC datasets, and the results demonstrate that the proposed PDANet outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches by a large margin for fine-grained visual emotion regression. Our source code is released at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZizhouJia/PDANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 7.An Iterative Approach for Multiple Instance Learning Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05690.pdf)
>  Multiple Instance learning (MIL) algorithms are tasked with learning how to associate sets of elements with specific set-level outputs. Towards this goal, the main challenge of MIL lies in modelling the underlying structure that characterizes sets of elements. Existing methods addressing MIL problems are usually tailored to address either: a specific underlying set structure; specific prediction tasks, e.g. classification, regression; or a combination of both. Here we present an approach where a set representation is learned, iteratively, by looking at the constituent elements of each set one at a time. The iterative analysis of set elements enables our approach with the capability to update the set representation so that it reflects whether relevant elements have been detected and whether the underlying structure has been matched. These features provide our method with some model explanation capabilities. Despite its simplicity, the proposed approach not only effectively models different types of underlying set structures, but it is also capable of handling both classification and regression tasks - all this while requiring minimal modifications. An extensive empirical evaluation shows that the proposed method is able to reach and surpass the state-of-the-art. 
### 8.Late fusion of deep learning and hand-crafted features for Achilles tendon healing monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05687.pdf)
>  Healing process assessment of the Achilles tendon is usually a complex procedure that relies on a combination of biomechanical and medical imaging tests. As a result, diagnostics remains a tedious and long-lasting task. Recently, a novel method for the automatic assessment of tendon healing based on Magnetic Resonance Imaging and deep learning was introduced. The method assesses six parameters related to the treatment progress utilizing a modified pre-trained network, PCA-reduced space, and linear regression. In this paper, we propose to improve this approach by incorporating hand-crafted features. We first perform a feature selection in order to obtain optimal sets of mixed hand-crafted and deep learning predictors. With the use of approx. 20,000 MRI slices, we then train a meta-regression algorithm that performs the tendon healing assessment. Finally, we evaluate the method against scores given by an experienced radiologist. In comparison with the previous baseline method, our approach significantly improves correlation in all of the six parameters assessed. Furthermore, our method uses only one MRI protocol and saves up to 60\% of the time needed for data acquisition. 
### 9.Raiders of the Lost Art  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05677.pdf)
>  Neural style transfer, first proposed by Gatys et al. (2015), can be used to create novel artistic work through rendering a content image in the form of a style image. We present a novel method of reconstructing lost artwork, by applying neural style transfer to x-radiographs of artwork with secondary interior artwork beneath a primary exterior, so as to reconstruct lost artwork. Finally we reflect on AI art exhibitions and discuss the social, cultural, ethical, and philosophical impact of these technical innovations. 
### 10.Accelerating Training using Tensor Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05675.pdf)
>  Tensor decomposition is one of the well-known approaches to reduce the latency time and number of parameters of a pre-trained model. However, in this paper, we propose an approach to use tensor decomposition to reduce training time of training a model from scratch. In our approach, we train the model from scratch (i.e., randomly initialized weights) with its original architecture for a small number of epochs, then the model is decomposed, and then continue training the decomposed model till the end. There is an optional step in our approach to convert the decomposed architecture back to the original architecture. We present results of using this approach on both CIFAR10 and Imagenet datasets, and show that there can be upto 2x speed up in training time with accuracy drop of upto 1.5% only, and in other cases no accuracy drop. This training acceleration approach is independent of hardware and is expected to have similar speed ups on both CPU and GPU platforms. 
### 11.Adaptive Wasserstein Hourglass for Weakly Supervised Hand Pose Estimation from Monocular RGB  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05666.pdf)
>  Insufficient labeled training datasets is one of the bottlenecks of 3D hand pose estimation from monocular RGB images. Synthetic datasets have a large number of images with precise annotations, but the obvious difference with real-world datasets impacts the generalization. Little work has been done to bridge the gap between two domains over their wide difference. In this paper, we propose a domain adaptation method called Adaptive Wasserstein Hourglass (AW Hourglass) for weakly-supervised 3D hand pose estimation, which aims to distinguish the difference and explore the common characteristics (e.g. hand structure) of synthetic and real-world datasets. Learning the common characteristics helps the network focus on pose-related information. The similarity of the characteristics makes it easier to enforce domain-invariant constraints. During training, based on the relation between these common characteristics and 3D pose learned from fully-annotated synthetic datasets, it is beneficial for the network to restore the 3D pose of weakly labeled real-world datasets with the aid of 2D annotations and depth images. While in testing, the network predicts the 3D pose with the input of RGB. 
### 12.Multimodal Attention Branch Network for Perspective-Free Sentence Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05664.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the automatic sentence generation of fetching instructions for domestic service robots. Typical fetching commands such as "bring me the yellow toy from the upper part of the white shelf" includes referring expressions, i.e., "from the white upper part of the white shelf". To solve this task, we propose a multimodal attention branch network (Multi-ABN) which generates natural sentences in an end-to-end manner. Multi-ABN uses multiple images of the same fixed scene to generate sentences that are not tied to a particular viewpoint. This approach combines a linguistic attention branch mechanism with several attention branch mechanisms. We evaluated our approach, which outperforms the state-of-the-art method on a standard metrics. Our method also allows us to visualize the alignment between the linguistic input and the visual features. 
### 13.Picture What you Read  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05663.pdf)
>  Visualization refers to our ability to create an image in our head based on the text we read or the words we hear. It is one of the many skills that makes reading comprehension possible. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) are an excellent tool for recognizing and classifying text documents. In addition, it can generate images conditioned on natural language. In this work, we utilize CNNs capabilities to generate realistic images representative of the text illustrating the semantic concept. We conducted various experiments to highlight the capacity of the proposed model to generate representative images of the text descriptions used as input to the proposed model. 
### 14.Assessment of Shift-Invariant CNN Gaze Mappings for PS-OG Eye Movement Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05655.pdf)
>  Photosensor oculography (PS-OG) eye movement sensors offer desirable performance characteristics for integration within wireless head mounted devices (HMDs), including low power consumption and high sampling rates. To address the known performance degradation of these sensors due to HMD shifts, various machine learning techniques have been proposed for mapping sensor outputs to gaze location. This paper advances the understanding of a recently introduced convolutional neural network designed to provide shift invariant gaze mapping within a specified range of sensor translations. Performance is assessed for shift training examples which better reflect the distribution of values that would be generated through manual repositioning of the HMD during a dedicated collection of training data. The network is shown to exhibit comparable accuracy for this realistic shift distribution versus a previously considered rectangular grid, thereby enhancing the feasibility of in-field set-up. In addition, this work further demonstrates the practical viability of the proposed initialization process by demonstrating robust mapping performance versus training data scale. The ability to maintain reasonable accuracy for shifts extending beyond those introduced during training is also demonstrated. 
### 15.What can computational models learn from human selective attention? A review from an audiovisual crossmodal perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05654.pdf)
>  Selective attention plays an essential role in information acquisition and utilization from the environment. In the past 50 years, research on selective attention has been a central topic in cognitive science. Compared with unimodal studies, crossmodal studies are more complex but necessary to solve real-world challenges in both human experiments and computational modeling. Although an increasing number of findings on crossmodal selective attention have shed light on humans' behavioral patterns and neural underpinnings, a much better understanding is still necessary to yield the same benefit for computational intelligent agents. This article reviews studies of selective attention in unimodal visual and auditory and crossmodal audiovisual setups from the multidisciplinary perspectives of psychology and cognitive neuroscience, and evaluates different ways to simulate analogous mechanisms in computational models and robotics. We discuss the gaps between these fields in this interdisciplinary review and provide insights about how to use psychological findings and theories in artificial intelligence from different perspectives. 
### 16.A Novel Design of Adaptive and Hierarchical Convolutional Neural Networks using Partial Reconfiguration on FPGA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05653.pdf)
>  Nowadays most research in visual recognition using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) follows the "deeper model with deeper confidence" belief to gain a higher recognition accuracy. At the same time, deeper model brings heavier computation. On the other hand, for a large chunk of recognition challenges, a system can classify images correctly using simple models or so-called shallow networks. Moreover, the implementation of CNNs faces with the size, weight, and energy constraints on the embedded devices. In this paper, we implement the adaptive switching between shallow and deep networks to reach the highest throughput on a resource-constrained MPSoC with CPU and FPGA. To this end, we develop and present a novel architecture for the CNNs where a gate makes the decision whether using the deeper model is beneficial or not. Due to resource limitation on FPGA, the idea of partial reconfiguration has been used to accommodate deep CNNs on the FPGA resources. We report experimental results on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and SVHN datasets to validate our approach. Using confidence metric as the decision making factor, only 69.8%, 71.8%, and 43.8% of the computation in the deepest network is done for CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and SVHN while it can maintain the desired accuracy with the throughput of around 400 images per second for SVHN dataset. 
### 17.PRSNet: Part Relation and Selection Network for Bone Age Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05651.pdf)
>  Bone age is one of the most important indicators for assessing bone's maturity, which can help to interpret human's growth development level and potential progress. In the clinical practice, bone age assessment (BAA) of X-ray images requires the joint consideration of the appearance and location information of hand bones. These kinds of information can be effectively captured by the relation of different anatomical parts of hand bone. Recently developed methods differ mostly in how they model the part relation and choose useful parts for BAA. However, these methods neglect the mining of relationship among different parts, which can help to improve the assessment accuracy. In this paper, we propose a novel part relation module, which accurately discovers the underlying concurrency of parts by using multi-scale context information of deep learning feature representation. Furthermore, based on the part relation, we explore a new part selection module, which comprehensively measures the importance of parts and select the top ranking parts for assisting BAA. We jointly train our part relation and selection modules in an end-to-end way, achieving state-of-the-art performance on the public RSNA 2017 Pediatric Bone Age benchmark dataset and outperforming other competitive methods by a significant margin. 
### 18.A Camera That CNNs: Towards Embedded Neural Networks on Pixel Processor Arrays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05647.pdf)
>  We present a convolutional neural network implementation for pixel processor array (PPA) sensors. PPA hardware consists of a fine-grained array of general-purpose processing elements, each capable of light capture, data storage, program execution, and communication with neighboring elements. This allows images to be stored and manipulated directly at the point of light capture, rather than having to transfer images to external processing hardware. Our CNN approach divides this array up into 4x4 blocks of processing elements, essentially trading-off image resolution for increased local memory capacity per 4x4 "pixel". We implement parallel operations for image addition, subtraction and bit-shifting images in this 4x4 block format. Using these components we formulate how to perform ternary weight convolutions upon these images, compactly store results of such convolutions, perform max-pooling, and transfer the resulting sub-sampled data to an attached micro-controller. We train ternary weight filter CNNs for digit recognition and a simple tracking task, and demonstrate inference of these networks upon the SCAMP5 PPA system. This work represents a first step towards embedding neural network processing capability directly onto the focal plane of a sensor. 
### 19.Illuminated Decision Trees with Lucid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05644.pdf)
>  The Lucid methods described by Olah et al. (2018) provide a way to inspect the inner workings of neural networks trained on image classification tasks using feature visualization. Such methods have generally been applied to networks trained on visually rich, large-scale image datasets like ImageNet, which enables them to produce enticing feature visualizations. To investigate these methods further, we applied them to classifiers trained to perform the much simpler (in terms of dataset size and visual richness), yet challenging task of distinguishing between different kinds of white blood cell from microscope images. Such a task makes generating useful feature visualizations difficult, as the discriminative features are inherently hard to identify and interpret. We address this by presenting the "Illuminated Decision Tree" approach, in which we use a neural network trained on the task as a feature extractor, then learn a decision tree based on these features, and provide Lucid visualizations for each node in the tree. We demonstrate our approach with several examples, showing how this approach could be useful both in model development and debugging, and when explaining model outputs to non-experts. 
### 20.Faster and Accurate Classification for JPEG2000 Compressed Images in Networked Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05638.pdf)
>  JPEG2000 (j2k) is a highly popular format for image and video compression.With the rapidly growing applications of cloud based image classification, most existing j2k-compatible schemes would stream compressed color images from the source before reconstruction at the processing center as inputs to deep CNNs. We propose to remove the computationally costly reconstruction step by training a deep CNN image classifier using the CDF 9/7 Discrete Wavelet Transformed (DWT) coefficients directly extracted from j2k-compressed images. We demonstrate additional computation savings by utilizing shallower CNN to achieve classification of good accuracy in the DWT domain. Furthermore, we show that traditional augmentation transforms such as flipping/shifting are ineffective in the DWT domain and present different augmentation transformations to achieve more accurate classification without any additional cost. This way, faster and more accurate classification is possible for j2k encoded images without image reconstruction. Through experiments on CIFAR-10 and Tiny ImageNet data sets, we show that the performance of the proposed solution is consistent for image transmission over limited channel bandwidth. 
### 21.DeepIST: Deep Image-based Spatio-Temporal Network for Travel Time Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05637.pdf)
>  Estimating the travel time for a given path is a fundamental problem in many urban transportation systems. However, prior works fail to well capture moving behaviors embedded in paths and thus do not estimate the travel time accurately. To fill in this gap, in this work, we propose a novel neural network framework, namely {\em Deep Image-based Spatio-Temporal network (DeepIST)}, for travel time estimation of a given path. The novelty of DeepIST lies in the following aspects: 1) we propose to plot a path as a sequence of "generalized images" which include sub-paths along with additional information, such as traffic conditions, road network and traffic signals, in order to harness the power of convolutional neural network model (CNN) on image processing; 2) we design a novel two-dimensional CNN, namely {\em PathCNN}, to extract spatial patterns for lines in images by regularization and adopting multiple pooling methods; and 3) we apply a one-dimensional CNN to capture temporal patterns among the spatial patterns along the paths for the estimation. Empirical results show that DeepIST soundly outperforms the state-of-the-art travel time estimation models by 24.37\% to 25.64\% of mean absolute error (MAE) in multiple large-scale real-world datasets. 
### 22.Reusing Convolutional Activations from Frame to Frame to Speed up Training and Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05632.pdf)
>  When processing similar frames in succession, we can take advantage of the locality of the convolution operation to reevaluate only portions of the image that changed from the previous frame. By saving the output of a layer of convolutions and calculating the change from frame to frame, we can reuse previous activations and save computational resources that would otherwise be wasted recalculating convolutions whose outputs we have already observed. This technique can be applied to many domains, such as processing videos from stationary video cameras, studying the effects of occluding or distorting sections of images, applying convolution to multiple frames of audio or time series data, or playing Atari games. Furthermore, this technique can be applied to speed up both training and inference. 
### 23.Sparse Deep Neural Network Graph Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05631.pdf)
>  The MIT/IEEE/Amazon <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://GraphChallenge.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> encourages community approaches to developing new solutions for analyzing graphs and sparse data. Sparse AI analytics present unique scalability difficulties. The proposed Sparse Deep Neural Network (DNN) Challenge draws upon prior challenges from machine learning, high performance computing, and visual analytics to create a challenge that is reflective of emerging sparse AI systems. The Sparse DNN Challenge is based on a mathematically well-defined DNN inference computation and can be implemented in any programming environment. Sparse DNN inference is amenable to both vertex-centric implementations and array-based implementations (e.g., using the <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://GraphBLAS.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> standard). The computations are simple enough that performance predictions can be made based on simple computing hardware models. The input data sets are derived from the MNIST handwritten letters. The surrounding I/O and verification provide the context for each sparse DNN inference that allows rigorous definition of both the input and the output. Furthermore, since the proposed sparse DNN challenge is scalable in both problem size and hardware, it can be used to measure and quantitatively compare a wide range of present day and future systems. Reference implementations have been implemented and their serial and parallel performance have been measured. Specifications, data, and software are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://GraphChallenge.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> 
### 24.An Objectness Score for Accurate and Fast Detection during Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05626.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method utilizing an objectness score for maintaining the locations and classes of objects detected from Mask R-CNN during mobile robot navigation. The objectness score is defined to measure how well the detector identifies the locations and classes of objects during navigation. Specifically, it is designed to increase when there is sufficient distance between a detected object and the camera. During the navigation process, we transform the locations of objects in 3D world coordinates into 2D image coordinates through an affine projection and decide whether to retain the classes of detected objects using the objectness score. We conducted experiments to determine how well the locations and classes of detected objects are maintained at various angles and positions. Experimental results showed that our approach is efficient and robust, regardless of changing angles and distances. 
### 25.Detecting Parking Spaces in a Parcel using Satellite Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05624.pdf)
>  Remote Sensing Images from satellites have been used in various domains for detecting and understanding structures on the ground surface. In this work, satellite images were used for localizing parking spaces and vehicles in parking lots for a given parcel using an RCNN based Neural Network Architectures. Parcel shapefiles and raster images from USGS image archive were used for developing images for both training and testing. Feature Pyramid based Mask RCNN yields average class accuracy of 97.56% for both parking spaces and vehicles 
### 26.Inception-inspired LSTM for Next-frame Video Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05622.pdf)
>  The problem of video frame prediction has received much interest due to its relevance to many computer vision applications such as autonomous vehicles or robotics. Supervised methods for video frame prediction rely on labeled data, which may not always be available. In this paper, we provide a novel unsupervised deep-learning method called Inception-based LSTM for video frame prediction. The general idea of inception networks is to implement wider networks instead of deeper networks. This network design was shown to improve the performance of image classification. The proposed method is evaluated on both Inception-v1 and Inception-v2 structures. The proposed Inception LSTM methods are compared with convolutional LSTM when applied using PredNet predictive coding framework for both the KITTI and KTH data sets. We observed that the Inception based LSTM outperforms the convolutional LSTM. Also, Inception LSTM has better prediction performance compared to Inception v2 LSTM. However, Inception v2 LSTM has a lower computational cost compared to Inception LSTM. 
### 27.Automated Detecting and Placing Road Objects from Street-level Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05621.pdf)
>  Navigation services utilized by autonomous vehicles or ordinary users require the availability of detailed information about road-related objects and their geolocations, especially at road intersections. However, these road intersections are mainly represented as point elements without detailed information, or are even not available in current versions of crowdsourced mapping databases including OpenStreetMap(OSM). This study develops an approach to automatically detect road objects and place them to right location from street-level images. Our processing pipeline relies on two convolutional neural networks: the first segments the images, while the second detects and classifies the specific objects. Moreover, to locate the detected objects, we establish an attributed topological binary tree(ATBT) based on urban grammar for each image to depict the coherent relations of topologies, attributes and semantics of the road objects. Then the ATBT is further matched with map features on OSM to determine the right placed location. The proposed method has been applied to a case study in Berlin, Germany. We validate the effectiveness of our method on two object classes: traffic signs and traffic lights. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach provides near-precise localization results in terms of completeness and positional accuracy. Among many potential applications, the output may be combined with other sources of data to guide autonomous vehicles 
### 28.DeepBbox: Accelerating Precise Ground Truth Generation for Autonomous Driving Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05620.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving requires various computer vision algorithms, such as object detection and tracking.Precisely-labeled datasets (i.e., objects are fully contained in bounding boxes with only a few extra pixels) are preferred for training such algorithms, so that the algorithms can detect exact locations of the objects. However, it is very time-consuming and hence expensive to generate precise labels for image sequences at scale. In this paper, we propose DeepBbox, an algorithm that corrects loose object labels into right bounding boxes to reduce human annotation efforts. We use Cityscapes dataset to show annotation efficiency and accuracy improvement using DeepBbox. Experimental results show that, with DeepBbox,we can increase the number of object edges that are labeled automatically (within 1\% error) by 50% to reduce manual annotation time. 
### 29.Human-Machine Collaborative Design for Accelerated Design of Compact Deep Neural Networks for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05587.pdf)
>  An effective deep learning development process is critical for widespread industrial adoption, particularly in the automotive sector. A typical industrial deep learning development cycle involves customizing and re-designing an off-the-shelf network architecture to meet the operational requirements of the target application, leading to considerable trial and error work by a machine learning practitioner. This approach greatly impedes development with a long turnaround time and the unsatisfactory quality of the created models. As a result, a development platform that can aid engineers in greatly accelerating the design and production of compact, optimized deep neural networks is highly desirable. In this joint industrial case study, we study the efficacy of the GenSynth AI-assisted AI design platform for accelerating the design of custom, optimized deep neural networks for autonomous driving through human-machine collaborative design. We perform a quantitative examination by evaluating 10 different compact deep neural networks produced by GenSynth for the purpose of object detection via a NASNet-based user network prototype design, targeted at a low-cost GPU-based accelerated embedded system. Furthermore, we quantitatively assess the talent hours and GPU processing hours used by the GenSynth process and three other approaches based on the typical industrial development process. In addition, we quantify the annual cloud cost savings for comprehensive testing using networks produced by GenSynth. Finally, we assess the usability and merits of the GenSynth process through user feedback. The findings of this case study showed that GenSynth is easy to use and can be effective at accelerating the design and production of compact, customized deep neural network. 
### 30.On the Effect of Observed Subject Biases in Apparent Personality Analysis from Audio-visual Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05568.pdf)
>  Personality perception is implicitly biased due to many subjective factors, such as cultural, social, contextual, gender and appearance. Approaches developed for automatic personality perception are not expected to predict the real personality of the target, but the personality external observers attributed to it. Hence, they have to deal with human bias, inherently transferred to the training data. However, bias analysis in personality computing is an almost unexplored area. In this work, we study different possible sources of bias affecting personality perception, including emotions from facial expressions, attractiveness, age, gender, and ethnicity, as well as their influence on prediction ability for apparent personality estimation. To this end, we propose a multi-modal deep neural network that combines raw audio and visual information alongside predictions of attribute-specific models to regress apparent personality. We also analyse spatio-temporal aggregation schemes and the effect of different time intervals on first impressions. We base our study on the ChaLearn First Impressions dataset, consisting of one-person conversational videos. Our model shows state-of-the-art results regressing apparent personality based on the Big-Five model. Furthermore, given the interpretability nature of our network design, we provide an incremental analysis on the impact of each possible source of bias on final network predictions. 
### 31.CAMP: Cross-Modal Adaptive Message Passing for Text-Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05506.pdf)
>  Text-image cross-modal retrieval is a challenging task in the field of language and vision. Most previous approaches independently embed images and sentences into a joint embedding space and compare their similarities. However, previous approaches rarely explore the interactions between images and sentences before calculating similarities in the joint space. Intuitively, when matching between images and sentences, human beings would alternatively attend to regions in images and words in sentences, and select the most salient information considering the interaction between both modalities. In this paper, we propose Cross-modal Adaptive Message Passing (CAMP), which adaptively controls the information flow for message passing across modalities. Our approach not only takes comprehensive and fine-grained cross-modal interactions into account, but also properly handles negative pairs and irrelevant information with an adaptive gating scheme. Moreover, instead of conventional joint embedding approaches for text-image matching, we infer the matching score based on the fused features, and propose a hardest negative binary cross-entropy loss for training. Results on COCO and Flickr30k significantly surpass state-of-the-art methods, demonstrating the effectiveness of our approach. 
### 32.3D Ken Burns Effect from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05483.pdf)
>  The Ken Burns effect allows animating still images with a virtual camera scan and zoom. Adding parallax, which results in the 3D Ken Burns effect, enables significantly more compelling results. Creating such effects manually is time-consuming and demands sophisticated editing skills. Existing automatic methods, however, require multiple input images from varying viewpoints. In this paper, we introduce a framework that synthesizes the 3D Ken Burns effect from a single image, supporting both a fully automatic mode and an interactive mode with the user controlling the camera. Our framework first leverages a depth prediction pipeline, which estimates scene depth that is suitable for view synthesis tasks. To address the limitations of existing depth estimation methods such as geometric distortions, semantic distortions, and inaccurate depth boundaries, we develop a semantic-aware neural network for depth prediction, couple its estimate with a segmentation-based depth adjustment process, and employ a refinement neural network that facilitates accurate depth predictions at object boundaries. According to this depth estimate, our framework then maps the input image to a point cloud and synthesizes the resulting video frames by rendering the point cloud from the corresponding camera positions. To address disocclusions while maintaining geometrically and temporally coherent synthesis results, we utilize context-aware color- and depth-inpainting to fill in the missing information in the extreme views of the camera path, thus extending the scene geometry of the point cloud. Experiments with a wide variety of image content show that our method enables realistic synthesis results. Our study demonstrates that our system allows users to achieve better results while requiring little effort compared to existing solutions for the 3D Ken Burns effect creation. 
### 33.Flow-Motion and Depth Network for Monocular Stereo and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05452.pdf)
>  We propose a learning-based method that solves monocular stereo and can be extended to fuse depth information from multiple target frames. Given two unconstrained images from a monocular camera with known intrinsic calibration, our network estimates relative camera poses and the depth map of the source image. The core contribution of the proposed method is threefold. First, a network is tailored for static scenes that jointly estimates the optical flow and camera motion. By the joint estimation, the optical flow search space is gradually reduced resulting in an efficient and accurate flow estimation. Second, a novel triangulation layer is proposed to encode the estimated optical flow and camera motion while avoiding common numerical issues caused by epipolar. Third, beyond two-view depth estimation, we further extend the above networks to fuse depth information from multiple target images and estimate the depth map of the source image. To further benefit the research community, we introduce tools to generate photorealistic structure-from-motion datasets such that deep networks can be well trained and evaluated. The proposed method is compared with previous methods and achieves state-of-the-art results within less time. Images from real-world applications and Google Earth are used to demonstrate the generalization ability of the method. 
### 34.Deep User Identification Model with Multiple Biometrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05417.pdf)
>  Identification using biometrics is an important yet challenging task. Abundant research has been conducted on identifying personal identity or gender using given signals. Various types of biometrics such as electrocardiogram (ECG), electroencephalogram (EEG), face, fingerprint, and voice have been used for these tasks. Most research has only focused on single modality or a single task, while the combination of input modality or tasks is yet to be investigated. In this paper, we propose deep identification and gender classification using multimodal biometrics. Our model uses ECG, fingerprint, and facial data. It then performs two tasks: gender identification and classification. By engaging multi-modality, a single model can handle various input domains without training each modality independently, and the correlation between domains can increase its generalization performance on the tasks. 
### 35.Automated Blood Cell Detection and Counting via Deep Learning for Microfluidic Point-of-Care Medical Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05393.pdf)
>  Automated in-vitro cell detection and counting have been a key theme for artificial and intelligent biological analysis such as biopsy, drug analysis and decease diagnosis. Along with the rapid development of microfluidics and lab-on-chip technologies, in-vitro live cell analysis has been one of the critical tasks for both research and industry communities. However, it is a great challenge to obtain and then predict the precise information of live cells from numerous microscopic videos and images. In this paper, we investigated in-vitro detection of white blood cells using deep neural networks, and discussed how state-of-the-art machine learning techniques could fulfil the needs of medical diagnosis. The approach we used in this study was based on Faster Region-based Convolutional Neural Networks (Faster RCNNs), and a transfer learning process was applied to apply this technique to the microscopic detection of blood cells. Our experimental results demonstrated that fast and efficient analysis of blood cells via automated microscopic imaging can achieve much better accuracy and faster speed than the conventionally applied methods, implying a promising future of this technology to be applied to the microfluidic point-of-care medical devices. 
### 36.Specifying Object Attributes and Relations in Interactive Scene Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05379.pdf)
>  We introduce a method for the generation of images from an input scene graph. The method separates between a layout embedding and an appearance embedding. The dual embedding leads to generated images that better match the scene graph, have higher visual quality, and support more complex scene graphs. In addition, the embedding scheme supports multiple and diverse output images per scene graph, which can be further controlled by the user. We demonstrate two modes of per-object control: (i) importing elements from other images, and (ii) navigation in the object space, by selecting an appearance archetype. Our code is publicly available at https://www. <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/ashual/scene_generation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 37.Hierarchical Foresight: Self-Supervised Learning of Long-Horizon Tasks via Visual Subgoal Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05829.pdf)
>  Video prediction models combined with planning algorithms have shown promise in enabling robots to learn to perform many vision-based tasks through only self-supervision, reaching novel goals in cluttered scenes with unseen objects. However, due to the compounding uncertainty in long horizon video prediction and poor scalability of sampling-based planning optimizers, one significant limitation of these approaches is the ability to plan over long horizons to reach distant goals. To that end, we propose a framework for subgoal generation and planning, hierarchical visual foresight (HVF), which generates subgoal images conditioned on a goal image, and uses them for planning. The subgoal images are directly optimized to decompose the task into easy to plan segments, and as a result, we observe that the method naturally identifies semantically meaningful states as subgoals. Across three out of four simulated vision-based manipulation tasks, we find that our method achieves nearly a 200% performance improvement over planning without subgoals and model-free RL approaches. Further, our experiments illustrate that our approach extends to real, cluttered visual scenes. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/stanford.edu/hvf" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 38.PILOT: Physics-Informed Learned Optimal Trajectories for Accelerated MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05773.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) has long been considered to be among "the gold standards" of diagnostic medical imaging. The long acquisition times, however, render MRI prone to motion artifacts, let alone their adverse contribution to the relative high costs of MRI examination. Over the last few decades, multiple studies have focused on the development of both physical and post-processing methods for accelerated acquisition of MRI scans. These two approaches, however, have so far been addressed separately. On the other hand, recent works in optical computational imaging have demonstrated growing success of concurrent learning-based design of data acquisition and image reconstruction schemes. In this work, we propose a novel approach to the learning of optimal schemes for conjoint acquisition and reconstruction of MRI scans, with the optimization carried out simultaneously with respect to the time-efficiency of data acquisition and the quality of resulting reconstructions. To be of a practical value, the schemes are encoded in the form of general k-space trajectories, whose associated magnetic gradients are constrained to obey a set of predefined hardware requirements (as defined in terms of, e.g., peak currents and maximum slew rates of magnetic gradients). With this proviso in mind, we propose a novel algorithm for the end-to-end training of a combined acquisition-reconstruction pipeline using a deep neural network with differentiable forward- and back-propagation operators. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed solution in application to both image reconstruction and image segmentation, reporting substantial improvements in terms of acceleration factors as well as the quality of these end tasks. 
### 39.Rethinking the CSC Model for Natural Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05742.pdf)
>  Sparse representation with respect to an overcomplete dictionary is often used when regularizing inverse problems in signal and image processing. In recent years, the Convolutional Sparse Coding (CSC) model, in which the dictionary consists of shift-invariant filters, has gained renewed interest. While this model has been successfully used in some image processing problems, it still falls behind traditional patch-based methods on simple tasks such as denoising. <br>In this work we provide new insights regarding the CSC model and its capability to represent natural images, and suggest a Bayesian connection between this model and its patch-based ancestor. Armed with these observations, we suggest a novel feed-forward network that follows an MMSE approximation process to the CSC model, using strided convolutions. The performance of this supervised architecture is shown to be on par with state of the art methods while using much fewer parameters. 
### 40.Tomographic reconstruction to detect evolving structures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05686.pdf)
>  The need for tomographic reconstruction from sparse measurements arises when the measurement process is potentially harmful, needs to be rapid, or is uneconomical. In such cases, information from previous longitudinal scans of the same object helps to reconstruct the current object while requiring significantly fewer updating measurements. Our work is based on longitudinal data acquisition scenarios where we wish to study new changes that evolve within an object over time, such as in repeated scanning for disease monitoring, or in tomography-guided surgical procedures. While this is easily feasible when measurements are acquired from a large number of projection views, it is challenging when the number of views is limited. If the goal is to track the changes while simultaneously reducing sub-sampling artefacts, we propose (1) acquiring measurements from a small number of views and using a global unweighted prior-based reconstruction. If the goal is to observe details of new changes, we propose (2) acquiring measurements from a moderate number of views and using a more involved reconstruction routine. We show that in the latter case, a weighted technique is necessary in order to prevent the prior from adversely affecting the reconstruction of new structures that are absent in any of the earlier scans. The reconstruction of new regions is safeguarded from the bias of the prior by computing regional weights that moderate the local influence of the priors. We are thus able to effectively reconstruct both the old and the new structures in the test. In addition to testing on simulated data, we have validated the efficacy of our method on real tomographic data. The results demonstrate the use of both unweighted and weighted priors in different scenarios. 
### 41.On-demand teleradiology using smartphone photographs as proxies for DICOM images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05669.pdf)
>  The use of photographs of the screen of displayed medical images is explored to circumvent the challenges involved in transferring images between sites. The photographs can be conveniently taken with a smartphone and analyzed remotely by either human or AI experts. An autoencoder preprocessor is shown to improve the performance for human experts. The AI performance provided by photographs is shown to be statistically equivalent to using the original DICOM images. The autoencoder preprocessor increases the PSNR by 15 dB or greater and provides an AUC that is statistically equivalent to using the original DICOM images. The photo approach is an alternative to IHE-based teleradiology applications while avoiding the problems inherit in navigating the proprietary and security barriers that limit DICOM communication between PACS in practice. 
### 42.Explainable Deep Learning for Video Recognition Tasks: A Framework &amp; Recommendations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05667.pdf)
>  The popularity of Deep Learning for real-world applications is ever-growing. With the introduction of high performance hardware, applications are no longer limited to image recognition. With the introduction of more complex problems comes more and more complex solutions, and the increasing need for explainable AI. Deep Neural Networks for Video tasks are amongst the most complex models, with at least twice the parameters of their Image counterparts. However, explanations for these models are often ill-adapted to the video domain. The current work in explainability for video models is still overshadowed by Image techniques, while Video Deep Learning itself is quickly gaining on methods for still images. This paper seeks to highlight the need for explainability methods designed with video deep learning models, and by association spatio-temporal input in mind, by first illustrating the cutting edge for video deep learning, and then noting the scarcity of research into explanations for these methods. 
### 43.Estimating Fingertip Forces, Torques, and Local Curvatures from Fingernail Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05659.pdf)
>  The study of dexterous manipulation has provided important insights in humans sensorimotor control as well as inspiration for manipulation strategies in robotic hands. Previous work focused on experimental environment with restrictions. Here we describe a method using the deformation and color distribution of the fingernail and its surrounding skin, to estimate the fingertip forces, torques and contact surface curvatures for various objects, including the shape and material of the contact surfaces and the weight of the objects. The proposed method circumvents limitations associated with sensorized objects, gloves or fixed contact surface type. In addition, compared with previous single finger estimation in an experimental environment, we extend the approach to multiple finger force estimation, which can be used for applications such as human grasping analysis. Four algorithms are used, c.q., Gaussian process (GP), Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), Neural Networks with Fast Dropout (NN-FD) and Recurrent Neural Networks with Fast Dropout (RNN-FD), to model a mapping from images to the corresponding labels. The results further show that the proposed method has high accuracy to predict force, torque and contact surface. 
### 44.Reinforcing Medical Image Classifier to Improve Generalization on Small Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05630.pdf)
>  With the advents of deep learning, improved image classification with complex discriminative models has been made possible. However, such deep models with increased complexity require a huge set of labeled samples to generalize the training. Such classification models can easily overfit when applied for medical images because of limited training data, which is a common problem in the field of medical image analysis. This paper proposes and investigates a reinforced classifier for improving the generalization under a few available training data. Partially following the idea of reinforcement learning, the proposed classifier uses a generalization-feedback from a subset of the training data to update its parameter instead of only using the conventional cross-entropy loss about the training data. We evaluate the improvement of the proposed classifier by applying it on three different classification problems against the standard deep classifiers equipped with existing overfitting-prevention techniques. Besides an overall improvement in classification performance, the proposed classifier showed remarkable characteristics of generalized learning, which can have great potential in medical classification tasks. 
### 45.An Automatic Cardiac Segmentation Framework based on Multi-sequence MR Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05488.pdf)
>  LGE CMR is an efficient technology for detecting infarcted myocardium. An efficient and objective ventricle segmentation method in LGE can benefit the location of the infarcted myocardium. In this paper, we proposed an automatic framework for LGE image segmentation. There are just 5 labeled LGE volumes with about 15 slices of each volume. We adopted histogram match, an invariant of rotation registration method, on the other labeled modalities to achieve effective augmentation of the training data. A CNN segmentation model was trained based on the augmented training data by leave-one-out strategy. The predicted result of the model followed a connected component analysis for each class to remain the largest connected component as the final segmentation result. Our model was evaluated by the 2019 Multi-sequence Cardiac MR Segmentation Challenge. The mean testing result of 40 testing volumes on Dice score, Jaccard score, Surface distance, and Hausdorff distance is 0.8087, 0.6976, 2.8727mm, and 15.6387mm, respectively. The experiment result shows a satisfying performance of the proposed framework. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Suiiyu/MS-CMR2019" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 46.Generating Accurate Pseudo-labels via Hermite Polynomials for SSL Confidently  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05479.pdf)
>  Rectified Linear Units (ReLUs) are among the most widely used activation function in a broad variety of tasks in vision. Recent theoretical results suggest that despite their excellent practical performance, in various cases, a substitution with basis expansions (e.g., polynomials) can yield significant benefits from both the optimization and generalization perspective. Unfortunately, the existing results remain limited to networks with a couple of layers, and the practical viability of these results is not yet known. Motivated by some of these results, we explore the use of Hermite polynomial expansions as a substitute for ReLUs in deep networks. While our experiments with supervised learning do not provide a clear verdict, we find that this strategy offers considerable benefits in semi-supervised learning (SSL) / transductive learning settings. We carefully develop this idea and show how the use of Hermite polynomials based activations can yield improvements in pseudo-label accuracies and sizable financial savings (due to concurrent runtime benefits). Further, we show via theoretical analysis, that the networks (with Hermite activations) offer robustness to noise and other attractive mathematical properties. 
### 47.SuPer: A Surgical Perception Framework for Endoscopic Tissue Manipulation with Surgical Robotics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05405.pdf)
>  Traditional control and task automation have been successfully demonstrated in a variety of structured, controlled environments through the use of highly specialized modeled robotic systems in conjunction with multiple sensors. However, application of autonomy in endoscopic surgery is very challenging, particularly in soft tissue work, due to the lack of high-quality images and the unpredictable, constantly deforming environment. In this work, we propose a novel surgical perception framework, SuPer, for surgical robotic control. This framework continuously collects 3D geometric information that allows for mapping of a deformable surgical field while tracking rigid instruments within the field. To achieve this, a model-based tracker is employed to localize the surgical tool with a kinematic prior in conjunction with a model-free tracker to reconstruct the deformable environment and provide an estimated point cloud as a mapping of the environment. The proposed framework was implemented on the da Vinci Surgical System in real-time with an end-effector controller where the target configurations are set and regulated through the framework. Our proposed framework successfully completed autonomous soft tissue manipulation tasks with high accuracy. The demonstration of this novel framework is promising for the future of surgical autonomy. In addition, we provide our dataset for further surgical research. 
### 48.A deep learning system for differential diagnosis of skin diseases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05382.pdf)
>  Skin conditions affect an estimated 1.9 billion people worldwide. A shortage of dermatologists causes long wait times and leads patients to seek dermatologic care from general practitioners. However, the diagnostic accuracy of general practitioners has been reported to be only 0.24-0.70 (compared to 0.77-0.96 for dermatologists), resulting in referral errors, delays in care, and errors in diagnosis and treatment. In this paper, we developed a deep learning system (DLS) to provide a differential diagnosis of skin conditions for clinical cases (skin photographs and associated medical histories). The DLS distinguishes between 26 skin conditions that represent roughly 80% of the volume of skin conditions seen in primary care. The DLS was developed and validated using de-identified cases from a teledermatology practice serving 17 clinical sites via a temporal split: the first 14,021 cases for development and the last 3,756 cases for validation. On the validation set, where a panel of three board-certified dermatologists defined the reference standard for every case, the DLS achieved 0.71 and 0.93 top-1 and top-3 accuracies respectively. For a random subset of the validation set (n=963 cases), 18 clinicians reviewed the cases for comparison. On this subset, the DLS achieved a 0.67 top-1 accuracy, non-inferior to board-certified dermatologists (0.63, p&lt;0.001), and higher than primary care physicians (PCPs, 0.45) and nurse practitioners (NPs, 0.41). The top-3 accuracy showed a similar trend: 0.90 DLS, 0.75 dermatologists, 0.60 PCPs, and 0.55 NPs. These results highlight the potential of the DLS to augment general practitioners to accurately diagnose skin conditions by suggesting differential diagnoses that may not have been considered. Future work will be needed to prospectively assess the clinical impact of using this tool in actual clinical workflows. 
### 49.Distanced LSTM: Time-Distanced Gates in Long Short-Term Memory Models for Lung Cancer Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05321.pdf)
>  The field of lung nodule detection and cancer prediction has been rapidly developing with the support of large public data archives. Previous studies have largely focused on cross-sectional (single) CT data. Herein, we consider longitudinal data. The Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) model addresses learning with regularly spaced time points (i.e., equal temporal intervals). However, clinical imaging follows patient needs with often heterogeneous, irregular acquisitions. To model both regular and irregular longitudinal samples, we generalize the LSTM model with the Distanced LSTM (DLSTM) for temporally varied acquisitions. The DLSTM includes a Temporal Emphasis Model (TEM) that enables learning across regularly and irregularly sampled intervals. Briefly, (1) the time intervals between longitudinal scans are modeled explicitly, (2) temporally adjustable forget and input gates are introduced for irregular temporal sampling; and (3) the latest longitudinal scan has an additional emphasis term. We evaluate the DLSTM framework in three datasets including simulated data, 1794 National Lung Screening Trial (NLST) scans, and 1420 clinically acquired data with heterogeneous and irregular temporal accession. The experiments on the first two datasets demonstrate that our method achieves competitive performance on both simulated and regularly sampled datasets (e.g. improve LSTM from 0.6785 to 0.7085 on F1 score in NLST). In external validation of clinically and irregularly acquired data, the benchmarks achieved 0.8350 (CNN feature) and 0.8380 (LSTM) on the area under the ROC curve (AUC) score, while the proposed DLSTM achieves 0.8905. 
### 50.Edge-Informed Single Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05305.pdf)
>  The recent increase in the extensive use of digital imaging technologies has brought with it a simultaneous demand for higher-resolution images. We develop a novel edge-informed approach to single image super-resolution (SISR). The SISR problem is reformulated as an image inpainting task. We use a two-stage inpainting model as a baseline for super-resolution and show its effectiveness for different scale factors (x2, x4, x8) compared to basic interpolation schemes. This model is trained using a joint optimization of image contents (texture and color) and structures (edges). Quantitative and qualitative comparisons are included and the proposed model is compared with current state-of-the-art techniques. We show that our method of decoupling structure and texture reconstruction improves the quality of the final reconstructed high-resolution image. Code and models available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/knazeri/edge-informed-sisr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 51.NODE: Extreme Low Light Raw Image Denoising using a Noise Decomposition Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.05249.pdf)
>  Denoising extreme low light images is a challenging task due to the high noise level. When the illumination is low, digital cameras increase the ISO (electronic gain) to amplify the brightness of captured data. However, this in turn amplifies the noise, arising from read, shot, and defective pixel sources. In the raw domain, read and shot noise are effectively modelled using Gaussian and Poisson distributions respectively, whereas defective pixels can be modeled with impulsive noise. In extreme low light imaging, noise removal becomes a critical challenge to produce a high quality, detailed image with low noise. In this paper, we propose a multi-task deep neural network called Noise Decomposition (NODE) that explicitly and separately estimates defective pixel noise, in conjunction with Gaussian and Poisson noise, to denoise an extreme low light image. Our network is purposely designed to work with raw data, for which the noise is more easily modeled before going through non-linear transformations in the image signal processing (ISP) pipeline. Quantitative and qualitative evaluation show the proposed method to be more effective at denoising real raw images than state-of-the-art techniques. 
