# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 3 Aug 2020
### 1.Object Detection and Tracking Algorithms for Vehicle Counting: A Comparative Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16198.pdf)
>  The rapid advancement in the field of deep learning and high performance computing has highly augmented the scope of video based vehicle counting system. In this paper, the authors deploy several state of the art object detection and tracking algorithms to detect and track different classes of vehicles in their regions of interest (ROI). The goal of correctly detecting and tracking vehicles' in their ROI is to obtain an accurate vehicle count. Multiple combinations of object detection models coupled with different tracking systems are applied to access the best vehicle counting framework. The models' addresses challenges associated to different weather conditions, occlusion and low-light settings and efficiently extracts vehicle information and trajectories through its computationally rich training and feedback cycles. The automatic vehicle counts resulting from all the model combinations are validated and compared against the manually counted ground truths of over 9 hours' traffic video data obtained from the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development. Experimental results demonstrate that the combination of CenterNet and Deep SORT, Detectron2 and Deep SORT, and YOLOv4 and Deep SORT produced the best overall counting percentage for all vehicles.      
### 2.Palm Vein Identification based on hybrid features selection model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16195.pdf)
>  Palm vein identification (PVI) is a modern biometric security technique used for increasing security and authentication systems. The key characteristics of palm vein patterns include, its uniqueness to each individual, unforgettable, non-intrusive and cannot be taken by an unauthorized person. However, the extracted features from the palm vein pattern are huge with high redundancy. In this paper, we propose a combine model of two-Dimensional Discrete Wavelet Transform, Principal Component Analysis (PCA), and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) (2D-DWTPP) to enhance prediction of vein palm patterns. The 2D-DWT Extracts features from palm vein images, PCA reduces the redundancy in palm vein features. The system has been trained in selecting high reverent features based on the wrapper model. The PSO feeds wrapper model by an optimal subset of features. The proposed system uses four classifiers as an objective function to determine VPI which include Support Vector Machine (SVM), K Nearest Neighbor (KNN), Decision Tree (DT) and Naïve Bayes (NB). The empirical result shows the proposed system Iit satisfied best results with SVM. The proposed 2D-DWTPP model has been evaluated and the results shown remarkable efficiency in comparison with Alexnet and classifier without feature selection. Experimentally, our model has better accuracy reflected by (98.65) while Alexnet has (63.5) and applied classifier without feature selection has (78.79).      
### 3.Self-supervised learning through the eyes of a child  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16189.pdf)
>  Within months of birth, children have meaningful expectations about the world around them. How much of this early knowledge can be explained through generic learning mechanisms applied to sensory data, and how much of it requires more substantive innate inductive biases? Addressing this fundamental question in its full generality is currently infeasible, but we can hope to make real progress in more narrowly defined domains, such as the development of high-level visual categories, thanks to improvements in data collecting technology and recent progress in deep learning. In this paper, our goal is to achieve such progress by utilizing modern self-supervised deep learning methods and a recent longitudinal, egocentric video dataset recorded from the perspective of several young children (Sullivan et al., 2020). Our results demonstrate the emergence of powerful, high-level visual representations from developmentally realistic natural videos using generic self-supervised learning objectives.      
### 4.Exploring Image Enhancement for Salient Object Detection in Low Light Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16124.pdf)
>  Low light images captured in a non-uniform illumination environment usually are degraded with the scene depth and the corresponding environment lights. This degradation results in severe object information loss in the degraded image modality, which makes the salient object detection more challenging due to low contrast property and artificial light influence. However, existing salient object detection models are developed based on the assumption that the images are captured under a sufficient brightness environment, which is impractical in real-world scenarios. In this work, we propose an image enhancement approach to facilitate the salient object detection in low light images. The proposed model directly embeds the physical lighting model into the deep neural network to describe the degradation of low light images, in which the environment light is treated as a point-wise variate and changes with local content. Moreover, a Non-Local-Block Layer is utilized to capture the difference of local content of an object against its local neighborhood favoring regions. To quantitative evaluation, we construct a low light Images dataset with pixel-level human-labeled ground-truth annotations and report promising results on four public datasets and our benchmark dataset.      
### 5.Physical Adversarial Attack on Vehicle Detector in the Carla Simulator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16118.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle the issue of physical adversarial examples for object detectors in the wild. Specifically, we proposed to generate adversarial patterns to be applied on vehicle surface so that it's not recognizable by detectors in the photo-realistic Carla simulator. Our approach contains two main techniques, an \textit{Enlarge-and-Repeat} process and a \textit{Discrete Searching} method, to craft mosaic-like adversarial vehicle textures without access to neither the model weight of the detector nor a differential rendering procedure. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in the simulator.      
### 6.Neural Architecture Search as Sparse Supernet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16112.pdf)
>  This paper aims at enlarging the problem of Neural Architecture Search from Single-Path and Multi-Path Search to automated Mixed-Path Search. In particular, we model the new problem as a sparse supernet with a new continuous architecture representation using a mixture of sparsity constraints, i.e., Sparse Group Lasso. The sparse supernet is expected to automatically achieve sparsely-mixed paths upon a compact set of nodes. To optimize the proposed sparse supernet, we exploit a hierarchical accelerated proximal gradient algorithm within a bi-level optimization framework. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, Tiny ImageNet and ImageNet demonstrate that the proposed methodology is capable of searching for compact, general and powerful neural architectures.      
### 7.Curriculum learning for annotation-efficient medical image analysis: scheduling data with prior knowledge and uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16102.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for multi-class classification require training on large, representative, and high quality annotated datasets. However, in the field of medical imaging, data and annotations are both difficult and expensive to acquire. Moreover, they frequently suffer from highly imbalanced distributions, and potentially noisy labels due to intra- or inter-expert disagreement. To deal with such challenges, we propose a unified curriculum learning framework to schedule the order and pace of the training samples presented to the optimizer. Our novel framework reunites three strategies consisting of individually weighting training samples, reordering the training set, or sampling subsets of data. The core of these strategies is a scoring function ranking the training samples according to either difficulty or uncertainty. We define the scoring function from domain-specific prior knowledge or by directly measuring the uncertainty in the predictions. We perform a variety of experiments with a clinical dataset for the multi-class classification of proximal femur fractures and the publicly available MNIST dataset. Our results show that the sequence and weight of the training samples play an important role in the optimization process of CNNs. Proximal femur fracture classification is improved up to the performance of experienced trauma surgeons. We further demonstrate the benefits of our unified curriculum learning method for three controlled and challenging digit recognition scenarios: with limited amounts of data, under class-imbalance, and in the presence of label noise.      
### 8.Searching Efficient 3D Architectures with Sparse Point-Voxel Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16100.pdf)
>  Self-driving cars need to understand 3D scenes efficiently and accurately in order to drive safely. Given the limited hardware resources, existing 3D perception models are not able to recognize small instances (e.g., pedestrians, cyclists) very well due to the low-resolution voxelization and aggressive downsampling. To this end, we propose Sparse Point-Voxel Convolution (SPVConv), a lightweight 3D module that equips the vanilla Sparse Convolution with the high-resolution point-based branch. With negligible overhead, this point-based branch is able to preserve the fine details even from large outdoor scenes. To explore the spectrum of efficient 3D models, we first define a flexible architecture design space based on SPVConv, and we then present 3D Neural Architecture Search (3D-NAS) to search the optimal network architecture over this diverse design space efficiently and effectively. Experimental results validate that the resulting SPVNAS model is fast and accurate: it outperforms the state-of-the-art MinkowskiNet by 3.3%, ranking 1st on the competitive SemanticKITTI leaderboard. It also achieves 8x computation reduction and 3x measured speedup over MinkowskiNet with higher accuracy. Finally, we transfer our method to 3D object detection, and it achieves consistent improvements over the one-stage detection baseline on KITTI.      
### 9.Traffic Control Gesture Recognition for Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16072.pdf)
>  A car driver knows how to react on the gestures of the traffic officers. Clearly, this is not the case for the autonomous vehicle, unless it has road traffic control gesture recognition functionalities. In this work, we address the limitation of the existing autonomous driving datasets to provide learning data for traffic control gesture recognition. We introduce a dataset that is based on 3D body skeleton input to perform traffic control gesture classification on every time step. Our dataset consists of 250 sequences from several actors, ranging from 16 to 90 seconds per sequence. To evaluate our dataset, we propose eight sequential processing models based on deep neural networks such as recurrent networks, attention mechanism, temporal convolutional networks and graph convolutional networks. We present an extensive evaluation and analysis of all approaches for our dataset, as well as real-world quantitative evaluation. The code and dataset is publicly available.      
### 10.Pixel-wise Crowd Understanding via Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16032.pdf)
>  Crowd analysis via computer vision techniques is an important topic in the field of video surveillance, which has wide-spread applications including crowd monitoring, public safety, space design and so on. Pixel-wise crowd understanding is the most fundamental task in crowd analysis because of its finer results for video sequences or still images than other analysis tasks. Unfortunately, pixel-level understanding needs a large amount of labeled training data. Annotating them is an expensive work, which causes that current crowd datasets are small. As a result, most algorithms suffer from over-fitting to varying degrees. In this paper, take crowd counting and segmentation as examples from the pixel-wise crowd understanding, we attempt to remedy these problems from two aspects, namely data and methodology. Firstly, we develop a free data collector and labeler to generate synthetic and labeled crowd scenes in a computer game, Grand Theft Auto V. Then we use it to construct a large-scale, diverse synthetic crowd dataset, which is named as "GCC Dataset". Secondly, we propose two simple methods to improve the performance of crowd understanding via exploiting the synthetic data. To be specific, 1) supervised crowd understanding: pre-train a crowd analysis model on the synthetic data, then fine-tune it using the real data and labels, which makes the model perform better on the real world; 2) crowd understanding via domain adaptation: translate the synthetic data to photo-realistic images, then train the model on translated data and labels. As a result, the trained model works well in real crowd scenes.      
### 11.DynaMiTe: A Dynamic Local Motion Model with Temporal Constraints for Robust Real-Time Feature Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16005.pdf)
>  Feature based visual odometry and SLAM methods require accurate and fast correspondence matching between consecutive image frames for precise camera pose estimation in real-time. Current feature matching pipelines either rely solely on the descriptive capabilities of the feature extractor or need computationally complex optimization schemes. We present the lightweight pipeline DynaMiTe, which is agnostic to the descriptor input and leverages spatial-temporal cues with efficient statistical measures. The theoretical backbone of the method lies within a probabilistic formulation of feature matching and the respective study of physically motivated constraints. A dynamically adaptable local motion model encapsulates groups of features in an efficient data structure. Temporal constraints transfer information of the local motion model across time, thus additionally reducing the search space complexity for matching. DynaMiTe achieves superior results both in terms of matching accuracy and camera pose estimation with high frame rates, outperforming state-of-the-art matching methods while being computationally more efficient.      
### 12.Disentangling Human Error from the Ground Truth in Segmentation of Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15963.pdf)
>  Recent years have seen increasing use of supervised learning methods for segmentation tasks. However, the predictive performance of these algorithms depends on the quality of labels. This problem is particularly pertinent in the medical image domain, where both the annotation cost and inter-observer variability are high. In a typical label acquisition process, different human experts provide their estimates of the 'true' segmentation labels under the influence of their own biases and competence levels. Treating these noisy labels blindly as the ground truth limits the performance that automatic segmentation algorithms can achieve. In this work, we present a method for jointly learning, from purely noisy observations alone, the reliability of individual annotators and the true segmentation label distributions, using two coupled CNNs. The separation of the two is achieved by encouraging the estimated annotators to be maximally unreliable while achieving high fidelity with the noisy training data. We first define a toy segmentation dataset based on MNIST and study the properties of the proposed algorithm. We then demonstrate the utility of the method on three public medical imaging segmentation datasets with simulated (when necessary) and real diverse annotations: 1) MSLSC (multiple-sclerosis lesions); 2) BraTS (brain tumours); 3) LIDC-IDRI (lung abnormalities). In all cases, our method outperforms competing methods and relevant baselines particularly in cases where the number of annotations is small and the amount of disagreement is large. The experiments also show strong ability to capture the complex spatial characteristics of annotators' mistakes.      
### 13.Feature Learning for Accelerometer based Gait Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15958.pdf)
>  Recent advances in pattern matching, such as speech or object recognition support the viability of feature learning with deep learning solutions for gait recognition. Past papers have evaluated deep neural networks trained in a supervised manner for this task. In this work, we investigated both supervised and unsupervised approaches. Feature extractors using similar architectures incorporated into end-to-end models and autoencoders were compared based on their ability of learning good representations for a gait verification system. Both feature extractors were trained on the IDNet dataset then used for feature extraction on the ZJU-GaitAccel dataset. Results show that autoencoders are very close to discriminative end-to-end models with regards to their feature learning ability and that fully convolutional models are able to learn good feature representations, regardless of the training strategy.      
### 14.Neural Style Transfer for Remote Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15920.pdf)
>  The well-known technique outlined in the paper of Leon A. Gatys et al., A Neural Algorithm of Artistic Style, has become a trending topic both in academic literature and industrial applications. Neural Style Transfer (NST) constitutes an essential tool for a wide range of applications, such as artistic stylization of 2D images, user-assisted creation tools and production tools for entertainment applications. The purpose of this study is to present a method for creating artistic maps from satellite images, based on the NST algorithm. This method includes three basic steps (i) application of semantic image segmentation on the original satellite image, dividing its content into classes (i.e. land, water), (ii) application of neural style transfer for each class and (iii) creation of a collage, i.e. an artistic image consisting of a combination of the two stylized image generated on the previous step.      
### 15.Saliency-driven Class Impressions for Feature Visualization of Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15861.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a data-free method of extracting Impressions of each class from the classifier's memory. The Deep Learning regime empowers classifiers to extract distinct patterns (or features) of a given class from training data, which is the basis on which they generalize to unseen data. Before deploying these models on critical applications, it is advantageous to visualize the features considered to be essential for classification. Existing visualization methods develop high confidence images consisting of both background and foreground features. This makes it hard to judge what the crucial features of a given class are. In this work, we propose a saliency-driven approach to visualize discriminative features that are considered most important for a given task. Another drawback of existing methods is that confidence of the generated visualizations is increased by creating multiple instances of the given class. We restrict the algorithm to develop a single object per image, which helps further in extracting features of high confidence and also results in better visualizations. We further demonstrate the generation of negative images as naturally fused images of two or more classes.      
### 16.Learning the Distribution: A Unified Distillation Paradigm for Fast Uncertainty Estimation in Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15857.pdf)
>  Calibrated estimates of uncertainty are critical for many real-world computer vision applications of deep learning. While there are several widely-used uncertainty estimation methods, dropout inference stands out for its simplicity and efficacy. This technique, however, requires multiple forward passes through the network during inference and therefore can be too resource-intensive to be deployed in real-time applications. To tackle this issue, we propose a unified distillation paradigm for learning the conditional predictive distribution of a pre-trained dropout model for fast uncertainty estimation of both aleatoric and epistemic uncertainty at the same time. We empirically test the effectiveness of the proposed method on both semantic segmentation and depth estimation tasks, and observe that the student model can well approximate the probability distribution generated by the teacher model, i.e the pre-trained dropout model. In addition to a significant boost in speed, we demonstrate the quality of uncertainty estimates and the overall predictive performance can also be improved with the proposed method.      
### 17.Rethinking PointNet Embedding for Faster and Compact Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15855.pdf)
>  PointNet, which is the widely used point-wise embedding method and known as a universal approximator for continuous set functions, can process one million points per second. Nevertheless, real-time inference for the recent development of high-performing sensors is still challenging with existing neural network-based methods, including PointNet. In ordinary cases, the embedding function of PointNet behaves like a soft-indicator function that is activated when the input points exist in a certain local region of the input space. Leveraging this property, we reduce the computational costs of point-wise embedding by replacing the embedding function of PointNet with the soft-indicator function by Gaussian kernels. Moreover, we show that the Gaussian kernels also satisfy the universal approximation theorem that PointNet satisfies. In experiments, we verify that our model using the Gaussian kernels achieves comparable results to baseline methods, but with much fewer floating-point operations per sample up to 92\% reduction from PointNet.      
### 18.Resist : Reconstruction of irises from templates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15850.pdf)
>  Iris recognition systems transform an iris image into a feature vector. The seminal pipeline segments an image into iris and non-iris pixels, normalizes this region into a fixed-dimension rectangle, and extracts features which are stored and called a template (Daugman, 2009). This template is stored on a system. A future reading of an iris can be transformed and compared against template vectors to determine or verify the identity of an individual. As templates are often stored together, they are a valuable target to an attacker. We show how to invert templates across a variety of iris recognition systems. Our inversion is based on a convolutional neural network architecture we call RESIST (REconStructing IriSes from Templates). We apply RESIST to a traditional Gabor filter pipeline, to a DenseNet (Huang et al., CVPR 2017) feature extractor, and to a DenseNet architecture that works without normalization. Both DenseNet feature extractors are based on the recent ThirdEye recognition system (Ahmad and Fuller, BTAS 2019). When training and testing using the ND-0405 dataset, reconstructed images demonstrate a rank-1 accuracy of 100%, 76%, and 96% respectively for the three pipelines. The core of our approach is similar to an autoencoder. To obtain high accuracy this core is integrated into an adversarial network (Goodfellow et al., NeurIPS, 2014)      
### 19.ETH-XGaze: A Large Scale Dataset for Gaze Estimation under Extreme Head Pose and Gaze Variation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15837.pdf)
>  Gaze estimation is a fundamental task in many applications of computer vision, human computer interaction and robotics. Many state-of-the-art methods are trained and tested on custom datasets, making comparison across methods challenging. Furthermore, existing gaze estimation datasets have limited head pose and gaze variations, and the evaluations are conducted using different protocols and metrics. In this paper, we propose a new gaze estimation dataset called ETH-XGaze, consisting of over one million high-resolution images of varying gaze under extreme head poses. We collect this dataset from 110 participants with a custom hardware setup including 18 digital SLR cameras and adjustable illumination conditions, and a calibrated system to record ground truth gaze targets. We show that our dataset can significantly improve the robustness of gaze estimation methods across different head poses and gaze angles. Additionally, we define a standardized experimental protocol and evaluation metric on ETH-XGaze, to better unify gaze estimation research going forward. The dataset and benchmark website are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ait.ethz.ch/projects/2020/ETH-XGaze" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 20.Adversarial Bipartite Graph Learning for Video Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15829.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation techniques, which focus on adapting models between distributionally different domains, are rarely explored in the video recognition area due to the significant spatial and temporal shifts across the source (i.e. training) and target (i.e. test) domains. As such, recent works on visual domain adaptation which leverage adversarial learning to unify the source and target video representations and strengthen the feature transferability are not highly effective on the videos. To overcome this limitation, in this paper, we learn a domain-agnostic video classifier instead of learning domain-invariant representations, and propose an Adversarial Bipartite Graph (ABG) learning framework which directly models the source-target interactions with a network topology of the bipartite graph. Specifically, the source and target frames are sampled as heterogeneous vertexes while the edges connecting two types of nodes measure the affinity among them. Through message-passing, each vertex aggregates the features from its heterogeneous neighbors, forcing the features coming from the same class to be mixed evenly. Explicitly exposing the video classifier to such cross-domain representations at the training and test stages makes our model less biased to the labeled source data, which in-turn results in achieving a better generalization on the target domain. To further enhance the model capacity and testify the robustness of the proposed architecture on difficult transfer tasks, we extend our model to work in a semi-supervised setting using an additional video-level bipartite graph. Extensive experiments conducted on four benchmarks evidence the effectiveness of the proposed approach over the SOTA methods on the task of video recognition.      
### 21.Blending Generative Adversarial Image Synthesis with Rendering for Computer Graphics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15820.pdf)
>  Conventional computer graphics pipelines require detailed 3D models, meshes, textures, and rendering engines to generate 2D images from 3D scenes. These processes are labor-intensive. We introduce Hybrid Neural Computer Graphics (HNCG) as an alternative. The contribution is a novel image formation strategy to reduce the 3D model and texture complexity of computer graphics pipelines. Our main idea is straightforward: Given a 3D scene, render only important objects of interest and use generative adversarial processes for synthesizing the rest of the image. To this end, we propose a novel image formation strategy to form 2D semantic images from 3D scenery consisting of simple object models without textures. These semantic images are then converted into photo-realistic RGB images with a state-of-the-art conditional Generative Adversarial Network (cGAN) based image synthesizer trained on real-world data. Meanwhile, objects of interest are rendered using a physics-based graphics engine. This is necessary as we want to have full control over the appearance of objects of interest. Finally, the partially-rendered and cGAN synthesized images are blended with a blending GAN. We show that the proposed framework outperforms conventional rendering with ablation and comparison studies. Semantic retention and Fréchet Inception Distance (FID) measurements were used as the main performance metrics.      
### 22.Neural Compression and Filtering for Edge-assisted Real-time Object Detection in Challenged Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15818.pdf)
>  The edge computing paradigm places compute-capable devices - edge servers - at the network edge to assist mobile devices in executing data analysis tasks. Intuitively, offloading compute-intense tasks to edge servers can reduce their execution time. However, poor conditions of the wireless channel connecting the mobile devices to the edge servers may degrade the overall capture-to-output delay achieved by edge offloading. Herein, we focus on edge computing supporting remote object detection by means of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs), and develop a framework to reduce the amount of data transmitted over the wireless link. The core idea we propose builds on recent approaches splitting DNNs into sections - namely head and tail models - executed by the mobile device and edge server, respectively. The wireless link, then, is used to transport the output of the last layer of the head model to the edge server, instead of the DNN input. Most prior work focuses on classification tasks and leaves the DNN structure unaltered. Herein, our focus is on DNNs for three different object detection tasks, which present a much more convoluted structure, and modify the architecture of the network to: (i) achieve in-network compression by introducing a bottleneck layer in the early layers on the head model, and (ii) prefilter pictures that do not contain objects of interest using a convolutional neural network. Results show that the proposed technique represents an effective intermediate option between local and edge computing in a parameter region where these extreme point solutions fail to provide satisfactory performance. We release the code and trained models at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yoshitomo-matsubara/hnd-ghnd-object-detectors" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 23.Robust Template Matching via Hierarchical Convolutional Features from a Shape Biased CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15817.pdf)
>  Finding a template in a search image is an important task underlying many computer vision applications. Recent approaches perform template matching in a feature-space, such as that produced by a convolutional neural network (CNN), that provides more tolerance to changes in appearance. In this article we investigate combining features from different layers of a CNN in order to obtain a feature-space that allows both precise and tolerant template matching. Furthermore we investigate if enhancing the encoding of shape information by the CNN can improve the performance of template matching. These investigations result in a new template matching method that produces state-of-the-art results on a standard benchmark. To confirm these results we also create a new benchmark and show that the proposed method also outperforms existing techniques on this new dataset. We further applied the proposed method to tracking and achieved more robust results.      
### 24.Looking At The Body: Automatic Analysis of Body Gestures and Self-Adaptors in Psychological Distress  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15815.pdf)
>  Psychological distress is a significant and growing issue in society. Automatic detection, assessment, and analysis of such distress is an active area of research. Compared to modalities such as face, head, and vocal, research investigating the use of the body modality for these tasks is relatively sparse. This is, in part, due to the limited available datasets and difficulty in automatically extracting useful body features. Recent advances in pose estimation and deep learning have enabled new approaches to this modality and domain. To enable this research, we have collected and analyzed a new dataset containing full body videos for short interviews and self-reported distress labels. We propose a novel method to automatically detect self-adaptors and fidgeting, a subset of self-adaptors that has been shown to be correlated with psychological distress. We perform analysis on statistical body gestures and fidgeting features to explore how distress levels affect participants' behaviors. We then propose a multi-modal approach that combines different feature representations using Multi-modal Deep Denoising Auto-Encoders and Improved Fisher Vector Encoding. We demonstrate that our proposed model, combining audio-visual features with automatically detected fidgeting behavioral cues, can successfully predict distress levels in a dataset labeled with self-reported anxiety and depression levels.      
### 25.AR-Net: Adaptive Frame Resolution for Efficient Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15796.pdf)
>  Action recognition is an open and challenging problem in computer vision. While current state-of-the-art models offer excellent recognition results, their computational expense limits their impact for many real-world applications. In this paper, we propose a novel approach, called AR-Net (Adaptive Resolution Network), that selects on-the-fly the optimal resolution for each frame conditioned on the input for efficient action recognition in long untrimmed videos. Specifically, given a video frame, a policy network is used to decide what input resolution should be used for processing by the action recognition model, with the goal of improving both accuracy and efficiency. We efficiently train the policy network jointly with the recognition model using standard back-propagation. Extensive experiments on several challenging action recognition benchmark datasets well demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed approach over state-of-the-art methods. The project page can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://mengyuest.github.io/AR-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 26.LEMMA: A Multi-view Dataset for Learning Multi-agent Multi-task Activities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15781.pdf)
>  Understanding and interpreting human actions is a long-standing challenge and a critical indicator of perception in artificial intelligence. However, a few imperative components of daily human activities are largely missed in prior literature, including the goal-directed actions, concurrent multi-tasks, and collaborations among multi-agents. We introduce the LEMMA dataset to provide a single home to address these missing dimensions with meticulously designed settings, wherein the number of tasks and agents varies to highlight different learning objectives. We densely annotate the atomic-actions with human-object interactions to provide ground-truths of the compositionality, scheduling, and assignment of daily activities. We further devise challenging compositional action recognition and action/task anticipation benchmarks with baseline models to measure the capability of compositional action understanding and temporal reasoning. We hope this effort would drive the machine vision community to examine goal-directed human activities and further study the task scheduling and assignment in the real world.      
### 27.Weakly supervised one-stage vision and language disease detection using large scale pneumonia and pneumothorax studies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15778.pdf)
>  Detecting clinically relevant objects in medical images is a challenge despite large datasets due to the lack of detailed labels. To address the label issue, we utilize the scene-level labels with a detection architecture that incorporates natural language information. We present a challenging new set of radiologist paired bounding box and natural language annotations on the publicly available MIMIC-CXR dataset especially focussed on pneumonia and pneumothorax. Along with the dataset, we present a joint vision language weakly supervised transformer layer-selected one-stage dual head detection architecture (LITERATI) alongside strong baseline comparisons with class activation mapping (CAM), gradient CAM, and relevant implementations on the NIH ChestXray-14 and MIMIC-CXR dataset. Borrowing from advances in vision language architectures, the LITERATI method demonstrates joint image and referring expression (objects localized in the image using natural language) input for detection that scales in a purely weakly supervised fashion. The architectural modifications address three obstacles -- implementing a supervised vision and language detection method in a weakly supervised fashion, incorporating clinical referring expression natural language information, and generating high fidelity detections with map probabilities. Nevertheless, the challenging clinical nature of the radiologist annotations including subtle references, multi-instance specifications, and relatively verbose underlying medical reports, ensures the vision language detection task at scale remains stimulating for future investigation.      
### 28.Unidentified Floating Object detection in maritime environment using dictionary learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15757.pdf)
>  Maritime domain is one of the most challenging scenarios for object detection due to the complexity of the observed scene. In this article, we present a new approach to detect unidentified floating objects in the maritime environment. The proposed approach is capable of detecting floating objects without any prior knowledge of their visual appearance, shape or location. The input image from the video stream is denoised using a visual dictionary learned from a K-SVD algorithm. The denoised image is made of self-similar content. Later, we extract the residual image, which is the difference between the original image and the denoised (self-similar) image. Thus, the residual image contains noise and salient structures (objects). These salient structures can be extracted using an a contrario model. We demonstrate the capabilities of our algorithm by testing it on videos exhibiting varying maritime scenarios.      
### 29.Deep learning for lithological classification of carbonate rock micro-CT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15693.pdf)
>  In addition to the ongoing development, pre-salt carbonate reservoir characterization remains a challenge, primarily due to inherent geological particularities. These challenges stimulate the use of well-established technologies, such as artificial intelligence algorithms, for image classification tasks. Therefore, this work intends to present an application of deep learning techniques to identify patterns in Brazilian pre-salt carbonate rock microtomographic images, thus making possible lithological classification. Four convolutional neural network models were proposed. The first model includes three convolutional layers followed by fully connected layers and is used as a base model for the following proposals. In the next two models, we replace the max pooling layer with a spatial pyramid pooling and a global average pooling layer. The last model uses a combination of spatial pyramid pooling followed by global average pooling in place of the last pooling layer. All models are compared using original images, when possible, as well as resized images. The dataset consists of 6,000 images from three different classes. The model performances were evaluated by each image individually, as well as by the most frequently predicted class for each sample. According to accuracy, Model 2 trained on resized images achieved the best results, reaching an average of 75.54% for the first evaluation approach and an average of 81.33% for the second. We developed a workflow to automate and accelerate the lithology classification of Brazilian pre-salt carbonate samples by categorizing microtomographic images using deep learning algorithms in a non-destructive way.      
### 30.From A Glance to "Gotcha": Interactive Facial Image Retrieval with Progressive Relevance Feedback  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15683.pdf)
>  Facial image retrieval plays a significant role in forensic investigations where an untrained witness tries to identify a suspect from a massive pool of images. However, due to the difficulties in describing human facial appearances verbally and directly, people naturally tend to depict by referring to well-known existing images and comparing specific areas of faces with them and it is also challenging to provide complete comparison at each time. Therefore, we propose an end-to-end framework to retrieve facial images with relevance feedback progressively provided by the witness, enabling an exploitation of history information during multiple rounds and an interactive and iterative approach to retrieving the mental image. With no need of any extra annotations, our model can be applied at the cost of a little response effort. We experiment on \texttt{CelebA} and evaluate the performance by ranking percentile and achieve 99\% under the best setting. Since this topic remains little explored to the best of our knowledge, we hope our work can serve as a stepping stone for further research.      
### 31.Mix Dimension in Poincaré Geometry for 3D Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15678.pdf)
>  Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) have already demonstrated their powerful ability to model the irregular data, e.g., skeletal data in human action recognition, providing an exciting new way to fuse rich structural information for nodes residing in different parts of a graph. In human action recognition, current works introduce a dynamic graph generation mechanism to better capture the underlying semantic skeleton connections and thus improves the performance. In this paper, we provide an orthogonal way to explore the underlying connections. Instead of introducing an expensive dynamic graph generation paradigm, we build a more efficient GCN on a Riemann manifold, which we think is a more suitable space to model the graph data, to make the extracted representations fit the embedding matrix. Specifically, we present a novel spatial-temporal GCN (ST-GCN) architecture which is defined via the Poincaré geometry such that it is able to better model the latent anatomy of the structure data. To further explore the optimal projection dimension in the Riemann space, we mix different dimensions on the manifold and provide an efficient way to explore the dimension for each ST-GCN layer. With the final resulted architecture, we evaluate our method on two current largest scale 3D datasets, i.e., NTU RGB+D and NTU RGB+D 120. The comparison results show that the model could achieve a superior performance under any given evaluation metrics with only 40\% model size when compared with the previous best GCN method, which proves the effectiveness of our model.      
### 32.HMCNAS: Neural Architecture Search using Hidden Markov Chains and Bayesian Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16149.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search has achieved state-of-the-art performance in a variety of tasks, out-performing human-designed networks. However, many assumptions, that require human definition, related with the problems being solved or the models generated are still needed: final model architectures, number of layers to be sampled, forced operations, small search spaces, which ultimately contributes to having models with higher performances at the cost of inducing bias into the system. In this paper, we propose HMCNAS, which is composed of two novel components: i) a method that leverages information about human-designed models to autonomously generate a complex search space, and ii) an Evolutionary Algorithm with Bayesian Optimization that is capable of generating competitive CNNs from scratch, without relying on human-defined parameters or small search spaces. The experimental results show that the proposed approach results in competitive architectures obtained in a very short time. HMCNAS provides a step towards generalizing NAS, by providing a way to create competitive models, without requiring any human knowledge about the specific task.      
### 33.Computer-aided Tumor Diagnosis in Automated Breast Ultrasound using 3D Detection Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16133.pdf)
>  Automated breast ultrasound (ABUS) is a new and promising imaging modality for breast cancer detection and diagnosis, which could provide intuitive 3D information and coronal plane information with great diagnostic value. However, manually screening and diagnosing tumors from ABUS images is very time-consuming and overlooks of abnormalities may happen. In this study, we propose a novel two-stage 3D detection network for locating suspected lesion areas and further classifying lesions as benign or malignant tumors. Specifically, we propose a 3D detection network rather than frequently-used segmentation network to locate lesions in ABUS images, thus our network can make full use of the spatial context information in ABUS images. A novel similarity loss is designed to effectively distinguish lesions from background. Then a classification network is employed to identify the located lesions as benign or malignant. An IoU-balanced classification loss is adopted to improve the correlation between classification and localization task. The efficacy of our network is verified from a collected dataset of 418 patients with 145 benign tumors and 273 malignant tumors. Experiments show our network attains a sensitivity of 97.66% with 1.23 false positives (FPs), and has an area under the curve(AUC) value of 0.8720.      
### 34.Learning-based Computer-aided Prescription Model for Parkinson's Disease: A Data-driven Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16103.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study a novel problem: "automatic prescription recommendation for PD patients." To realize this goal, we first build a dataset by collecting 1) symptoms of PD patients, and 2) their prescription drug provided by neurologists. Then, we build a novel computer-aided prescription model by learning the relation between observed symptoms and prescription drug. Finally, for the new coming patients, we could recommend (predict) suitable prescription drug on their observed symptoms by our prescription model. From the methodology part, our proposed model, namely Prescription viA Learning lAtent Symptoms (PALAS), could recommend prescription using the multi-modality representation of the data. In PALAS, a latent symptom space is learned to better model the relationship between symptoms and prescription drug, as there is a large semantic gap between them. Moreover, we present an efficient alternating optimization method for PALAS. We evaluated our method using the data collected from 136 PD patients at Nanjing Brain Hospital, which can be regarded as a large dataset in PD research community. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and clinical potential of our method in this recommendation task, if compared with other competing methods.      
### 35.L$^2$C -- Learning to Learn to Compress  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.16054.pdf)
>  In this paper we present an end-to-end meta-learned system for image compression. Traditional machine learning based approaches to image compression train one or more neural network for generalization performance. However, at inference time, the encoder or the latent tensor output by the encoder can be optimized for each test image. This optimization can be regarded as a form of adaptation or benevolent overfitting to the input content. In order to reduce the gap between training and inference conditions, we propose a new training paradigm for learned image compression, which is based on meta-learning. In a first phase, the neural networks are trained normally. In a second phase, the Model-Agnostic Meta-learning approach is adapted to the specific case of image compression, where the inner-loop performs latent tensor overfitting, and the outer loop updates both encoder and decoder neural networks based on the overfitting performance. Furthermore, after meta-learning, we propose to overfit and cluster the bias terms of the decoder on training image patches, so that at inference time the optimal content-specific bias terms can be selected at encoder-side. Finally, we propose a new probability model for lossless compression, which combines concepts from both multi-scale and super-resolution probability model approaches. We show the benefits of all our proposed ideas via carefully designed experiments.      
### 36.Evaluating Automatically Generated Phoneme Captions for Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15916.pdf)
>  Image2Speech is the relatively new task of generating a spoken description of an image. This paper presents an investigation into the evaluation of this task. For this, first an Image2Speech system was implemented which generates image captions consisting of phoneme sequences. This system outperformed the original Image2Speech system on the Flickr8k corpus. Subsequently, these phoneme captions were converted into sentences of words. The captions were rated by human evaluators for their goodness of describing the image. Finally, several objective metric scores of the results were correlated with these human ratings. Although BLEU4 does not perfectly correlate with human ratings, it obtained the highest correlation among the investigated metrics, and is the best currently existing metric for the Image2Speech task. Current metrics are limited by the fact that they assume their input to be words. A more appropriate metric for the Image2Speech task should assume its input to be parts of words, i.e. phonemes, instead.      
### 37.A Novel Global Spatial Attention Mechanism in Convolutional Neural Network for Medical Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15897.pdf)
>  Spatial attention has been introduced to convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for improving both their performance and interpretability in visual tasks including image classification. The essence of the spatial attention is to learn a weight map which represents the relative importance of activations within the same layer or channel. All existing attention mechanisms are local attentions in the sense that weight maps are image-specific. However, in the medical field, there are cases that all the images should share the same weight map because the set of images record the same kind of symptom related to the same object and thereby share the same structural content. In this paper, we thus propose a novel global spatial attention mechanism in CNNs mainly for medical image classification. The global weight map is instantiated by a decision boundary between important pixels and unimportant pixels. And we propose to realize the decision boundary by a binary classifier in which the intensities of all images at a pixel are the features of the pixel. The binary classification is integrated into an image classification CNN and is to be optimized together with the CNN. Experiments on two medical image datasets and one facial expression dataset showed that with the proposed attention, not only the performance of four powerful CNNs which are GoogleNet, VGG, ResNet, and DenseNet can be improved, but also meaningful attended regions can be obtained, which is beneficial for understanding the content of images of a domain.      
### 38.Robust Retinal Vessel Segmentation from a Data Augmentation Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15883.pdf)
>  Retinal vessel segmentation is a fundamental step in screening, diagnosis, and treatment of various cardiovascular and ophthalmic diseases. Robustness is one of the most critical requirements for practical utilization, since the test images may be captured using different fundus cameras, or be affected by various pathological changes. We investigate this problem from a data augmentation perspective, with the merits of no additional training data or inference time. In this paper, we propose two new data augmentation modules, namely, channel-wise random Gamma correction and channel-wise random vessel augmentation. Given a training color fundus image, the former applies random gamma correction on each color channel of the entire image, while the latter intentionally enhances or decreases only the fine-grained blood vessel regions using morphological transformations. With the additional training samples generated by applying these two modules sequentially, a model could learn more invariant and discriminating features against both global and local disturbances. Experimental results on both real-world and synthetic datasets demonstrate that our method can improve the performance and robustness of a classic convolutional neural network architecture. Source codes are available <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/Research/tree/master/CV/robust_vessel_segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 39.Residual-CycleGAN based Camera Adaptation for Robust Diabetic Retinopathy Screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15874.pdf)
>  There are extensive researches focusing on automated diabetic reti-nopathy (DR) detection from fundus images. However, the accuracy drop is ob-served when applying these models in real-world DR screening, where the fun-dus camera brands are different from the ones used to capture the training im-ages. How can we train a classification model on labeled fundus images ac-quired from only one camera brand, yet still achieves good performance on im-ages taken by other brands of cameras? In this paper, we quantitatively verify the impact of fundus camera brands related domain shift on the performance of DR classification models, from an experimental perspective. Further, we pro-pose camera-oriented residual-CycleGAN to mitigate the camera brand differ-ence by domain adaptation and achieve increased classification performance on target camera images. Extensive ablation experiments on both the EyePACS da-taset and a private dataset show that the camera brand difference can signifi-cantly impact the classification performance and prove that our proposed meth-od can effectively improve the model performance on the target domain. We have inferred and labeled the camera brand for each image in the EyePACS da-taset and will publicize the camera brand labels for further research on domain adaptation.      
### 40.Estimating Motion Codes from Demonstration Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15841.pdf)
>  A motion taxonomy can encode manipulations as a binary-encoded representation, which we refer to as motion codes. These motion codes innately represent a manipulation action in an embedded space that describes the motion's mechanical features, including contact and trajectory type. The key advantage of using motion codes for embedding is that motions can be more appropriately defined with robotic-relevant features, and their distances can be more reasonably measured using these motion features. In this paper, we develop a deep learning pipeline to extract motion codes from demonstration videos in an unsupervised manner so that knowledge from these videos can be properly represented and used for robots. Our evaluations show that motion codes can be extracted from demonstrations of action in the EPIC-KITCHENS dataset.      
### 41.A Survey on Concept Factorization: From Shallow to Deep Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15840.pdf)
>  The quality of learned features by representation learning determines the performance of learning algorithms and the related application tasks (such as high-dimensional data clustering). As a relatively new paradigm for representation learning, Concept Factorization (CF) has attracted a great deal of interests in the areas of machine learning and data mining for over a decade. Lots of effective CF based methods have been proposed based on different perspectives and properties, but note that it still remains not easy to grasp the essential connections and figure out the underlying explanatory factors from exiting studies. In this paper, we therefore survey the recent advances on CF methodologies and the potential benchmarks by categorizing and summarizing the current methods. Specifically, we first re-view the root CF method, and then explore the advancement of CF-based representation learning ranging from shallow to deep/multilayer cases. We also introduce the potential application areas of CF-based methods. Finally, we point out some future directions for studying the CF-based representation learning. Overall, this survey provides an insightful overview of both theoretical basis and current developments in the field of CF, which can also help the interested researchers to understand the current trends of CF and find the most appropriate CF techniques to deal with particular applications.      
### 42.OREBA: A Dataset for Objectively Recognizing Eating Behaviour and Associated Intake  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.15831.pdf)
>  Automatic detection of intake gestures is a key element of automatic dietary monitoring. Several types of sensors, including inertial measurement units (IMU) and video cameras, have been used for this purpose. The common machine learning approaches make use of the labelled sensor data to automatically learn how to make detections. One characteristic, especially for deep learning models, is the need for large datasets. To meet this need, we collected the Objectively Recognizing Eating Behavior and Associated Intake (OREBA) dataset. The OREBA dataset aims to provide a comprehensive multi-sensor recording of communal intake occasions for researchers interested in automatic detection of intake gestures. Two scenarios are included, with 100 participants for a discrete dish and 102 participants for a shared dish, totalling 9069 intake gestures. Available sensor data consists of synchronized frontal video and IMU with accelerometer and gyroscope for both hands. We report the details of data collection and annotation, as well as technical details of sensor processing. The results of studies on IMU and video data involving deep learning models are reported to provide a baseline for future research.      
