# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 17 Aug 2020
### 1.Feedback Attention for Cell Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06474.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address cell image segmentation task by Feedback Attention mechanism like feedback processing. Unlike conventional neural network models of feedforward processing, we focused on the feedback processing in human brain and assumed that the network learns like a human by connecting feature maps from deep layers to shallow layers. We propose some Feedback Attentions which imitate human brain and feeds back the feature maps of output layer to close layer to the input. U-Net with Feedback Attention showed better result than the conventional methods using only feedforward processing.      
### 2.Abstracting Deep Neural Networks into Concept Graphs for Concept Level Interpretability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06457.pdf)
>  The black-box nature of deep learning models prevents them from being completely trusted in domains like biomedicine. Most explainability techniques do not capture the concept-based reasoning that human beings follow. In this work, we attempt to understand the behavior of trained models that perform image processing tasks in the medical domain by building a graphical representation of the concepts they learn. Extracting such a graphical representation of the model's behavior on an abstract, higher conceptual level would unravel the learnings of these models and would help us to evaluate the steps taken by the model for predictions. We show the application of our proposed implementation on two biomedical problems - brain tumor segmentation and fundus image classification. We provide an alternative graphical representation of the model by formulating a \textit{concept level graph} as discussed above, which makes the problem of intervention to find active inference trails more tractable. Understanding these trails would provide an understanding of the hierarchy of the decision-making process followed by the model. [As well as overall nature of model]. Our framework is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/koriavinash1/BioExp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 3.Self-adapting confidence estimation for stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06447.pdf)
>  Estimating the confidence of disparity maps inferred by a stereo algorithm has become a very relevant task in the years, due to the increasing number of applications leveraging such cue. Although self-supervised learning has recently spread across many computer vision tasks, it has been barely considered in the field of confidence estimation. In this paper, we propose a flexible and lightweight solution enabling self-adapting confidence estimation agnostic to the stereo algorithm or network. Our approach relies on the minimum information available in any stereo setup (i.e., the input stereo pair and the output disparity map) to learn an effective confidence measure. This strategy allows us not only a seamless integration with any stereo system, including consumer and industrial devices equipped with undisclosed stereo perception methods, but also, due to its self-adapting capability, for its out-of-the-box deployment in the field. Exhaustive experimental results with different standard datasets support our claims, showing how our solution is the first-ever enabling online learning of accurate confidence estimation for any stereo system and without any requirement for the end-user.      
### 4.RODEO: Replay for Online Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06439.pdf)
>  Humans can incrementally learn to do new visual detection tasks, which is a huge challenge for today's computer vision systems. Incrementally trained deep learning models lack backwards transfer to previously seen classes and suffer from a phenomenon known as $"catastrophic forgetting."$ In this paper, we pioneer online streaming learning for object detection, where an agent must learn examples one at a time with severe memory and computational constraints. In object detection, a system must output all bounding boxes for an image with the correct label. Unlike earlier work, the system described in this paper can learn this task in an online manner with new classes being introduced over time. We achieve this capability by using a novel memory replay mechanism that efficiently replays entire scenes. We achieve state-of-the-art results on both the PASCAL VOC 2007 and MS COCO datasets.      
### 5.Renormalization for Initialization of Rolling Shutter Visual-Inertial Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06399.pdf)
>  In this paper we deal with the initialization problem of a visual-inertial odometry system with rolling shutter cameras. The initialization is a prerequisite to utilize inertial signals and fuse them with the visual data. We propose a novel way to solve this problem on visual and inertial data simultaneously in a statistical sense, by casting it into the renormalization scheme of Kanatani. The renormalization is an optimization scheme which intends to reduce the inherent statistical bias of common linear systems. We derive and present necessary steps and methodology specific for the initialization problem. Extensive evaluations on perfect ground truth exhibit superior performance and up to 20% accuracy gain to the originally proposed Least Squares solution. The renormalization performs similarly to the optimal Maximum Likelihood estimate, despite arriving to the solution by different means. By this, we extend the set of common Computer Vision problems which can be cast into the renormalization scheme.      
### 6.Deep Domain Adaptation for Ordinal Regression of Pain Intensity Estimation Using Weakly-Labelled Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06392.pdf)
>  Predicting the level of facial expression intensities based on videos allow capturing a representation of affect, which has many potential applications such as pain localisation, depression detection, etc. However, state-of-the-art DL(DL) models to predict these levels are typically formulated regression problems, and do not leverage the data distribution, nor the ordinal relationship between levels. This translates to a limited robustness to noisy and uncertain labels. Moreover, annotating expression intensity levels for video frames is a costly undertaking, involving considerable labor by domain experts, and the labels are vulnerable to subjective bias due to ambiguity among adjacent intensity levels. <br>This paper introduces a DL model for weakly-supervised domain adaptation with ordinal regression (WSDA-OR), where videos in target domain have coarse labels representing of ordinal intensity levels that are provided on a periodic basis. In particular, the proposed model learn discriminant and domain-invariant representations by integrating multiple instance learning with deep adversarial domain adaptation, where an Inflated 3D CNN (I3D) is trained using fully supervised source domain videos, and weakly supervised target domain videos. The trained model is finally used to estimate the ordinal intensity levels of individual frames in the target operational domain. The proposed approach has been validated for pain intensity estimation on using RECOLA dataset as labeled source domain, and UNBC-McMaster dataset as weakly-labeled target domain. Experimental results shows significant improvement over the state-of-the-art models and achieves higher level of localization accuracy.      
### 7.PointMixup: Augmentation for Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06374.pdf)
>  This paper introduces data augmentation for point clouds by interpolation between examples. Data augmentation by interpolation has shown to be a simple and effective approach in the image domain. Such a mixup is however not directly transferable to point clouds, as we do not have a one-to-one correspondence between the points of two different objects. In this paper, we define data augmentation between point clouds as a shortest path linear interpolation. To that end, we introduce PointMixup, an interpolation method that generates new examples through an optimal assignment of the path function between two point clouds. We prove that our PointMixup finds the shortest path between two point clouds and that the interpolation is assignment invariant and linear. With the definition of interpolation, PointMixup allows to introduce strong interpolation-based regularizers such as mixup and manifold mixup to the point cloud domain. Experimentally, we show the potential of PointMixup for point cloud classification, especially when examples are scarce, as well as increased robustness to noise and geometric transformations to points. The code for PointMixup and the experimental details are publicly available.      
### 8.An Overview of Deep Learning Architectures in Few-Shots Learning Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06365.pdf)
>  Since 2012, Deep learning has revolutionized Artificial Intelligence and has achieved state-of-the-art outcomes in different domains, ranging from Image Classification to Speech Generation. Though it has many potentials, our current architectures come with the pre-requisite of large amounts of data. Few-Shot Learning(also known as few-shot learning) is a subfield of machine learning that aims to create such models that can learn the desired objective with less data, similar to how humans learn. In this paper, we have reviewed some of the well-known deep learning-based approaches towards few-shot learning. We have discussed the recent achievements, challenges, and possibilities of improvement of few-shot learning based deep learning architectures. Our aim for this paper is threefold: (i) Give a brief introduction to deep learning architectures for few-shot learning with pointers to core references. (ii) Indicate how deep learning has been applied to the low-data regime, from data preparation to model training. And, (iii) Provide a starting point for people interested in experimenting and perhaps contributing to the field of few-shot learning by pointing out some useful resources and open-source code. Our code is available at Github:\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shruti-jadon/Hands-on-One-Shot-Learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 9.Survey of XAI in digital pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06353.pdf)
>  Artificial intelligence (AI) has shown great promise for diagnostic imaging assessments. However, the application of AI to support medical diagnostics in clinical routine comes with many challenges. The algorithms should have high prediction accuracy but also be transparent, understandable and reliable. Thus, explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) is highly relevant for this domain. We present a survey on XAI within digital pathology, a medical imaging sub-discipline with particular characteristics and needs. The review includes several contributions. Firstly, we give a thorough overview of current XAI techniques of potential relevance for deep learning methods in pathology imaging, and categorise them from three different aspects. In doing so, we incorporate uncertainty estimation methods as an integral part of the XAI landscape. We also connect the technical methods to the specific prerequisites in digital pathology and present findings to guide future research efforts. The survey is intended for both technical researchers and medical professionals, one of the objectives being to establish a common ground for cross-disciplinary discussions.      
### 10.Not 3D Re-ID: a Simple Single Stream 2D Convolution for Robust Video Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06318.pdf)
>  Video-based person re-identification has received increasing attention recently, as it plays an important role within surveillance video analysis. Video-based Re-ID is an expansion of earlier image-based re-identification methods by learning features from a video via multiple image frames for each person. Most contemporary video Re-ID methods utilise complex CNNbased network architectures using 3D convolution or multibranch networks to extract spatial-temporal video features. By contrast, in this paper, we illustrate superior performance from a simple single stream 2D convolution network leveraging the ResNet50-IBN architecture to extract frame-level features followed by temporal attention for clip level features. These clip level features can be generalised to extract video level features by averaging without any significant additional cost. Our approach uses best video Re-ID practice and transfer learning between datasets to outperform existing state-of-the-art approaches on the MARS, PRID2011 and iLIDS-VID datasets with 89:62%, 97:75%, 97:33% rank-1 accuracy respectively and with 84:61% mAP for MARS, without reliance on complex and memory intensive 3D convolutions or multi-stream networks architectures as found in other contemporary work. Conversely, our work shows that global features extracted by the 2D convolution network are a sufficient representation for robust state of the art video Re-ID.      
### 11.GeoLayout: Geometry Driven Room Layout Estimation Based on Depth Maps of Planes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06286.pdf)
>  The task of room layout estimation is to locate the wall-floor, wall-ceiling, and wall-wall boundaries. Most recent methods solve this problem based on edge/keypoint detection or semantic segmentation. However, these approaches have shown limited attention on the geometry of the dominant planes and the intersection between them, which has significant impact on room layout. In this work, we propose to incorporate geometric reasoning to deep learning for layout estimation. Our approach learns to infer the depth maps of the dominant planes in the scene by predicting the pixel-level surface parameters, and the layout can be generated by the intersection of the depth maps. Moreover, we present a new dataset with pixel-level depth annotation of dominant planes. It is larger than the existing datasets and contains both cuboid and non-cuboid rooms. Experimental results show that our approach produces considerable performance gains on both 2D and 3D datasets.      
### 12.Rb-PaStaNet: A Few-Shot Human-Object Interaction Detection Based on Rules and Part States  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06285.pdf)
>  Existing Human-Object Interaction (HOI) Detection approaches have achieved great progress on nonrare classes while rare HOI classes are still not well-detected. In this paper, we intend to apply human prior knowledge into the existing work. So we add human-labeled rules to PaStaNet and propose Rb-PaStaNet aimed at improving rare HOI classes detection. Our results show a certain improvement of the rare classes, while the non-rare classes and the overall improvement is more considerable.      
### 13.Optimized Deep Encoder-Decoder Methods for Crack Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06266.pdf)
>  Continuous maintenance of concrete infrastructure is an important task which is needed to continue safe operations of these structures. One kind of defect that occurs on surfaces in these structures are cracks. Automatic detection of those cracks poses a challenging computer vision task as background, shape, colour and size of cracks vary. In this work we propose optimized deep encoder-decoder methods consisting of a combination of techniques which yield an increase in crack segmentation performance. Specifically, we propose a new design for the decoder-part in encoder-decoder based deep learning architectures for semantic segmentation. We study its composition and how to achieve increased performance by exploring components such as deep supervision and upsampling strategies. Then we examine the optimal encoder to go in conjunction with this decoder and determine that pretrained encoders lead to an increase in performance. We propose a data augmentation strategy to increase the amount of available training data and carry out the performance evaluation of the designed architecture on four publicly available crack segmentation datasets. Additionally, we introduce two techniques into the field of surface crack segmentation, previously not used there: Generating results using test-time-augmentation and performing a statistical result analysis over multiple training runs. The former approach generally yields increased performance results, whereas the latter allows for more reproducible and better representability of a methods results. Using those aforementioned strategies with our proposed encoder-decoder architecture we are able to achieve new state of the art results in all datasets.      
### 14.A Learning-based Method for Online Adjustment of C-arm Cone-Beam CT Source Trajectories for Artifact Avoidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06262.pdf)
>  During spinal fusion surgery, screws are placed close to critical nerves suggesting the need for highly accurate screw placement. Verifying screw placement on high-quality tomographic imaging is essential. C-arm Cone-beam CT (CBCT) provides intraoperative 3D tomographic imaging which would allow for immediate verification and, if needed, revision. However, the reconstruction quality attainable with commercial CBCT devices is insufficient, predominantly due to severe metal artifacts in the presence of pedicle screws. These artifacts arise from a mismatch between the true physics of image formation and an idealized model thereof assumed during reconstruction. Prospectively acquiring views onto anatomy that are least affected by this mismatch can, therefore, improve reconstruction quality. We propose to adjust the C-arm CBCT source trajectory during the scan to optimize reconstruction quality with respect to a certain task, i.e. verification of screw placement. Adjustments are performed on-the-fly using a convolutional neural network that regresses a quality index for possible next views given the current x-ray image. Adjusting the CBCT trajectory to acquire the recommended views results in non-circular source orbits that avoid poor images, and thus, data inconsistencies. We demonstrate that convolutional neural networks trained on realistically simulated data are capable of predicting quality metrics that enable scene-specific adjustments of the CBCT source trajectory. Using both realistically simulated data and real CBCT acquisitions of a semi-anthropomorphic phantom, we show that tomographic reconstructions of the resulting scene-specific CBCT acquisitions exhibit improved image quality particularly in terms of metal artifacts. Since the optimization objective is implicitly encoded in a neural network, the proposed approach overcomes the need for 3D information at run-time.      
### 15.ConsNet: Learning Consistency Graph for Zero-Shot Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06254.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of Human-Object Interaction (HOI) Detection, which aims to locate and recognize HOI instances in the form of &lt;human, action, object&gt; in images. Most existing works treat HOIs as individual interaction categories, thus can not handle the problem of long-tail distribution and polysemy of action labels. We argue that multi-level consistencies among objects, actions and interactions are strong cues for generating semantic representations of rare or previously unseen HOIs. Leveraging the compositional and relational peculiarities of HOI labels, we propose ConsNet, a knowledge-aware framework that explicitly encodes the relations among objects, actions and interactions into an undirected graph called consistency graph, and exploits Graph Attention Networks (GATs) to propagate knowledge among HOI categories as well as their constituents. Our model takes visual features of candidate human-object pairs and word embeddings of HOI labels as inputs, maps them into visual-semantic joint embedding space and obtains detection results by measuring their similarities. We extensively evaluate our model on the challenging V-COCO and HICO-DET datasets, and results validate that our approach outperforms state-of-the-arts under both fully-supervised and zero-shot settings.      
### 16.Deep Atrous Guided Filter for Image Restoration in Under Display Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06229.pdf)
>  Under Display Cameras present a promising opportunity for phone manufacturers to achieve bezel-free displays by positioning the camera behind semi-transparent OLED screens. Unfortunately, such imaging systems suffer from severe image degradation due to light attenuation and diffraction effects. In this work, we present Deep Atrous Guided Filter (DAGF), a two-stage, end-to-end approach for image restoration in UDC systems. A Low-Resolution Network first restores image quality at low-resolution, which is subsequently used by the Guided Filter Network as a filtering input to produce a high-resolution output. Besides the initial downsampling, our low-resolution network uses multiple, parallel atrous convolutions to preserve spatial resolution and emulates multi-scale processing. Our approach's ability to directly train on megapixel images results in significant performance improvement. We additionally propose a simple simulation scheme to pre-train our model and boost performance. Our overall framework ranks 2nd and 5th in the RLQ-TOD'20 UDC Challenge for POLED and TOLED displays, respectively.      
### 17.BriNet: Towards Bridging the Intra-class and Inter-class Gaps in One-Shot Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06226.pdf)
>  Few-shot segmentation focuses on the generalization of models to segment unseen object instances with limited training samples. Although tremendous improvements have been achieved, existing methods are still constrained by two factors. (1) The information interaction between query and support images is not adequate, leaving intra-class gap. (2) The object categories at the training and inference stages have no overlap, leaving the inter-class gap. Thus, we propose a framework, BriNet, to bridge these gaps. First, more information interactions are encouraged between the extracted features of the query and support images, i.e., using an Information Exchange Module to emphasize the common objects. Furthermore, to precisely localize the query objects, we design a multi-path fine-grained strategy which is able to make better use of the support feature representations. Second, a new online refinement strategy is proposed to help the trained model adapt to unseen classes, achieved by switching the roles of the query and the support images at the inference stage. The effectiveness of our framework is demonstrated by experimental results, which outperforms other competitive methods and leads to a new state-of-the-art on both PASCAL VOC and MSCOCO dataset.      
### 18.Parameters Sharing Exploration and Hetero-Center based Triplet Loss for Visible-Thermal Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06223.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on the visible-thermal cross-modality person re-identification (VT Re-ID) task, whose goal is to match person images between the daytime visible modality and the nighttime thermal modality. The two-stream network is usually adopted to address the cross-modality discrepancy, the most challenging problem for VT Re-ID, by learning the multi-modality person features. In this paper, we explore how many parameters of two-stream network should share, which is still not well investigated in the existing literature. By well splitting the ResNet50 model to construct the modality-specific feature extracting network and modality-sharing feature embedding network, we experimentally demonstrate the effect of parameters sharing of two-stream network for VT Re-ID. Moreover, in the framework of part-level person feature learning, we propose the hetero-center based triplet loss to relax the strict constraint of traditional triplet loss through replacing the comparison of anchor to all the other samples by anchor center to all the other centers. With the extremely simple means, the proposed method can significantly improve the VT Re-ID performance. The experimental results on two datasets show that our proposed method distinctly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by large margins, especially on RegDB dataset achieving superior performance, rank1/mAP/mINP 91.05%/83.28%/68.84%. It can be a new baseline for VT Re-ID, with simple but effective strategy.      
### 19.Structure-Aware Network for Lane Marker Extraction with Dynamic Vision Sensor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06204.pdf)
>  Lane marker extraction is a basic yet necessary task for autonomous driving. Although past years have witnessed major advances in lane marker extraction with deep learning models, they all aim at ordinary RGB images generated by frame-based cameras, which limits their performance in extreme cases, like huge illumination change. To tackle this problem, we introduce Dynamic Vision Sensor (DVS), a type of event-based sensor to lane marker extraction task and build a high-resolution DVS dataset for lane marker extraction. We collect the raw event data and generate 5,424 DVS images with a resolution of 1280$\times$800 pixels, the highest one among all DVS datasets available now. All images are annotated with multi-class semantic segmentation format. We then propose a structure-aware network for lane marker extraction in DVS images. It can capture directional information comprehensively with multidirectional slice convolution. We evaluate our proposed network with other state-of-the-art lane marker extraction models on this dataset. Experimental results demonstrate that our method outperforms other competitors. The dataset is made publicly available, including the raw event data, accumulated images and labels.      
### 20.An Improved Deep Convolutional Neural Network-Based Autonomous Road Inspection Scheme Using Unmanned Aerial Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06189.pdf)
>  Advancements in artificial intelligence (AI) gives a great opportunity to develop an autonomous devices. The contribution of this work is an improved convolutional neural network (CNN) model and its implementation for the detection of road cracks, potholes, and yellow lane in the road. The purpose of yellow lane detection and tracking is to realize autonomous navigation of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) by following yellow lane while detecting and reporting the road cracks and potholes to the server through WIFI or 5G medium. The fabrication of own data set is a hectic and time-consuming task. The data set is created, labeled and trained using default and an improved model. The performance of both these models is benchmarked with respect to accuracy, mean average precision (mAP) and detection time. In the testing phase, it was observed that the performance of the improved model is better in respect of accuracy and mAP. The improved model is implemented in UAV using the robot operating system for the autonomous detection of potholes and cracks in roads via UAV front camera vision in real-time.      
### 21.Apparel-invariant Feature Learning for Apparel-changed Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06181.pdf)
>  With the rise of deep learning methods, person Re-Identification (ReID) performance has been improved tremendously in many public datasets. However, most public ReID datasets are collected in a short time window in which persons' appearance rarely changes. In real-world applications such as in a shopping mall, the same person's clothing may change, and different persons may wearing similar clothes. All these cases can result in an inconsistent ReID performance, revealing a critical problem that current ReID models heavily rely on person's apparels. Therefore, it is critical to learn an apparel-invariant person representation under cases like cloth changing or several persons wearing similar clothes. In this work, we tackle this problem from the viewpoint of invariant feature representation learning. The main contributions of this work are as follows. (1) We propose the semi-supervised Apparel-invariant Feature Learning (AIFL) framework to learn an apparel-invariant pedestrian representation using images of the same person wearing different clothes. (2) To obtain images of the same person wearing different clothes, we propose an unsupervised apparel-simulation GAN (AS-GAN) to synthesize cloth changing images according to the target cloth embedding. It's worth noting that the images used in ReID tasks were cropped from real-world low-quality CCTV videos, making it more challenging to synthesize cloth changing images. We conduct extensive experiments on several datasets comparing with several baselines. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposal can improve the ReID performance of the baseline models.      
### 22.A Multimodal Late Fusion Model for E-Commerce Product Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06179.pdf)
>  The cataloging of product listings is a fundamental problem for most e-commerce platforms. Despite promising results obtained by unimodal-based methods, it can be expected that their performance can be further boosted by the consideration of multimodal product information. In this study, we investigated a multimodal late fusion approach based on text and image modalities to categorize e-commerce products on Rakuten. Specifically, we developed modal specific state-of-the-art deep neural networks for each input modal, and then fused them at the decision level. Experimental results on Multimodal Product Classification Task of SIGIR 2020 E-Commerce Workshop Data Challenge demonstrate the superiority and effectiveness of our proposed method compared with unimodal and other multimodal methods. Our team named pa_curis won the 1st place with a macro-F1 of 0.9144 on the final leaderboard.      
### 23.3D Bird Reconstruction: a Dataset, Model, and Shape Recovery from a Single View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06133.pdf)
>  Automated capture of animal pose is transforming how we study neuroscience and social behavior. Movements carry important social cues, but current methods are not able to robustly estimate pose and shape of animals, particularly for social animals such as birds, which are often occluded by each other and objects in the environment. To address this problem, we first introduce a model and multi-view optimization approach, which we use to capture the unique shape and pose space displayed by live birds. We then introduce a pipeline and experiments for keypoint, mask, pose, and shape regression that recovers accurate avian postures from single views. Finally, we provide extensive multi-view keypoint and mask annotations collected from a group of 15 social birds housed together in an outdoor aviary. The project website with videos, results, code, mesh model, and the Penn Aviary Dataset can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://marcbadger.github.io/avian-mesh" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Effect of Architectures and Training Methods on the Performance of Learned Video Frame Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06106.pdf)
>  We analyze the performance of feedforward vs. recurrent neural network (RNN) architectures and associated training methods for learned frame prediction. To this effect, we trained a residual fully convolutional neural network (FCNN), a convolutional RNN (CRNN), and a convolutional long short-term memory (CLSTM) network for next frame prediction using the mean square loss. We performed both stateless and stateful training for recurrent networks. Experimental results show that the residual FCNN architecture performs the best in terms of peak signal to noise ratio (PSNR) at the expense of higher training and test (inference) computational complexity. The CRNN can be trained stably and very efficiently using the stateful truncated backpropagation through time procedure, and it requires an order of magnitude less inference runtime to achieve near real-time frame prediction with an acceptable performance.      
### 25.Geometric Deep Learning for Post-Menstrual Age Prediction based on the Neonatal White Matter Cortical Surface  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06098.pdf)
>  Accurate estimation of the age in neonates is essential for measuring neurodevelopmental, medical, and growth outcomes. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to predict the post-menstrual age (PA) at scan, using techniques from geometric deep learning, based on the neonatal white matter cortical surface. We utilize and compare multiple specialized neural network architectures that predict the age using different geometric representations of the cortical surface; we compare MeshCNN, Pointnet++, GraphCNN, and a volumetric benchmark. The dataset is part of the Developing Human Connectome Project (dHCP), and is a cohort of healthy and premature neonates. We evaluate our approach on 650 subjects (727scans) with PA ranging from 27 to 45 weeks. Our results show accurate prediction of the estimated PA, with mean error less than one week.      
### 26.Novelty Detection Through Model-Based Characterization of Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06094.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a model-based characterization of neural networks to detect novel input types and conditions. Novelty detection is crucial to identify abnormal inputs that can significantly degrade the performance of machine learning algorithms. Majority of existing studies have focused on activation-based representations to detect abnormal inputs, which limits the characterization of abnormality from a data perspective. However, a model perspective can also be informative in terms of the novelties and abnormalities. To articulate the significance of the model perspective in novelty detection, we utilize backpropagated gradients. We conduct a comprehensive analysis to compare the representation capability of gradients with that of activation and show that the gradients outperform the activation in novel class and condition detection. We validate our approach using four image recognition datasets including MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, CIFAR-10, and CURE-TSR. We achieve a significant improvement on all four datasets with an average AUROC of 0.953, 0.918, 0.582, and 0.746, respectively.      
### 27.Semantically Adversarial Learnable Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06069.pdf)
>  We present the first adversarial framework that crafts perturbations that mislead classifiers by accounting for the content of the images and the semantics of the labels. The proposed framework combines deep neural networks and traditional image processing filters, which define the type and magnitude of the adversarial perturbation. We also introduce a semantic adversarial loss that guides the training of a fully convolutional neural network to generate adversarial images that will be classified with a label that is semantically different from the label of the original (clean) image. We analyse the limitations of existing methods that do not account for the semantics of the labels and evaluate the proposed framework, FilterFool, on ImageNet and with three object classifiers, namely ResNet50, ResNet18 and AlexNet. We discuss its success rate, robustness and transferability to unseen classifiers.      
### 28.Self-Sampling for Neural Point Cloud Consolidation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06471.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a deep learning technique for consolidating and sharp feature generation of point clouds using only the input point cloud itself. Rather than explicitly define a prior that describes typical shape characteristics (i.e., piecewise-smoothness), or a heuristic policy for generating novel sharp points, we opt to learn both using a neural network with shared-weights. Instead of relying on a large collection of manually annotated data, we use the self-supervision present within a single shape, i.e., self-prior, to train the network, and learn the underlying distribution of sharp features specific to the given input point cloud. By learning to map a low-curvature subset of the input point cloud to a disjoint high-curvature subset, the network formalizes the shape-specific characteristics and infers how to generate sharp points. During test time, the network is repeatedly fed a random subset of points from the input and displaces them to generate an arbitrarily large set of novel sharp feature points. The local shared weights are optimized over the entire shape, learning non-local statistics and exploiting the recurrence of local-scale geometries. We demonstrate the ability to generate coherent sets of sharp feature points on a variety of shapes, while eliminating outliers and noise.      
### 29.SPINN: Synergistic Progressive Inference of Neural Networks over Device and Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06402.pdf)
>  Despite the soaring use of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in mobile applications, uniformly sustaining high-performance inference on mobile has been elusive due to the excessive computational demands of modern CNNs and the increasing diversity of deployed devices. A popular alternative comprises offloading CNN processing to powerful cloud-based servers. Nevertheless, by relying on the cloud to produce outputs, emerging mission-critical and high-mobility applications, such as drone obstacle avoidance or interactive applications, can suffer from the dynamic connectivity conditions and the uncertain availability of the cloud. In this paper, we propose SPINN, a distributed inference system that employs synergistic device-cloud computation together with a progressive inference method to deliver fast and robust CNN inference across diverse settings. The proposed system introduces a novel scheduler that co-optimises the early-exit policy and the CNN splitting at run time, in order to adapt to dynamic conditions and meet user-defined service-level requirements. Quantitative evaluation illustrates that SPINN outperforms its state-of-the-art collaborative inference counterparts by up to 2x in achieved throughput under varying network conditions, reduces the server cost by up to 6.8x and improves accuracy by 20.7% under latency constraints, while providing robust operation under uncertain connectivity conditions and significant energy savings compared to cloud-centric execution.      
### 30.Machine learning for COVID-19 detection and prognostication using chest radiographs and CT scans: a systematic methodological review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06388.pdf)
>  Background: Machine learning methods offer great potential for fast and accurate detection and prognostication of COVID-19 from standard-of-care chest radiographs (CXR) and computed tomography (CT) images. In this systematic review we critically evaluate the machine learning methodologies employed in the rapidly growing literature. <br>Methods: In this systematic review we reviewed EMBASE via OVID, MEDLINE via PubMed, bioRxiv, medRxiv and arXiv for published papers and preprints uploaded from Jan 1, 2020 to June 24, 2020. Studies which consider machine learning models for the diagnosis or prognosis of COVID-19 from CXR or CT images were included. A methodology quality review of each paper was performed against established benchmarks to ensure the review focusses only on high-quality reproducible papers. This study is registered with PROSPERO [CRD42020188887]. <br>Interpretation: Our review finds that none of the developed models discussed are of potential clinical use due to methodological flaws and underlying biases. This is a major weakness, given the urgency with which validated COVID-19 models are needed. Typically, we find that the documentation of a model's development is not sufficient to make the results reproducible and therefore of 168 candidate papers only 29 are deemed to be reproducible and subsequently considered in this review. We therefore encourage authors to use established machine learning checklists to ensure sufficient documentation is made available, and to follow the PROBAST (prediction model risk of bias assessment tool) framework to determine the underlying biases in their model development process and to mitigate these where possible. This is key to safe clinical implementation which is urgently needed.      
### 31.Integrating uncertainty in deep neural networks for MRI based stroke analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06332.pdf)
>  At present, the majority of the proposed Deep Learning (DL) methods provide point predictions without quantifying the models uncertainty. However, a quantification of the reliability of automated image analysis is essential, in particular in medicine when physicians rely on the results for making critical treatment decisions. In this work, we provide an entire framework to diagnose ischemic stroke patients incorporating Bayesian uncertainty into the analysis procedure. We present a Bayesian Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) yielding a probability for a stroke lesion on 2D Magnetic Resonance (MR) images with corresponding uncertainty information about the reliability of the prediction. For patient-level diagnoses, different aggregation methods are proposed and evaluated, which combine the single image-level predictions. Those methods take advantage of the uncertainty in image predictions and report model uncertainty at the patient-level. In a cohort of 511 patients, our Bayesian CNN achieved an accuracy of 95.33% at the image-level representing a significant improvement of 2% over a non-Bayesian counterpart. The best patient aggregation method yielded 95.89% of accuracy. Integrating uncertainty information about image predictions in aggregation models resulted in higher uncertainty measures to false patient classifications, which enabled to filter critical patient diagnoses that are supposed to be closer examined by a medical doctor. We therefore recommend using Bayesian approaches not only for improved image-level prediction and uncertainty estimation but also for the detection of uncertain aggregations at the patient-level.      
### 32.Automated detection and quantification of COVID-19 airspace disease on chest radiographs: A novel approach achieving radiologist-level performance using a CNN trained on digital reconstructed radiographs (DRRs) from CT-based ground-truth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06330.pdf)
>  Purpose: To leverage volumetric quantification of airspace disease (AD) derived from a superior modality (CT) serving as ground truth, projected onto digitally reconstructed radiographs (DRRs) to: 1) train a convolutional neural network to quantify airspace disease on paired CXRs; and 2) compare the DRR-trained CNN to expert human readers in the CXR evaluation of patients with confirmed COVID-19. <br>Materials and Methods: We retrospectively selected a cohort of 86 COVID-19 patients (with positive RT-PCR), from March-May 2020 at a tertiary hospital in the northeastern USA, who underwent chest CT and CXR within 48 hrs. The ground truth volumetric percentage of COVID-19 related AD (POv) was established by manual AD segmentation on CT. The resulting 3D masks were projected into 2D anterior-posterior digitally reconstructed radiographs (DRR) to compute area-based AD percentage (POa). A convolutional neural network (CNN) was trained with DRR images generated from a larger-scale CT dataset of COVID-19 and non-COVID-19 patients, automatically segmenting lungs, AD and quantifying POa on CXR. CNN POa results were compared to POa quantified on CXR by two expert readers and to the POv ground-truth, by computing correlations and mean absolute errors. <br>Results: Bootstrap mean absolute error (MAE) and correlations between POa and POv were 11.98% [11.05%-12.47%] and 0.77 [0.70-0.82] for average of expert readers, and 9.56%-9.78% [8.83%-10.22%] and 0.78-0.81 [0.73-0.85] for the CNN, respectively. <br>Conclusion: Our CNN trained with DRR using CT-derived airspace quantification achieved expert radiologist level of accuracy in the quantification of airspace disease on CXR, in patients with positive RT-PCR for COVID-19.      
### 33.Homotopic Gradients of Generative Density Priors for MR Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06284.pdf)
>  Deep learning, particularly the generative model, has demonstrated tremendous potential to significantly speed up image reconstruction with reduced measurements recently. Rather than the existing generative models that often optimize the density priors, in this work, by taking advantage of the denoising score matching, homotopic gradients of generative density priors (HGGDP) are proposed for magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) reconstruction. More precisely, to tackle the low-dimensional manifold and low data density region issues in generative density prior, we estimate the target gradients in higher-dimensional space. We train a more powerful noise conditional score network by forming high-dimensional tensor as the network input at the training phase. More artificial noise is also injected in the embedding space. At the reconstruction stage, a homotopy method is employed to pursue the density prior, such as to boost the reconstruction performance. Experiment results imply the remarkable performance of HGGDP in terms of high reconstruction accuracy; only 10% of the k-space data can still generate images of high quality as effectively as standard MRI reconstruction with the fully sampled data.      
### 34.Unsupervised vs. transfer learning for multimodal one-shot matching of speech and images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06258.pdf)
>  We consider the task of multimodal one-shot speech-image matching. An agent is shown a picture along with a spoken word describing the object in the picture, e.g. cookie, broccoli and ice-cream. After observing one paired speech-image example per class, it is shown a new set of unseen pictures, and asked to pick the "ice-cream". Previous work attempted to tackle this problem using transfer learning: supervised models are trained on labelled background data not containing any of the one-shot classes. Here we compare transfer learning to unsupervised models trained on unlabelled in-domain data. On a dataset of paired isolated spoken and visual digits, we specifically compare unsupervised autoencoder-like models to supervised classifier and Siamese neural networks. In both unimodal and multimodal few-shot matching experiments, we find that transfer learning outperforms unsupervised training. We also present experiments towards combining the two methodologies, but find that transfer learning still performs best (despite idealised experiments showing the benefits of unsupervised learning).      
### 35.WAN: Watermarking Attack Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06255.pdf)
>  Multi-bit watermarking (MW) has been developed to improve robustness against signal processing operations and geometric distortions. To this end, several benchmark tools that simulate possible attacks on images to test robustness are available. However, limitations in these general attacks exist since they cannot exploit specific characteristics of the targeted MW. In addition, these attacks are usually devised without consideration for visual quality, which rarely occurs in the real world. To address these limitations, we propose a watermarking attack network (WAN), a fully trainable watermarking benchmark tool, that utilizes the weak points of the target MW and removes inserted watermark and inserts inverted bit information, thereby considerably reducing watermark extractability. To hinder the extraction of hidden information while ensuring high visual quality, we utilize a residual dense blocks-based architecture specialized in local and global feature learning. A novel watermarking attack loss is introduced to break the MW systems. We empirically demonstrate that the WAN can successfully fool a variety of MW systems.      
### 36.Unsupervised Image Restoration Using Partially Linear Denoisers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06164.pdf)
>  Deep neural network based methods are the state of the art in various image restoration problems. Standard supervised learning frameworks require a set of noisy measurement and clean image pairs for which a distance between the output of the restoration model and the ground truth, clean images is minimized. The ground truth images, however, are often unavailable or very expensive to acquire in real-world applications. We circumvent this problem by proposing a class of structured denoisers that can be decomposed as the sum of a nonlinear image-dependent mapping, a linear noise-dependent term and a small residual term. We show that these denoisers can be trained with only noisy images under the condition that the noise has zero mean and known variance. The exact distribution of the noise, however, is not assumed to be known. We show the superiority of our approach for image denoising, and demonstrate its extension to solving other restoration problems such as blind deblurring where the ground truth is not available. Our method outperforms some recent unsupervised and self-supervised deep denoising models that do not require clean images for their training. For blind deblurring problems, the method, using only one noisy and blurry observation per image, reaches a quality not far away from its fully supervised counterparts on a benchmark dataset.      
### 37.Interpretation of Brain Morphology in Association to Alzheimer's Disease Dementia Classification Using Graph Convolutional Networks on Triangulated Meshes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06151.pdf)
>  We propose a mesh-based technique to aid in the classification of Alzheimer's disease dementia (ADD) using mesh representations of the cortex and subcortical structures. Deep learning methods for classification tasks that utilize structural neuroimaging often require extensive learning parameters to optimize. Frequently, these approaches for automated medical diagnosis also lack visual interpretability for areas in the brain involved in making a diagnosis. This work: (a) analyzes brain shape using surface information of the cortex and subcortical structures, (b) proposes a residual learning framework for state-of-the-art graph convolutional networks which offer a significant reduction in learnable parameters, and (c) offers visual interpretability of the network via class-specific gradient information that localizes important regions of interest in our inputs. With our proposed method leveraging the use of cortical and subcortical surface information, we outperform other machine learning methods with a 96.35% testing accuracy for the ADD vs. healthy control problem. We confirm the validity of our model by observing its performance in a 25-trial Monte Carlo cross-validation. The generated visualization maps in our study show correspondences with current knowledge regarding the structural localization of pathological changes in the brain associated to dementia of the Alzheimer's type.      
### 38.Landmark detection in Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Imaging Using A Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06142.pdf)
>  Purpose: To develop a convolutional neural network (CNN) solution for robust landmark detection in cardiac MR images. <br>Methods: This retrospective study included cine, LGE and T1 mapping scans from two hospitals. The training set included 2,329 patients and 34,019 images. A hold-out test set included 531 patients and 7,723 images. CNN models were developed to detect two mitral valve plane and apical points on long-axis (LAX) images. On short-axis (SAX) images, anterior and posterior RV insertion points and LV center were detected. Model outputs were compared to manual labels by two operators for accuracy with a t-test for statistical significance. The trained model was deployed to MR scanners. <br>Results: For the LAX images, success detection was 99.8% for cine, 99.4% for LGE. For the SAX, success rate was 96.6%, 97.6% and 98.9% for cine, LGE and T1-mapping. The L2 distances between model and manual labels were 2 to 3.5 mm, indicating close agreement between model landmarks to manual labels. No significant differences were found for the anterior RV insertion angle and LV length by the models and operators for all views and imaging sequences. Model inference on MR scanner took 610ms/5.6s on GPU/CPU, respectively, for a typical cardiac cine series. <br>Conclusions: This study developed, validated and deployed a CNN solution for robust landmark detection in both long and short-axis CMR images for cine, LGE and T1 mapping sequences, with the accuracy comparable to the inter-operator variation.      
### 39.Can weight sharing outperform random architecture search? An investigation with TuNAS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06120.pdf)
>  Efficient Neural Architecture Search methods based on weight sharing have shown good promise in democratizing Neural Architecture Search for computer vision models. There is, however, an ongoing debate whether these efficient methods are significantly better than random search. Here we perform a thorough comparison between efficient and random search methods on a family of progressively larger and more challenging search spaces for image classification and detection on ImageNet and COCO. While the efficacies of both methods are problem-dependent, our experiments demonstrate that there are large, realistic tasks where efficient search methods can provide substantial gains over random search. In addition, we propose and evaluate techniques which improve the quality of searched architectures and reduce the need for manual hyper-parameter tuning. <br>Source code and experiment data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/google-research/google-research/tree/master/tunas" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 40.MIXCAPS: A Capsule Network-based Mixture of Experts for Lung Nodule Malignancy Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06072.pdf)
>  Lung diseases including infections such as Pneumonia, Tuberculosis, and novel Coronavirus (COVID-19), together with Lung Cancer are significantly widespread and are, typically, considered life threatening. In particular, lung cancer is among the most common and deadliest cancers with a low 5-year survival rate. Timely diagnosis of lung cancer is, therefore, of paramount importance as it can save countless lives. In this regard, deep learning radiomics solutions have the promise of extracting the most useful features on their own in an end-to-end fashion without having access to the annotated boundaries. Among different deep learning models, Capsule Networks are proposed to overcome shortcomings of the Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) such as their inability to recognize detailed spatial relations. Capsule networks have so far shown satisfying performance in medical imaging problems. Capitalizing on their success, in this study, we propose a novel capsule network-based mixture of experts, referred to as the MIXCAPS. The proposed MIXCAPS architecture takes advantage of not only the capsule network's capabilities to handle small datasets, but also automatically splitting dataset through a convolutional gating network. MIXCAPS enables capsule network experts to specialize on different subsets of the data. Our results show that MIXCAPS outperforms a single capsule network and a mixture of CNNs, with an accuracy of 92.88%, sensitivity of 93.2%, specificity of 92.3% and area under the curve of 0.963. Our experiments also show that there is a relation between the gate outputs and a couple of hand-crafted features, illustrating explainable nature of the proposed MIXCAPS. To further evaluate generalization capabilities of the proposed MIXCAPS architecture, additional experiments on a brain tumor dataset are performed showing potentials of MIXCAPS for detection of tumors related to other organs.      
