# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 26 Aug 2020
### 1.Learning to Learn in a Semi-Supervised Fashion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11203.pdf)
>  To address semi-supervised learning from both labeled and unlabeled data, we present a novel meta-learning scheme. We particularly consider that labeled and unlabeled data share disjoint ground truth label sets, which can be seen tasks like in person re-identification or image retrieval. Our learning scheme exploits the idea of leveraging information from labeled to unlabeled data. Instead of fitting the associated class-wise similarity scores as most meta-learning algorithms do, we propose to derive semantics-oriented similarity representations from labeled data, and transfer such representation to unlabeled ones. Thus, our strategy can be viewed as a self-supervised learning scheme, which can be applied to fully supervised learning tasks for improved performance. Our experiments on various tasks and settings confirm the effectiveness of our proposed approach and its superiority over the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 2.Deep Active Learning in Remote Sensing for data efficient Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11201.pdf)
>  We investigate active learning in the context of deep neural network models for change detection and map updating. Active learning is a natural choice for a number of remote sensing tasks, including the detection of local surface changes: changes are on the one hand rare and on the other hand their appearance is varied and diffuse, making it hard to collect a representative training set in advance. In the active learning setting, one starts from a minimal set of training examples and progressively chooses informative samples that are annotated by a user and added to the training set. Hence, a core component of an active learning system is a mechanism to estimate model uncertainty, which is then used to pick uncertain, informative samples. We study different mechanisms to capture and quantify this uncertainty when working with deep networks, based on the variance or entropy across explicit or implicit model ensembles. We show that active learning successfully finds highly informative samples and automatically balances the training distribution, and reaches the same performance as a model supervised with a large, pre-annotated training set, with $\approx$99% fewer annotated samples.      
### 3.GRAB: A Dataset of Whole-Body Human Grasping of Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11200.pdf)
>  Training computers to understand, model, and synthesize human grasping requires a rich dataset containing complex 3D object shapes, detailed contact information, hand pose and shape, and the 3D body motion over time. While "grasping" is commonly thought of as a single hand stably lifting an object, we capture the motion of the entire body and adopt the generalized notion of "whole-body grasps". Thus, we collect a new dataset, called GRAB (GRasping Actions with Bodies), of whole-body grasps, containing full 3D shape and pose sequences of 10 subjects interacting with 51 everyday objects of varying shape and size. Given MoCap markers, we fit the full 3D body shape and pose, including the articulated face and hands, as well as the 3D object pose. This gives detailed 3D meshes over time, from which we compute contact between the body and object. This is a unique dataset, that goes well beyond existing ones for modeling and understanding how humans grasp and manipulate objects, how their full body is involved, and how interaction varies with the task. We illustrate the practical value of GRAB with an example application; we train GrabNet, a conditional generative network, to predict 3D hand grasps for unseen 3D object shapes. The dataset and code are available for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://grab.is.tue.mpg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Bias-Awareness for Zero-Shot Learning the Seen and Unseen  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11185.pdf)
>  Generalized zero-shot learning recognizes inputs from both seen and unseen classes. Yet, existing methods tend to be biased towards the classes seen during training. In this paper, we strive to mitigate this bias. We propose a bias-aware learner to map inputs to a semantic embedding space for generalized zero-shot learning. During training, the model learns to regress to real-valued class prototypes in the embedding space with temperature scaling, while a margin-based bidirectional entropy term regularizes seen and unseen probabilities. Relying on a real-valued semantic embedding space provides a versatile approach, as the model can operate on different types of semantic information for both seen and unseen classes. Experiments are carried out on four benchmarks for generalized zero-shot learning and demonstrate the benefits of the proposed bias-aware classifier, both as a stand-alone method or in combination with generated features.      
### 5.Boundary Uncertainty in a Single-Stage Temporal Action Localization Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11170.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of temporal action localization with a single stage neural network. In the proposed architecture we model the boundary predictions as uni-variate Gaussian distributions in order to model their uncertainties, which is the first in this area to the best of our knowledge. We use two uncertainty-aware boundary regression losses: first, the Kullback-Leibler divergence between the ground truth location of the boundary and the Gaussian modeling the prediction of the boundary and second, the expectation of the $\ell_1$ loss under the same Gaussian. We show that with both uncertainty modeling approaches improve the detection performance by more than $1.5\%$ in mAP@tIoU=0.5 and that the proposed simple one-stage network performs closely to more complex one and two stage networks.      
### 6.FastSal: a Computationally Efficient Network for Visual Saliency Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11151.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on the problem of visual saliency prediction, predicting regions of an image that tend to attract human visual attention, under a constrained computational budget. We modify and test various recent efficient convolutional neural network architectures like EfficientNet and MobileNetV2 and compare them with existing state-of-the-art saliency models such as SalGAN and DeepGaze II both in terms of standard accuracy metrics like AUC and NSS, and in terms of the computational complexity and model size. We find that MobileNetV2 makes an excellent backbone for a visual saliency model and can be effective even without a complex decoder. We also show that knowledge transfer from a more computationally expensive model like DeepGaze II can be achieved via pseudo-labelling an unlabelled dataset, and that this approach gives result on-par with many state-of-the-art algorithms with a fraction of the computational cost and model size. Source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/feiyanhu/FastSal" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Spatiotemporal Action Recognition in Restaurant Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11149.pdf)
>  Spatiotemporal action recognition is the task of locating and classifying actions in videos. Our project applies this task to analyzing video footage of restaurant workers preparing food, for which potential applications include automated checkout and inventory management. Such videos are quite different from the standardized datasets that researchers are used to, as they involve small objects, rapid actions, and notoriously unbalanced data classes. We explore two approaches. The first approach involves the familiar object detector You Only Look Once, and another applying a recently proposed analogue for action recognition, You Only Watch Once. In the first, we design and implement a novel, recurrent modification of YOLO using convolutional LSTMs and explore the various subtleties in the training of such a network. In the second, we study the ability of YOWOs three dimensional convolutions to capture the spatiotemporal features of our unique dataset      
### 8.Masked Face Recognition for Secure Authentication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11104.pdf)
>  With the recent world-wide COVID-19 pandemic, using face masks have become an important part of our lives. People are encouraged to cover their faces when in public area to avoid the spread of infection. The use of these face masks has raised a serious question on the accuracy of the facial recognition system used for tracking school/office attendance and to unlock phones. Many organizations use facial recognition as a means of authentication and have already developed the necessary datasets in-house to be able to deploy such a system. Unfortunately, masked faces make it difficult to be detected and recognized, thereby threatening to make the in-house datasets invalid and making such facial recognition systems inoperable. This paper addresses a methodology to use the current facial datasets by augmenting it with tools that enable masked faces to be recognized with low false-positive rates and high overall accuracy, without requiring the user dataset to be recreated by taking new pictures for authentication. We present an open-source tool, MaskTheFace to mask faces effectively creating a large dataset of masked faces. The dataset generated with this tool is then used towards training an effective facial recognition system with target accuracy for masked faces. We report an increase of 38% in the true positive rate for the Facenet system. We also test the accuracy of re-trained system on a custom real-world dataset MFR2 and report similar accuracy.      
### 9.Improving Deep Stereo Network Generalization with Geometric Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11098.pdf)
>  End-to-end deep learning methods have advanced stereo vision in recent years and obtained excellent results when the training and test data are similar. However, large datasets of diverse real-world scenes with dense ground truth are difficult to obtain and currently not publicly available to the research community. As a result, many algorithms rely on small real-world datasets of similar scenes or synthetic datasets, but end-to-end algorithms trained on such datasets often generalize poorly to different images that arise in real-world applications. As a step towards addressing this problem, we propose to incorporate prior knowledge of scene geometry into an end-to-end stereo network to help networks generalize better. For a given network, we explicitly add a gradient-domain smoothness prior and occlusion reasoning into the network training, while the architecture remains unchanged during inference. Experimentally, we show consistent improvements if we train on synthetic datasets and test on the Middlebury (real images) dataset. Noticeably, we improve PSM-Net accuracy on Middlebury from 5.37 MAE to 3.21 MAE without sacrificing speed.      
### 10.Using the discrete radon transformation for grayscale image moments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11083.pdf)
>  Image moments are weighted sums over pixel values in a given image and are used in object detection and localization. Raw image moments are derived directly from the image and are fundamental in deriving moment invariants quantities. The current general algorithm for raw image moments is computationally expensive and the number of multiplications needed scales with the number of pixels in the image. For an image of size (N,M), it has O(NM) multiplications. In this paper we outline an algorithm using the Discrete Radon Transformation for computing the raw image moments of a grayscale image. It reduces two dimensional moment calculations to linear combinations of one dimensional moment calculations. We show that the number of multiplications needed scales as O(N + M), making it faster then the most widely used algorithm of raw image moments.      
### 11.Mask-guided sample selection for Semi-Supervised Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11073.pdf)
>  Image segmentation methods are usually trained with pixel-level annotations, which require significant human effort to collect. The most common solution to address this constraint is to implement weakly-supervised pipelines trained with lower forms of supervision, such as bounding boxes or scribbles. Another option are semi-supervised methods, which leverage a large amount of unlabeled data and a limited number of strongly-labeled samples. In this second setup, samples to be strongly-annotated can be selected randomly or with an active learning mechanism that chooses the ones that will maximize the model performance. In this work, we propose a sample selection approach to decide which samples to annotate for semi-supervised instance segmentation. Our method consists in first predicting pseudo-masks for the unlabeled pool of samples, together with a score predicting the quality of the mask. This score is an estimate of the Intersection Over Union (IoU) of the segment with the ground truth mask. We study which samples are better to annotate given the quality score, and show how our approach outperforms a random selection, leading to improved performance for semi-supervised instance segmentation with low annotation budgets.      
### 12.On estimating gaze by self-attention augmented convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11055.pdf)
>  Estimation of 3D gaze is highly relevant to multiple fields, including but not limited to interactive systems, specialized human-computer interfaces, and behavioral research. Although recently deep learning methods have boosted the accuracy of appearance-based gaze estimation, there is still room for improvement in the network architectures for this particular task. Therefore we propose here a novel network architecture grounded on self-attention augmented convolutions to improve the quality of the learned features during the training of a shallower residual network. The rationale is that self-attention mechanism can help outperform deeper architectures by learning dependencies between distant regions in full-face images. This mechanism can also create better and more spatially-aware feature representations derived from the face and eye images before gaze regression. We dubbed our framework ARes-gaze, which explores our Attention-augmented ResNet (ARes-14) as twin convolutional backbones. In our experiments, results showed a decrease of the average angular error by 2.38% when compared to state-of-the-art methods on the MPIIFaceGaze data set, and a second-place on the EyeDiap data set. It is noteworthy that our proposed framework was the only one to reach high accuracy simultaneously on both data sets.      
### 13.Label Decoupling Framework for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11048.pdf)
>  To get more accurate saliency maps, recent methods mainly focus on aggregating multi-level features from fully convolutional network (FCN) and introducing edge information as auxiliary supervision. Though remarkable progress has been achieved, we observe that the closer the pixel is to the edge, the more difficult it is to be predicted, because edge pixels have a very imbalance distribution. To address this problem, we propose a label decoupling framework (LDF) which consists of a label decoupling (LD) procedure and a feature interaction network (FIN). LD explicitly decomposes the original saliency map into body map and detail map, where body map concentrates on center areas of objects and detail map focuses on regions around edges. Detail map works better because it involves much more pixels than traditional edge supervision. Different from saliency map, body map discards edge pixels and only pays attention to center areas. This successfully avoids the distraction from edge pixels during training. Therefore, we employ two branches in FIN to deal with body map and detail map respectively. Feature interaction (FI) is designed to fuse the two complementary branches to predict the saliency map, which is then used to refine the two branches again. This iterative refinement is helpful for learning better representations and more precise saliency maps. Comprehensive experiments on six benchmark datasets demonstrate that LDF outperforms state-of-the-art approaches on different evaluation metrics.      
### 14.Polarimetric SAR Image Semantic Segmentation with 3D Discrete Wavelet Transform and Markov Random Field  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11014.pdf)
>  Polarimetric synthetic aperture radar (PolSAR) image segmentation is currently of great importance in image processing for remote sensing applications. However, it is a challenging task due to two main reasons. Firstly, the label information is difficult to acquire due to high annotation costs. Secondly, the speckle effect embedded in the PolSAR imaging process remarkably degrades the segmentation performance. To address these two issues, we present a contextual PolSAR image semantic segmentation method in this paper.With a newly defined channelwise consistent feature set as input, the three-dimensional discrete wavelet transform (3D-DWT) technique is employed to extract discriminative multi-scale features that are robust to speckle noise. Then Markov random field (MRF) is further applied to enforce label smoothness spatially during segmentation. By simultaneously utilizing 3D-DWT features and MRF priors for the first time, contextual information is fully integrated during the segmentation to ensure accurate and smooth segmentation. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct extensive experiments on three real benchmark PolSAR image data sets. Experimental results indicate that the proposed method achieves promising segmentation accuracy and preferable spatial consistency using a minimal number of labeled pixels.      
### 15.Protect, Show, Attend and Tell: Image Captioning Model with Ownership Protection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11009.pdf)
>  By and large, existing Intellectual Property Right (IPR) protection on deep neural networks typically i) focus on image classification task only, and ii) follow a standard digital watermarking framework that were conventionally used to protect the ownership of multimedia and video content. This paper demonstrates that current digital watermarking framework is insufficient to protect image captioning task that often regarded as one of the frontier A.I. problems. As a remedy, this paper studies and proposes two different embedding schemes in the hidden memory state of a recurrent neural network to protect image captioning model. From both theoretically and empirically points, we prove that a forged key will yield an unusable image captioning model, defeating the purpose on infringement. To the best of our knowledge, this work is the first to propose ownership protection on image captioning task. Also, extensive experiments show that the proposed method does not compromise the original image captioning performance on all common captioning metrics on Flickr30k and MS-COCO datasets, and at the same time it is able to withstand both removal and ambiguity attacks.      
### 16.Active Class Incremental Learning for Imbalanced Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10968.pdf)
>  Incremental Learning (IL) allows AI systems to adapt to streamed data. Most existing algorithms make two strong hypotheses which reduce the realism of the incremental scenario: (1) new data are assumed to be readily annotated when streamed and (2) tests are run with balanced datasets while most real-life datasets are actually imbalanced. These hypotheses are discarded and the resulting challenges are tackled with a combination of active and imbalanced learning. We introduce sample acquisition functions which tackle imbalance and are compatible with IL constraints. We also consider IL as an imbalanced learning problem instead of the established usage of knowledge distillation against catastrophic forgetting. Here, imbalance effects are reduced during inference through class prediction scaling. Evaluation is done with four visual datasets and compares existing and proposed sample acquisition functions. Results indicate that the proposed contributions have a positive effect and reduce the gap between active and standard IL performance.      
### 17.In-Home Daily-Life Captioning Using Radio Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10966.pdf)
>  This paper aims to caption daily life --i.e., to create a textual description of people's activities and interactions with objects in their homes. Addressing this problem requires novel methods beyond traditional video captioning, as most people would have privacy concerns about deploying cameras throughout their homes. We introduce RF-Diary, a new model for captioning daily life by analyzing the privacy-preserving radio signal in the home with the home's floormap. RF-Diary can further observe and caption people's life through walls and occlusions and in dark settings. In designing RF-Diary, we exploit the ability of radio signals to capture people's 3D dynamics, and use the floormap to help the model learn people's interactions with objects. We also use a multi-modal feature alignment training scheme that leverages existing video-based captioning datasets to improve the performance of our radio-based captioning model. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that RF-Diary generates accurate captions under visible conditions. It also sustains its good performance in dark or occluded settings, where video-based captioning approaches fail to generate meaningful captions. For more information, please visit our project webpage: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://rf-diary.csail.mit.edu" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 18.AgingMapGAN (AMGAN): High-Resolution Controllable Face Aging with Spatially-Aware Conditional GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10960.pdf)
>  Existing approaches and datasets for face aging produce results skewed towards the mean, with individual variations and expression wrinkles often invisible or overlooked in favor of global patterns such as the fattening of the face. Moreover, they offer little to no control over the way the faces are aged and can difficultly be scaled to large images, thus preventing their usage in many real-world applications. To address these limitations, we present an approach to change the appearance of a high-resolution image using ethnicity-specific aging information and weak spatial supervision to guide the aging process. We demonstrate the advantage of our proposed method in terms of quality, control, and how it can be used on high-definition images while limiting the computational overhead.      
### 19.Think about boundary: Fusing multi-level boundary information for landmark heatmap regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10924.pdf)
>  Although current face alignment algorithms have obtained pretty good performances at predicting the location of facial landmarks, huge challenges remain for faces with severe occlusion and large pose variations, etc. On the contrary, semantic location of facial boundary is more likely to be reserved and estimated on these scenes. Therefore, we study a two-stage but end-to-end approach for exploring the relationship between the facial boundary and landmarks to get boundary-aware landmark predictions, which consists of two modules: the self-calibrated boundary estimation (SCBE) module and the boundary-aware landmark transform (BALT) module. In the SCBE module, we modify the stem layers and employ intermediate supervision to help generate high-quality facial boundary heatmaps. Boundary-aware features inherited from the SCBE module are integrated into the BALT module in a multi-scale fusion framework to better model the transformation from boundary to landmark heatmap. Experimental results conducted on the challenging benchmark datasets demonstrate that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods in the literature.      
### 20.Towards End-to-end Car License Plate Location and Recognition in Unconstrained Scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10916.pdf)
>  Benefiting from the rapid development of convolutional neural networks, the performance of car license plate detection and recognition has been largely improved. Nonetheless, challenges still exist especially for real-world applications. In this paper, we present an efficient and accurate framework to solve the license plate detection and recognition tasks simultaneously. It is a lightweight and unified deep neural network, that can be optimized end-to-end and work in real-time. Specifically, for unconstrained scenarios, an anchor-free method is adopted to efficiently detect the bounding box and four corners of a license plate, which are used to extract and rectify the target region features. Then, a novel convolutional neural network branch is designed to further extract features of characters without segmentation. Finally, recognition task is treated as sequence labelling problems, which are solved by Connectionist Temporal Classification (CTC) directly. Several public datasets including images collected from different scenarios under various conditions are chosen for evaluation. A large number of experiments indicate that the proposed method significantly outperforms the previous state-of-the-art methods in both speed and precision.      
### 21.MonStereo: When Monocular and Stereo Meet at the Tail of 3D Human Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10913.pdf)
>  Monocular and stereo vision are cost-effective solutions for 3D human localization in the context of self-driving cars or social robots. However, they are usually developed independently and have their respective strengths and limitations. We propose a novel unified learning framework that leverages the strengths of both monocular and stereo cues for 3D human localization. Our method jointly (i) associates humans in left-right images, (ii) deals with occluded and distant cases in stereo settings by relying on the robustness of monocular cues, and (iii) tackles the intrinsic ambiguity of monocular perspective projection by exploiting prior knowledge of human height distribution. We achieve state-of-the-art quantitative results for the 3D localization task on KITTI dataset and estimate confidence intervals that account for challenging instances. We show qualitative examples for the long tail challenges such as occluded, far-away, and children instances.      
### 22.Confidence-aware Adversarial Learning for Self-supervised Semantic Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10902.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim to address the challenging task of semantic matching where matching ambiguity is difficult to resolve even with learned deep features. We tackle this problem by taking into account the confidence in predictions and develop a novel refinement strategy to correct partial matching errors. Specifically, we introduce a Confidence-Aware Semantic Matching Network (CAMNet) which instantiates two key ideas of our approach. First, we propose to estimate a dense confidence map for a matching prediction through self-supervised learning. Second, based on the estimated confidence, we refine initial predictions by propagating reliable matching to the rest of locations on the image plane. In addition, we develop a new hybrid loss in which we integrate a semantic alignment loss with a confidence loss, and an adversarial loss that measures the quality of semantic correspondence. We are the first that exploit confidence during refinement to improve semantic matching accuracy and develop an end-to-end self-supervised adversarial learning procedure for the entire matching network. We evaluate our method on two public benchmarks, on which we achieve top performance over the prior state of the art. We will release our source code at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShuaiyiHuang/CAMNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Two-Stream Networks for Lane-Change Prediction of Surrounding Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10869.pdf)
>  In highway scenarios, an alert human driver will typically anticipate early cut-in and cut-out maneuvers of surrounding vehicles using only visual cues. An automated system must anticipate these situations at an early stage too, to increase the safety and the efficiency of its performance. To deal with lane-change recognition and prediction of surrounding vehicles, we pose the problem as an action recognition/prediction problem by stacking visual cues from video cameras. Two video action recognition approaches are analyzed: two-stream convolutional networks and spatiotemporal multiplier networks. Different sizes of the regions around the vehicles are analyzed, evaluating the importance of the interaction between vehicles and the context information in the performance. In addition, different prediction horizons are evaluated. The obtained results demonstrate the potential of these methodologies to serve as robust predictors of future lane-changes of surrounding vehicles in time horizons between 1 and 2 seconds.      
### 24.Discriminability Distillation in Group Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10850.pdf)
>  Learning group representation is a commonly concerned issue in tasks where the basic unit is a group, set, or sequence. Previously, the research community tries to tackle it by aggregating the elements in a group based on an indicator either defined by humans such as the quality and saliency, or generated by a black box such as the attention score. This article provides a more essential and explicable view. We claim the most significant indicator to show whether the group representation can be benefited from one of its element is not the quality or an inexplicable score, but the discriminability w.r.t. the model. We explicitly design the discrimiability using embedded class centroids on a proxy set. We show the discrimiability knowledge has good properties that can be distilled by a light-weight distillation network and can be generalized on the unseen target set. The whole procedure is denoted as discriminability distillation learning (DDL). The proposed DDL can be flexibly plugged into many group-based recognition tasks without influencing the original training procedures. Comprehensive experiments on various tasks have proven the effectiveness of DDL for both accuracy and efficiency. Moreover, it pushes forward the state-of-the-art results on these tasks by an impressive margin.      
### 25.Graphical Object Detection in Document Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10843.pdf)
>  Graphical elements: particularly tables and figures contain a visual summary of the most valuable information contained in a document. Therefore, localization of such graphical objects in the document images is the initial step to understand the content of such graphical objects or document images. In this paper, we present a novel end-to-end trainable deep learning based framework to localize graphical objects in the document images called as Graphical Object Detection (GOD). Our framework is data-driven and does not require any heuristics or meta-data to locate graphical objects in the document images. The GOD explores the concept of transfer learning and domain adaptation to handle scarcity of labeled training images for graphical object detection task in the document images. Performance analysis carried out on the various public benchmark data sets: ICDAR-2013, ICDAR-POD2017,and UNLV shows that our model yields promising results as compared to state-of-the-art techniques.      
### 26.Adaptive Context-Aware Multi-Modal Network for Depth Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10833.pdf)
>  Depth completion aims to recover a dense depth map from the sparse depth data and the corresponding single RGB image. The observed pixels provide the significant guidance for the recovery of the unobserved pixels' depth. However, due to the sparsity of the depth data, the standard convolution operation, exploited by most of existing methods, is not effective to model the observed contexts with depth values. To address this issue, we propose to adopt the graph propagation to capture the observed spatial contexts. Specifically, we first construct multiple graphs at different scales from observed pixels. Since the graph structure varies from sample to sample, we then apply the attention mechanism on the propagation, which encourages the network to model the contextual information adaptively. Furthermore, considering the mutli-modality of input data, we exploit the graph propagation on the two modalities respectively to extract multi-modal representations. Finally, we introduce the symmetric gated fusion strategy to exploit the extracted multi-modal features effectively. The proposed strategy preserves the original information for one modality and also absorbs complementary information from the other through learning the adaptive gating weights. Our model, named Adaptive Context-Aware Multi-Modal Network (ACMNet), achieves the state-of-the-art performance on two benchmarks, {\it i.e.}, KITTI and NYU-v2, and at the same time has fewer parameters than latest models. Our code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sshan-zhao/ACMNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 27.CDeC-Net: Composite Deformable Cascade Network for Table Detection in Document Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10831.pdf)
>  Localizing page elements/objects such as tables, figures, equations, etc. is the primary step in extracting information from document images. We propose a novel end-to-end trainable deep network, (CDeC-Net) for detecting tables present in the documents. The proposed network consists of a multistage extension of Mask R-CNN with a dual backbone having deformable convolution for detecting tables varying in scale with high detection accuracy at higher IoU threshold. We empirically evaluate CDeC-Net on all the publicly available benchmark datasets - ICDAR-2013, ICDAR-2017, ICDAR-2019,UNLV, Marmot, PubLayNet, and TableBank - with extensive experiments. <br>Our solution has three important properties: (i) a single trained model CDeC-Net‡ performs well across all the popular benchmark datasets; (ii) we report excellent performances across multiple, including higher, thresholds of IoU; (iii) by following the same protocol of the recent papers for each of the benchmarks, we consistently demonstrate the superior quantitative performance. Our code and models will be publicly released for enabling the reproducibility of the results.      
### 28.A Critical Analysis of Patch Similarity Based Image Denoising Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10824.pdf)
>  Image denoising is a classical signal processing problem that has received significant interest within the image processing community during the past two decades. Most of the algorithms for image denoising has focused on the paradigm of non-local similarity, where image blocks in the neighborhood that are similar, are collected to build a basis for reconstruction. Through rigorous experimentation, this paper reviews multiple aspects of image denoising algorithm development based on non-local similarity. Firstly, the concept of non-local similarity as a foundational quality that exists in natural images has not received adequate attention. Secondly, the image denoising algorithms that are developed are a combination of multiple building blocks, making comparison among them a tedious task. Finally, most of the work surrounding image denoising presents performance results based on Peak-Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR) between a denoised image and a reference image (which is perturbed with Additive White Gaussian Noise). This paper starts with a statistical analysis on non-local similarity and its effectiveness under various noise levels, followed by a theoretical comparison of different state-of-the-art image denoising algorithms. Finally, we argue for a methodological overhaul to incorporate no-reference image quality measures and unprocessed images (raw) during performance evaluation of image denoising algorithms.      
### 29.Data Science for Motion and Time Analysis with Modern Motion Sensor Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10786.pdf)
>  The motion-and-time analysis has been a popular research topic in operations research, especially for analyzing work performances in manufacturing and service operations. It is regaining attention as continuous improvement tools for lean manufacturing and smart factory. This paper develops a framework for data-driven analysis of work motions and studies their correlations to work speeds or execution rates, using data collected from modern motion sensors. The past analyses largely relied on manual steps involving time-consuming stop-watching and video-taping, followed by manual data analysis. While modern sensing devices have automated the collection of motion data, the motion analytics that transform the new data into knowledge are largely underdeveloped. Unsolved technical questions include: How the motion and time information can be extracted from the motion sensor data, how work motions and execution rates are statistically modeled and compared, and what are the statistical correlations of motions to the rates? In this paper, we develop a novel mathematical framework for motion and time analysis with motion sensor data, by defining new mathematical representation spaces of human motions and execution rates and by developing statistical tools on these new spaces. This methodological research is demonstrated using five use cases applied to manufacturing motion data.      
### 30.Learning Target Domain Specific Classifier for Partial Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10785.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation~(UDA) aims at reducing the distribution discrepancy when transferring knowledge from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. Previous UDA methods assume that the source and target domains share an identical label space, which is unrealistic in practice since the label information of the target domain is agnostic. This paper focuses on a more realistic UDA scenario, i.e. partial domain adaptation (PDA), where the target label space is subsumed to the source label space. In the PDA scenario, the source outliers that are absent in the target domain may be wrongly matched to the target domain (technically named negative transfer), leading to performance degradation of UDA methods. This paper proposes a novel Target Domain Specific Classifier Learning-based Domain Adaptation (TSCDA) method. TSCDA presents a soft-weighed maximum mean discrepancy criterion to partially align feature distributions and alleviate negative transfer. Also, it learns a target-specific classifier for the target domain with pseudo-labels and multiple auxiliary classifiers, to further address classifier shift. A module named Peers Assisted Learning is used to minimize the prediction difference between multiple target-specific classifiers, which makes the classifiers more discriminant for the target domain. Extensive experiments conducted on three PDA benchmark datasets show that TSCDA outperforms other state-of-the-art methods with a large margin, e.g. $4\%$ and $5.6\%$ averagely on Office-31 and Office-Home, respectively.      
### 31.Image Colorization: A Survey and Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10774.pdf)
>  Image colorization is an essential image processing and computer vision branch to colorize images and videos. Recently, deep learning techniques progressed notably for image colorization. This article presents a comprehensive survey of recent state-of-the-art colorization using deep learning algorithms, describing their fundamental block architectures in terms of skip connections, input \etc as well as optimizers, loss functions, training protocols, and training data \etc Generally, we can roughly categorize the existing colorization techniques into seven classes. Besides, we also provide some additional essential issues, such as benchmark datasets and evaluation metrics. We also introduce a new dataset specific to colorization and perform an experimental evaluation of the publicly available methods. In the last section, we discuss the limitations, possible solutions, and future research directions of the rapidly evolving topic of deep image colorization that the community should further address. Dataset and Codes for evaluation will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/saeed-anwar/ColorSurvey" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 32.LULC Segmentation of RGB Satellite Image Using FCN-8  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10736.pdf)
>  This work presents use of Fully Convolutional Network (FCN-8) for semantic segmentation of high-resolution RGB earth surface satel-lite images into land use land cover (LULC) categories. Specically, we propose a non-overlapping grid-based approach to train a Fully Convo-lutional Network (FCN-8) with vgg-16 weights to segment satellite im-ages into four (forest, built-up, farmland and water) classes. The FCN-8 semantically projects the discriminating features in lower resolution learned by the encoder onto the pixel space in higher resolution to get a dense classi cation. We experimented the proposed system with Gaofen-2 image dataset, that contains 150 images of over 60 di erent cities in china. For comparison, we used available ground-truth along with images segmented using a widely used commeriial GIS software called eCogni-tion. With the proposed non-overlapping grid-based approach, FCN-8 obtains signi cantly improved performance, than the eCognition soft-ware. Our model achieves average accuracy of 91.0% and average Inter-section over Union (IoU) of 0.84. In contrast, eCognitions average accu-racy is 74.0% and IoU is 0.60. This paper also reports a detail analysis of errors occurred at the LULC boundary.      
### 33.Interactive Annotation of 3D Object Geometry using 2D Scribbles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10719.pdf)
>  Inferring detailed 3D geometry of the scene is crucial for robotics applications, simulation, and 3D content creation. However, such information is hard to obtain, and thus very few datasets support it. In this paper, we propose an interactive framework for annotating 3D object geometry from both point cloud data and RGB imagery. The key idea behind our approach is to exploit strong priors that humans have about the 3D world in order to interactively annotate complete 3D shapes. Our framework targets naive users without artistic or graphics expertise. We introduce two simple-to-use interaction modules. First, we make an automatic guess of the 3D shape and allow the user to provide feedback about large errors by drawing scribbles in desired 2D views. Next, we aim to correct minor errors, in which users drag and drop mesh vertices, assisted by a neural interactive module implemented as a Graph Convolutional Network. Experimentally, we show that only a few user interactions are needed to produce good quality 3D shapes on popular benchmarks such as ShapeNet, Pix3D and ScanNet. We implement our framework as a web service and conduct a user study, where we show that user annotated data using our method effectively facilitates real-world learning tasks. Web service: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~shenti11/scribble3d" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 34.Video Interpolation via Generalized Deformable Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10680.pdf)
>  Video interpolation aims at increasing the frame rate of a given video by synthesizing intermediate frames. The existing video interpolation methods can be roughly divided into two categories: flow-based methods and kernel-based methods. The performance of flow-based methods is often jeopardized by the inaccuracy of flow map estimation due to oversimplified motion models while that of kernel-based methods tends to be constrained by the rigidity of kernel shape. To address these performance-limiting issues, a novel mechanism named generalized deformable convolution is proposed, which can effectively learn motion information in a data-driven manner and freely select sampling points in space-time. We further develop a new video interpolation method based on this mechanism. Our extensive experiments demonstrate that the new method performs favorably against the state-of-the-art, especially when dealing with complex motions.      
### 35.Probabilistic Deep Learning for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10678.pdf)
>  Probabilistic convolutional neural networks, which predict distributions of predictions instead of point estimates, led to recent advances in many areas of computer vision, from image reconstruction to semantic segmentation. Besides state of the art benchmark results, these networks made it possible to quantify local uncertainties in the predictions. These were used in active learning frameworks to target the labeling efforts of specialist annotators or to assess the quality of a prediction in a safety-critical environment. However, for instance segmentation problems these methods are not frequently used so far. We seek to close this gap by proposing a generic method to obtain model-inherent uncertainty estimates within proposal-free instance segmentation models. Furthermore, we analyze the quality of the uncertainty estimates with a metric adapted from semantic segmentation. We evaluate our method on the BBBC010 C.\ elegans dataset, where it yields competitive performance while also predicting uncertainty estimates that carry information about object-level inaccuracies like false splits and false merges. We perform a simulation to show the potential use of such uncertainty estimates in guided proofreading.      
### 36.DiverseNet: When One Right Answer is not Enough  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10634.pdf)
>  Many structured prediction tasks in machine vision have a collection of acceptable answers, instead of one definitive ground truth answer. Segmentation of images, for example, is subject to human labeling bias. Similarly, there are multiple possible pixel values that could plausibly complete occluded image regions. State-of-the art supervised learning methods are typically optimized to make a single test-time prediction for each query, failing to find other modes in the output space. Existing methods that allow for sampling often sacrifice speed or accuracy. <br>We introduce a simple method for training a neural network, which enables diverse structured predictions to be made for each test-time query. For a single input, we learn to predict a range of possible answers. We compare favorably to methods that seek diversity through an ensemble of networks. Such stochastic multiple choice learning faces mode collapse, where one or more ensemble members fail to receive any training signal. Our best performing solution can be deployed for various tasks, and just involves small modifications to the existing single-mode architecture, loss function, and training regime. We demonstrate that our method results in quantitative improvements across three challenging tasks: 2D image completion, 3D volume estimation, and flow prediction.      
### 37.Measure Anatomical Thickness from Cardiac MRI with Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11109.pdf)
>  Accurate estimation of shape thickness from medical images is crucial in clinical applications. For example, the thickness of myocardium is one of the key to cardiac disease diagnosis. While mathematical models are available to obtain accurate dense thickness estimation, they suffer from heavy computational overhead due to iterative solvers. To this end, we propose novel methods for dense thickness estimation, including a fast solver that estimates thickness from binary annular shapes and an end-to-end network that estimates thickness directly from raw cardiac images.We test the proposed models on three cardiac datasets and one synthetic dataset, achieving impressive results and generalizability on all. Thickness estimation is performed without iterative solvers or manual correction, which is 100 times faster than the mathematical model. We also analyze thickness patterns on different cardiac pathologies with a standard clinical model and the results demonstrate the potential clinical value of our method for thickness based cardiac disease diagnosis.      
### 38.GAN Slimming: All-in-One GAN Compression by A Unified Optimization Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11062.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have gained increasing popularity in various computer vision applications, and recently start to be deployed to resource-constrained mobile devices. Similar to other deep models, state-of-the-art GANs suffer from high parameter complexities. That has recently motivated the exploration of compressing GANs (usually generators). Compared to the vast literature and prevailing success in compressing deep classifiers, the study of GAN compression remains in its infancy, so far leveraging individual compression techniques instead of more sophisticated combinations. We observe that due to the notorious instability of training GANs, heuristically stacking different compression techniques will result in unsatisfactory results. To this end, we propose the first unified optimization framework combining multiple compression means for GAN compression, dubbed GAN Slimming (GS). GS seamlessly integrates three mainstream compression techniques: model distillation, channel pruning and quantization, together with the GAN minimax objective, into one unified optimization form, that can be efficiently optimized from end to end. Without bells and whistles, GS largely outperforms existing options in compressing image-to-image translation GANs. Specifically, we apply GS to compress CartoonGAN, a state-of-the-art style transfer network, by up to 47 times, with minimal visual quality degradation. Codes and pre-trained models can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TAMU-VITA/GAN-Slimming" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Efficient Blind-Spot Neural Network Architecture for Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11010.pdf)
>  Image denoising is an essential tool in computational photography. Standard denoising techniques, which use deep neural networks at their core, require pairs of clean and noisy images for its training. If we do not possess the clean samples, we can use blind-spot neural network architectures, which estimate the pixel value based on the neighbouring pixels only. These networks thus allow training on noisy images directly, as they by-design avoid trivial solutions. Nowadays, the blind-spot is mostly achieved using shifted convolutions or serialization. We propose a novel fully convolutional network architecture that uses dilations to achieve the blind-spot property. Our network improves the performance over the prior work and achieves state-of-the-art results on established datasets.      
### 40.New Directions in Distributed Deep Learning: Bringing the Network at Forefront of IoT Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10805.pdf)
>  In this paper, we first highlight three major challenges to large-scale adoption of deep learning at the edge: (i) Hardware-constrained IoT devices, (ii) Data security and privacy in the IoT era, and (iii) Lack of network-aware deep learning algorithms for distributed inference across multiple IoT devices. We then provide a unified view targeting three research directions that naturally emerge from the above challenges: (1) Federated learning for training deep networks, (2) Data-independent deployment of learning algorithms, and (3) Communication-aware distributed inference. We believe that the above research directions need a network-centric approach to enable the edge intelligence and, therefore, fully exploit the true potential of IoT.      
### 41.Variational Image Restoration Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10796.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved significant success in image restoration tasks by directly learning a powerful non-linear mapping from corrupted images to their latent clean ones. However, there still exist two major limitations for these deep learning (DL)-based methods. Firstly, the noises contained in real corrupted images are very complex, usually neglected and largely under-estimated in most current methods. Secondly, existing DL methods are mostly trained on one pre-assumed degradation process for all of the training image pairs, such as the widely used bicubic downsampling assumption in the image super-resolution task, inevitably leading to poor generalization performance when the true degradation does not match with such assumed one. To address these issues, we propose a unified generative model for the image restoration, which elaborately configures the degradation process from the latent clean image to the observed corrupted one. Specifically, different from most of current methods, the pixel-wisely non-i.i.d. Gaussian distribution, being with more flexibility, is adopted in our method to fit the complex real noises. Furthermore, the method is built on the general image degradation process, making it capable of adapting diverse degradations under one single model. Besides, we design a variational inference algorithm to learn all parameters involved in the proposed model with explicit form of objective loss. Specifically, beyond traditional variational methodology, two DNNs are employed to parameterize the posteriori distributions, one to infer the distribution of the latent clean image, and another to infer the distribution of the image noise. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method on three classical image restoration tasks, including image denoising, image super-resolution and JPEG image deblocking.      
### 42.Channel-Directed Gradients for Optimization of Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10766.pdf)
>  We introduce optimization methods for convolutional neural networks that can be used to improve existing gradient-based optimization in terms of generalization error. The method requires only simple processing of existing stochastic gradients, can be used in conjunction with any optimizer, and has only a linear overhead (in the number of parameters) compared to computation of the stochastic gradient. The method works by computing the gradient of the loss function with respect to output-channel directed re-weighted L2 or Sobolev metrics, which has the effect of smoothing components of the gradient across a certain direction of the parameter tensor. We show that defining the gradients along the output channel direction leads to a performance boost, while other directions can be detrimental. We present the continuum theory of such gradients, its discretization, and application to deep networks. Experiments on benchmark datasets, several networks and baseline optimizers show that optimizers can be improved in generalization error by simply computing the stochastic gradient with respect to output-channel directed metrics.      
### 43.Exploit Camera Raw Data for Video Super-Resolution via Hidden Markov Model Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10710.pdf)
>  To the best of our knowledge, the existing deep-learning-based Video Super-Resolution (VSR) methods exclusively make use of videos produced by the Image Signal Processor (ISP) of the camera system as inputs. Such methods are 1) inherently suboptimal due to information loss incurred by non-invertible operations in ISP, and 2) inconsistent with the real imaging pipeline where VSR in fact serves as a pre-processing unit of ISP. To address this issue, we propose a new VSR method that can directly exploit camera sensor data, accompanied by a carefully built Raw Video Dataset (RawVD) for training, validation, and testing. This method consists of a Successive Deep Inference (SDI) module and a reconstruction module, among others. The SDI module is designed according to the architectural principle suggested by a canonical decomposition result for Hidden Markov Model (HMM) inference; it estimates the target high-resolution frame by repeatedly performing pairwise feature fusion using deformable convolutions. The reconstruction module, built with elaborately designed Attention-based Residual Dense Blocks (ARDBs), serves the purpose of 1) refining the fused feature and 2) learning the color information needed to generate a spatial-specific transformation for accurate color correction. Extensive experiments demonstrate that owing to the informativeness of the camera raw data, the effectiveness of the network architecture, and the separation of super-resolution and color correction processes, the proposed method achieves superior VSR results compared to the state-of-the-art and can be adapted to any specific camera-ISP.      
### 44.Robust Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Segmentation with Multi-Institutional Multi-Phase Partially-Annotated CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10652.pdf)
>  Accurate and automated tumor segmentation is highly desired since it has the great potential to increase the efficiency and reproducibility of computing more complete tumor measurements and imaging biomarkers, comparing to (often partial) human measurements. This is probably the only viable means to enable the large-scale clinical oncology patient studies that utilize medical imaging. Deep learning approaches have shown robust segmentation performances for certain types of tumors, e.g., brain tumors in MRI imaging, when a training dataset with plenty of pixel-level fully-annotated tumor images is available. However, more than often, we are facing the challenge that only (very) limited annotations are feasible to acquire, especially for hard tumors. Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) segmentation is one of the most challenging tumor segmentation tasks, yet critically important for clinical needs. Previous work on PDAC segmentation is limited to the moderate amounts of annotated patient images (n&lt;300) from venous or venous+arterial phase CT scans. Based on a new self-learning framework, we propose to train the PDAC segmentation model using a much larger quantity of patients (n~=1,000), with a mix of annotated and un-annotated venous or multi-phase CT images. Pseudo annotations are generated by combining two teacher models with different PDAC segmentation specialties on unannotated images, and can be further refined by a teaching assistant model that identifies associated vessels around the pancreas. A student model is trained on both manual and pseudo annotated multi-phase images. Experiment results show that our proposed method provides an absolute improvement of 6.3% Dice score over the strong baseline of nnUNet trained on annotated images, achieving the performance (Dice = 0.71) similar to the inter-observer variability between radiologists.      
### 45.OpenBot: Turning Smartphones into Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10631.pdf)
>  Current robots are either expensive or make significant compromises on sensory richness, computational power, and communication capabilities. We propose to leverage smartphones to equip robots with extensive sensor suites, powerful computational abilities, state-of-the-art communication channels, and access to a thriving software ecosystem. We design a small electric vehicle that costs $50 and serves as a robot body for standard Android smartphones. We develop a software stack that allows smartphones to use this body for mobile operation and demonstrate that the system is sufficiently powerful to support advanced robotics workloads such as person following and real-time autonomous navigation in unstructured environments. Controlled experiments demonstrate that the presented approach is robust across different smartphones and robot bodies. A video of our work is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc8hFLyWDOM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
