# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 13 Aug 2020
### 1.More Diverse Means Better: Multimodal Deep Learning Meets Remote Sensing Imagery Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05457.pdf)
>  Classification and identification of the materials lying over or beneath the Earth's surface have long been a fundamental but challenging research topic in geoscience and remote sensing (RS) and have garnered a growing concern owing to the recent advancements of deep learning techniques. Although deep networks have been successfully applied in single-modality-dominated classification tasks, yet their performance inevitably meets the bottleneck in complex scenes that need to be finely classified, due to the limitation of information diversity. In this work, we provide a baseline solution to the aforementioned difficulty by developing a general multimodal deep learning (MDL) framework. In particular, we also investigate a special case of multi-modality learning (MML) -- cross-modality learning (CML) that exists widely in RS image classification applications. By focusing on "what", "where", and "how" to fuse, we show different fusion strategies as well as how to train deep networks and build the network architecture. Specifically, five fusion architectures are introduced and developed, further being unified in our MDL framework. More significantly, our framework is not only limited to pixel-wise classification tasks but also applicable to spatial information modeling with convolutional neural networks (CNNs). To validate the effectiveness and superiority of the MDL framework, extensive experiments related to the settings of MML and CML are conducted on two different multimodal RS datasets. Furthermore, the codes and datasets will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/danfenghong/IEEE_TGRS_MDL-RS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, contributing to the RS community.      
### 2.Stable Low-rank Tensor Decomposition for Compression of Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05441.pdf)
>  Most state of the art deep neural networks are overparameterized and exhibit a high computational cost. A straightforward approach to this problem is to replace convolutional kernels with its low-rank tensor approximations, whereas the Canonical Polyadic tensor Decomposition is one of the most suited models. However, fitting the convolutional tensors by numerical optimization algorithms often encounters diverging components, i.e., extremely large rank-one tensors but canceling each other. Such degeneracy often causes the non-interpretable result and numerical instability for the neural network fine-tuning. This paper is the first study on degeneracy in the tensor decomposition of convolutional kernels. We present a novel method, which can stabilize the low-rank approximation of convolutional kernels and ensure efficient compression while preserving the high-quality performance of the neural networks. We evaluate our approach on popular CNN architectures for image classification and show that our method results in much lower accuracy degradation and provides consistent performance.      
### 3.DXSLAM: A Robust and Efficient Visual SLAM System with Deep Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05416.pdf)
>  A robust and efficient Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) system is essential for robot autonomy. For visual SLAM algorithms, though the theoretical framework has been well established for most aspects, feature extraction and association is still empirically designed in most cases, and can be vulnerable in complex environments. This paper shows that feature extraction with deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can be seamlessly incorporated into a modern SLAM framework. The proposed SLAM system utilizes a state-of-the-art CNN to detect keypoints in each image frame, and to give not only keypoint descriptors, but also a global descriptor of the whole image. These local and global features are then used by different SLAM modules, resulting in much more robustness against environmental changes and viewpoint changes compared with using hand-crafted features. We also train a visual vocabulary of local features with a Bag of Words (BoW) method. Based on the local features, global features, and the vocabulary, a highly reliable loop closure detection method is built. Experimental results show that all the proposed modules significantly outperforms the baseline, and the full system achieves much lower trajectory errors and much higher correct rates on all evaluated data. Furthermore, by optimizing the CNN with Intel OpenVINO toolkit and utilizing the Fast BoW library, the system benefits greatly from the SIMD (single-instruction-multiple-data) techniques in modern CPUs. The full system can run in real-time without any GPU or other accelerators. The code is public at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ivipsourcecode/dxslam" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Look here! A parametric learning based approach to redirect visual attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05413.pdf)
>  Across photography, marketing, and website design, being able to direct the viewer's attention is a powerful tool. Motivated by professional workflows, we introduce an automatic method to make an image region more attention-capturing via subtle image edits that maintain realism and fidelity to the original. From an input image and a user-provided mask, our GazeShiftNet model predicts a distinct set of global parametric transformations to be applied to the foreground and background image regions separately. We present the results of quantitative and qualitative experiments that demonstrate improvements over prior state-of-the-art. In contrast to existing attention shifting algorithms, our global parametric approach better preserves image semantics and avoids typical generative artifacts. Our edits enable inference at interactive rates on any image size, and easily generalize to videos. Extensions of our model allow for multi-style edits and the ability to both increase and attenuate attention in an image region. Furthermore, users can customize the edited images by dialing the edits up or down via interpolations in parameter space. This paper presents a practical tool that can simplify future image editing pipelines.      
### 5.DAWN: Vehicle Detection in Adverse Weather Nature Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05402.pdf)
>  Recently, self-driving vehicles have been introduced with several automated features including lane-keep assistance, queuing assistance in traffic-jam, parking assistance and crash avoidance. These self-driving vehicles and intelligent visual traffic surveillance systems mainly depend on cameras and sensors fusion systems. Adverse weather conditions such as heavy fog, rain, snow, and sandstorms are considered dangerous restrictions of the functionality of cameras impacting seriously the performance of adopted computer vision algorithms for scene understanding (i.e., vehicle detection, tracking, and recognition in traffic scenes). For example, reflection coming from rain flow and ice over roads could cause massive detection errors which will affect the performance of intelligent visual traffic systems. Additionally, scene understanding and vehicle detection algorithms are mostly evaluated using datasets contain certain types of synthetic images plus a few real-world images. Thus, it is uncertain how these algorithms would perform on unclear images acquired in the wild and how the progress of these algorithms is standardized in the field. To this end, we present a new dataset (benchmark) consisting of real-world images collected under various adverse weather conditions called DAWN. This dataset emphasizes a diverse traffic environment (urban, highway and freeway) as well as a rich variety of traffic flow. The DAWN dataset comprises a collection of 1000 images from real-traffic environments, which are divided into four sets of weather conditions: fog, snow, rain and sandstorms. The dataset is annotated with object bounding boxes for autonomous driving and video surveillance scenarios. This data helps interpreting effects caused by the adverse weather conditions on the performance of vehicle detection systems.      
### 6.Rethinking of the Image Salient Object Detection: Object-level Semantic Saliency Re-ranking First, Pixel-wise Saliency Refinement Latter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05397.pdf)
>  The real human attention is an interactive activity between our visual system and our brain, using both low-level visual stimulus and high-level semantic information. Previous image salient object detection (SOD) works conduct their saliency predictions in a multi-task manner, i.e., performing pixel-wise saliency regression and segmentation-like saliency refinement at the same time, which degenerates their feature backbones in revealing semantic information. However, given an image, we tend to pay more attention to those regions which are semantically salient even in the case that these regions are perceptually not the most salient ones at first glance. In this paper, we divide the SOD problem into two sequential tasks: 1) we propose a lightweight, weakly supervised deep network to coarsely locate those semantically salient regions first; 2) then, as a post-processing procedure, we selectively fuse multiple off-the-shelf deep models on these semantically salient regions as the pixel-wise saliency refinement. In sharp contrast to the state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods that focus on learning pixel-wise saliency in "single image" using perceptual clues mainly, our method has investigated the "object-level semantic ranks between multiple images", of which the methodology is more consistent with the real human attention mechanism. Our method is simple yet effective, which is the first attempt to consider the salient object detection mainly as an object-level semantic re-ranking problem.      
### 7.Full Reference Screen Content Image Quality Assessment by Fusing Multi-level Structure Similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05396.pdf)
>  The screen content images (SCIs) usually comprise various content types with sharp edges, in which the artifacts or distortions can be well sensed by the vanilla structure similarity measurement in a full reference manner. Nonetheless, almost all of the current SOTA structure similarity metrics are "locally" formulated in a single-level manner, while the true human visual system (HVS) follows the multi-level manner, and such mismatch could eventually prevent these metrics from achieving trustworthy quality assessment. To ameliorate, this paper advocates a novel solution to measure structure similarity "globally" from the perspective of sparse representation. To perform multi-level quality assessment in accordance with the real HVS, the above-mentioned global metric will be integrated with the conventional local ones by resorting to the newly devised selective deep fusion network. To validate its efficacy and effectiveness, we have compared our method with 12 SOTA methods over two widely-used large-scale public SCI datasets, and the quantitative results indicate that our method yields significantly higher consistency with subjective quality score than the currently leading works. Both the source code and data are also publicly available to gain widespread acceptance and facilitate new advancement and its validation.      
### 8.Towards Unsupervised Crowd Counting via Regression-Detection Bi-knowledge Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05383.pdf)
>  Unsupervised crowd counting is a challenging yet not largely explored task. In this paper, we explore it in a transfer learning setting where we learn to detect and count persons in an unlabeled target set by transferring bi-knowledge learnt from regression- and detection-based models in a labeled source set. The dual source knowledge of the two models is heterogeneous and complementary as they capture different modalities of the crowd distribution. We formulate the mutual transformations between the outputs of regression- and detection-based models as two scene-agnostic transformers which enable knowledge distillation between the two models. Given the regression- and detection-based models and their mutual transformers learnt in the source, we introduce an iterative self-supervised learning scheme with regression-detection bi-knowledge transfer in the target. Extensive experiments on standard crowd counting benchmarks, ShanghaiTech, UCF\_CC\_50, and UCF\_QNRF demonstrate a substantial improvement of our method over other state-of-the-arts in the transfer learning setting.      
### 9.Improving the Performance of Fine-Grain Image Classifiers via Generative Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05381.pdf)
>  Recent advances in machine learning (ML) and computer vision tools have enabled applications in a wide variety of arenas such as financial analytics, medical diagnostics, and even within the Department of Defense. However, their widespread implementation in real-world use cases poses several challenges: (1) many applications are highly specialized, and hence operate in a \emph{sparse data} domain; (2) ML tools are sensitive to their training sets and typically require cumbersome, labor-intensive data collection and data labelling processes; and (3) ML tools can be extremely "black box," offering users little to no insight into the decision-making process or how new data might affect prediction performance. To address these challenges, we have designed and developed Data Augmentation from Proficient Pre-Training of Robust Generative Adversarial Networks (DAPPER GAN), an ML analytics support tool that automatically generates novel views of training images in order to improve downstream classifier performance. DAPPER GAN leverages high-fidelity embeddings generated by a StyleGAN2 model (trained on the LSUN cars dataset) to create novel imagery for previously unseen classes. We experimentally evaluate this technique on the Stanford Cars dataset, demonstrating improved vehicle make and model classification accuracy and reduced requirements for real data using our GAN based data augmentation framework. The method's validity was supported through an analysis of classifier performance on both augmented and non-augmented datasets, achieving comparable or better accuracy with up to 30\% less real data across visually similar classes. To support this method, we developed a novel augmentation method that can manipulate semantically meaningful dimensions (e.g., orientation) of the target object in the embedding space.      
### 10.Attention-based Fully Gated CNN-BGRU for Russian Handwritten Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05373.pdf)
>  This research approaches the task of handwritten text with attention encoder-decoder networks that are trained on Kazakh and Russian language. We developed a novel deep neural network model based on Fully Gated CNN, supported by Multiple bidirectional GRU and Attention mechanisms to manipulate sophisticated features that achieve 0.045 Character Error Rate (CER), 0.192 Word Error Rate (WER) and 0.253 Sequence Error Rate (SER) for the first test dataset and 0.064 CER, 0.24 WER and 0.361 SER for the second test dataset. Also, we propose fully gated layers by taking the advantage of multiple the output feature from Tahn and input feature, this proposed work achieves better results and We experimented with our model on the Handwritten Kazakh \&amp; Russian Database (HKR). Our research is the first work on the HKR dataset and demonstrates state-of-the-art results to most of the other existing models.      
### 11.Anomaly localization by modeling perceptual features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05369.pdf)
>  Although unsupervised generative modeling of an image dataset using a Variational AutoEncoder (VAE) has been used to detect anomalous images, or anomalous regions in images, recent works have shown that this method often identifies images or regions that do not concur with human perception, even questioning the usability of generative models for robust anomaly detection. Here, we argue that those issues can emerge from having a simplistic model of the anomaly distribution and we propose a new VAE-based model expressing a more complex anomaly model that is also closer to human perception. This Feature-Augmented VAE is trained by not only reconstructing the input image in pixel space, but also in several different feature spaces, which are computed by a convolutional neural network trained beforehand on a large image dataset. It achieves clear improvement over state-of-the-art methods on the MVTec anomaly detection and localization datasets.      
### 12.LogoDet-3K: A Large-Scale Image Dataset for Logo Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05359.pdf)
>  Logo detection has been gaining considerable attention because of its wide range of applications in the multimedia field, such as copyright infringement detection, brand visibility monitoring, and product brand management on social media. In this paper, we introduce LogoDet-3K, the largest logo detection dataset with full annotation, which has 3,000 logo categories, about 200,000 manually annotated logo objects and 158,652 images. LogoDet-3K creates a more challenging benchmark for logo detection, for its higher comprehensive coverage and wider variety in both logo categories and annotated objects compared with existing datasets. We describe the collection and annotation process of our dataset, analyze its scale and diversity in comparison to other datasets for logo detection. We further propose a strong baseline method Logo-Yolo, which incorporates Focal loss and CIoU loss into the state-of-the-art YOLOv3 framework for large-scale logo detection. Logo-Yolo can solve the problems of multi-scale objects, logo sample imbalance and inconsistent bounding-box regression. It obtains about 4% improvement on the average performance compared with YOLOv3, and greater improvements compared with reported several deep detection models on LogoDet-3K. The evaluations on other three existing datasets further verify the effectiveness of our method, and demonstrate better generalization ability of LogoDet-3K on logo detection and retrieval tasks. The LogoDet-3K dataset is used to promote large-scale logo-related research and it can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Wangjing1551/LogoDet-3K-Dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Image-based Portrait Engraving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05336.pdf)
>  This paper describes a simple image-based method that applies engraving stylisation to portraits using ordered dithering. Face detection is used to estimate a rough proxy geometry of the head consisting of a cylinder, which is used to warp the dither matrix, causing the engraving lines to curve around the face for better stylisation. Finally, an application of the approach to colour engraving is demonstrated.      
### 14.TF-NAS: Rethinking Three Search Freedoms of Latency-Constrained Differentiable Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05314.pdf)
>  With the flourish of differentiable neural architecture search (NAS), automatically searching latency-constrained architectures gives a new perspective to reduce human labor and expertise. However, the searched architectures are usually suboptimal in accuracy and may have large jitters around the target latency. In this paper, we rethink three freedoms of differentiable NAS, i.e. operation-level, depth-level and width-level, and propose a novel method, named Three-Freedom NAS (TF-NAS), to achieve both good classification accuracy and precise latency constraint. For the operation-level, we present a bi-sampling search algorithm to moderate the operation collapse. For the depth-level, we introduce a sink-connecting search space to ensure the mutual exclusion between skip and other candidate operations, as well as eliminate the architecture redundancy. For the width-level, we propose an elasticity-scaling strategy that achieves precise latency constraint in a progressively fine-grained manner. Experiments on ImageNet demonstrate the effectiveness of TF-NAS. Particularly, our searched TF-NAS-A obtains 76.9% top-1 accuracy, achieving state-of-the-art results with less latency. The total search time is only 1.8 days on 1 Titan RTX GPU. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AberHu/TF-NAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Factor Graph based 3D Multi-Object Tracking in Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05309.pdf)
>  Accurate and reliable tracking of multiple moving objects in 3D space is an essential component of urban scene understanding. This is a challenging task because it requires the assignment of detections in the current frame to the predicted objects from the previous one. Existing filter-based approaches tend to struggle if this initial assignment is not correct, which can happen easily. We propose a novel optimization-based approach that does not rely on explicit and fixed assignments. Instead, we represent the result of an off-the-shelf 3D object detector as Gaussian mixture model, which is incorporated in a factor graph framework. This gives us the flexibility to assign all detections to all objects simultaneously. As a result, the assignment problem is solved implicitly and jointly with the 3D spatial multi-object state estimation using non-linear least squares optimization. Despite its simplicity, the proposed algorithm achieves robust and reliable tracking results and can be applied for offline as well as online tracking. We demonstrate its performance on the real world KITTI tracking dataset and achieve better results than many state-of-the-art algorithms. Especially the consistency of the estimated tracks is superior offline as well as online.      
### 16.Guided Collaborative Training for Pixel-wise Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05258.pdf)
>  We investigate the generalization of semi-supervised learning (SSL) to diverse pixel-wise tasks. Although SSL methods have achieved impressive results in image classification, the performances of applying them to pixel-wise tasks are unsatisfactory due to their need for dense outputs. In addition, existing pixel-wise SSL approaches are only suitable for certain tasks as they usually require to use task-specific properties. In this paper, we present a new SSL framework, named Guided Collaborative Training (GCT), for pixel-wise tasks, with two main technical contributions. First, GCT addresses the issues caused by the dense outputs through a novel flaw detector. Second, the modules in GCT learn from unlabeled data collaboratively through two newly proposed constraints that are independent of task-specific properties. As a result, GCT can be applied to a wide range of pixel-wise tasks without structural adaptation. Our extensive experiments on four challenging vision tasks, including semantic segmentation, real image denoising, portrait image matting, and night image enhancement, show that GCT outperforms state-of-the-art SSL methods by a large margin. Our code available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZHKKKe/PixelSSL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.Identity-Aware Attribute Recognition via Real-Time Distributed Inference in Mobile Edge Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05255.pdf)
>  With the development of deep learning technologies, attribute recognition and person re-identification (re-ID) have attracted extensive attention and achieved continuous improvement via executing computing-intensive deep neural networks in cloud datacenters. However, the datacenter deployment cannot meet the real-time requirement of attribute recognition and person re-ID, due to the prohibitive delay of backhaul networks and large data transmissions from cameras to datacenters. A feasible solution thus is to employ mobile edge clouds (MEC) within the proximity of cameras and enable distributed inference. In this paper, we design novel models for pedestrian attribute recognition with re-ID in an MEC-enabled camera monitoring system. We also investigate the problem of distributed inference in the MEC-enabled camera network. To this end, we first propose a novel inference framework with a set of distributed modules, by jointly considering the attribute recognition and person re-ID. We then devise a learning-based algorithm for the distributions of the modules of the proposed distributed inference framework, considering the dynamic MEC-enabled camera network with uncertainties. We finally evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithm by both simulations with real datasets and system implementation in a real testbed. Evaluation results show that the performance of the proposed algorithm with distributed inference framework is promising, by reaching the accuracies of attribute recognition and person identification up to 92.9% and 96.6% respectively, and significantly reducing the inference delay by at least 40.6% compared with existing methods.      
### 18.PAM:Point-wise Attention Module for 6D Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05242.pdf)
>  6D pose estimation refers to object recognition and estimation of 3D rotation and 3D translation. The key technology for estimating 6D pose is to estimate pose by extracting enough features to find pose in any environment. Previous methods utilized depth information in the refinement process or were designed as a heterogeneous architecture for each data space to extract feature. However, these methods are limited in that they cannot extract sufficient feature. Therefore, this paper proposes a Point Attention Module that can efficiently extract powerful feature from RGB-D. In our Module, attention map is formed through a Geometric Attention Path(GAP) and Channel Attention Path(CAP). In GAP, it is designed to pay attention to important information in geometric information, and CAP is designed to pay attention to important information in Channel information. We show that the attention module efficiently creates feature representations without significantly increasing computational complexity. Experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms the existing methods in benchmarks, YCB Video and LineMod. In addition, the attention module was applied to the classification task, and it was confirmed that the performance significantly improved compared to the existing model.      
### 19.Fine-grained Visual Textual Alignment for Cross-Modal Retrieval using Transformer Encoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05231.pdf)
>  Despite the evolution of deep-learning-based visual-textual processing systems, precise multi-modal matching remains a challenging task. In this work, we tackle the problem of accurate cross-media retrieval through image-sentence matching based on word-region alignments using supervision only at the global image-sentence level. In particular, we present an approach called Transformer Encoder Reasoning and Alignment Network (TERAN). TERAN enforces a fine-grained match between the underlying components of images and sentences, i.e., image regions and words, respectively, in order to preserve the informative richness of both modalities. The proposed approach obtains state-of-the-art results on the image retrieval task on both MS-COCO and Flickr30k. Moreover, on MS-COCO, it defeats current approaches also on the sentence retrieval task. Given our long-term interest in scalable cross-modal information retrieval, TERAN is designed to keep the visual and textual data pipelines well separated. In fact, cross-attention links invalidate any chance to separately extract visual and textual features needed for the online search and the offline indexing steps in large-scale retrieval systems. In this respect, TERAN merges the information from the two domains only during the final alignment phase, immediately before the loss computation. We argue that the fine-grained alignments produced by TERAN pave the way towards the research for effective and efficient methods for large-scale cross-modal information retrieval. We compare the effectiveness of our approach against the best eight methods in this research area. On the MS-COCO 1K test set, we obtain an improvement of 3.5% and 1.2% respectively on the image and the sentence retrieval tasks on the Recall@1 metric. The code used for the experiments is publicly available on GitHub at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mesnico/TERAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Defending Adversarial Examples via DNN Bottleneck Reinforcement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05230.pdf)
>  This paper presents a DNN bottleneck reinforcement scheme to alleviate the vulnerability of Deep Neural Networks (DNN) against adversarial attacks. Typical DNN classifiers encode the input image into a compressed latent representation more suitable for inference. This information bottleneck makes a trade-off between the image-specific structure and class-specific information in an image. By reinforcing the former while maintaining the latter, any redundant information, be it adversarial or not, should be removed from the latent representation. Hence, this paper proposes to jointly train an auto-encoder (AE) sharing the same encoding weights with the visual classifier. In order to reinforce the information bottleneck, we introduce the multi-scale low-pass objective and multi-scale high-frequency communication for better frequency steering in the network. Unlike existing approaches, our scheme is the first reforming defense per se which keeps the classifier structure untouched without appending any pre-processing head and is trained with clean images only. Extensive experiments on MNIST, CIFAR-10 and ImageNet demonstrate the strong defense of our method against various adversarial attacks.      
### 21.A Zero-Shot Sketch-based Inter-Modal Object Retrieval Scheme for Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05225.pdf)
>  Conventional existing retrieval methods in remote sensing (RS) are often based on a uni-modal data retrieval framework. In this work, we propose a novel inter-modal triplet-based zero-shot retrieval scheme utilizing a sketch-based representation of RS data. The proposed scheme performs efficiently even when the sketch representations are marginally prototypical of the image. We conducted experiments on a new bi-modal image-sketch dataset called Earth on Canvas (EoC) conceived during this study. We perform a thorough bench-marking of this dataset and demonstrate that the proposed network outperforms other state-of-the-art methods for zero-shot sketch-based retrieval framework in remote sensing.      
### 22.Pixel-level Corrosion Detection on Metal Constructions by Fusion of Deep Learning Semantic and Contour Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05204.pdf)
>  Corrosion detection on metal constructions is a major challenge in civil engineering for quick, safe and effective inspection. Existing image analysis approaches tend to place bounding boxes around the defected region which is not adequate both for structural analysis and pre-fabrication, an innovative construction concept which reduces maintenance cost, time and improves safety. In this paper, we apply three semantic segmentation-oriented deep learning models (FCN, U-Net and Mask R-CNN) for corrosion detection, which perform better in terms of accuracy and time and require a smaller number of annotated samples compared to other deep models, e.g. CNN. However, the final images derived are still not sufficiently accurate for structural analysis and pre-fabrication. Thus, we adopt a novel data projection scheme that fuses the results of color segmentation, yielding accurate but over-segmented contours of a region, with a processed area of the deep masks, resulting in high-confidence corroded pixels.      
### 23.Representative Graph Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05202.pdf)
>  Non-local operation is widely explored to model the long-range dependencies. However, the redundant computation in this operation leads to a prohibitive complexity. In this paper, we present a Representative Graph (RepGraph) layer to dynamically sample a few representative features, which dramatically reduces redundancy. Instead of propagating the messages from all positions, our RepGraph layer computes the response of one node merely with a few representative nodes. The locations of representative nodes come from a learned spatial offset matrix. The RepGraph layer is flexible to integrate into many visual architectures and combine with other operations. With the application of semantic segmentation, without any bells and whistles, our RepGraph network can compete or perform favourably against the state-of-the-art methods on three challenging benchmarks: ADE20K, Cityscapes, and PASCAL-Context datasets. In the task of object detection, our RepGraph layer can also improve the performance on the COCO dataset compared to the non-local operation. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/RepGraph" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.RAF-AU Database: In-the-Wild Facial Expressions with Subjective Emotion Judgement and Objective AU Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05196.pdf)
>  Much of the work on automatic facial expression recognition relies on databases containing a certain number of emotion classes and their exaggerated facial configurations (generally six prototypical facial expressions), based on Ekman's Basic Emotion Theory. However, recent studies have revealed that facial expressions in our human life can be blended with multiple basic emotions. And the emotion labels for these in-the-wild facial expressions cannot easily be annotated solely on pre-defined AU patterns. How to analyze the action units for such complex expressions is still an open question. To address this issue, we develop a RAF-AU database that employs a sign-based (i.e., AUs) and judgement-based (i.e., perceived emotion) approach to annotating blended facial expressions in the wild. We first reviewed the annotation methods in existing databases and identified crowdsourcing as a promising strategy for labeling in-the-wild facial expressions. Then, RAF-AU was finely annotated by experienced coders, on which we also conducted a preliminary investigation of which key AUs contribute most to a perceived emotion, and the relationship between AUs and facial expressions. Finally, we provided a baseline for AU recognition in RAF-AU using popular features and multi-label learning methods.      
### 25.Balanced Depth Completion between Dense Depth Inference and Sparse Range Measurements via KISS-GP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05158.pdf)
>  Estimating a dense and accurate depth map is the key requirement for autonomous driving and robotics. Recent advances in deep learning have allowed depth estimation in full resolution from a single image. Despite this impressive result, many deep-learning-based monocular depth estimation (MDE) algorithms have failed to keep their accuracy yielding a meter-level estimation error. In many robotics applications, accurate but sparse measurements are readily available from Light Detection and Ranging (LiDAR). Although they are highly accurate, the sparsity limits full resolution depth map reconstruction. Targeting the problem of dense and accurate depth map recovery, this paper introduces the fusion of these two modalities as a depth completion (DC) problem by dividing the role of depth inference and depth regression. Utilizing the state-of-the-art MDE and our Gaussian process (GP) based depth-regression method, we propose a general solution that can flexibly work with various MDE modules by enhancing its depth with sparse range measurements. To overcome the major limitation of GP, we adopt Kernel Interpolation for Scalable Structured (KISS)-GP and mitigate the computational complexity from O(N^3) to O(N). Our experiments demonstrate that the accuracy and robustness of our method outperform state-of-the-art unsupervised methods for sparse and biased measurements.      
### 26.Towards Geometry Guided Neural Relighting with Flash Photography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05157.pdf)
>  Previous image based relighting methods require capturing multiple images to acquire high frequency lighting effect under different lighting conditions, which needs nontrivial effort and may be unrealistic in certain practical use scenarios. While such approaches rely entirely on cleverly sampling the color images under different lighting conditions, little has been done to utilize geometric information that crucially influences the high-frequency features in the images, such as glossy highlight and cast shadow. We therefore propose a framework for image relighting from a single flash photograph with its corresponding depth map using deep learning. By incorporating the depth map, our approach is able to extrapolate realistic high-frequency effects under novel lighting via geometry guided image decomposition from the flashlight image, and predict the cast shadow map from the shadow-encoding transformed depth map. Moreover, the single-image based setup greatly simplifies the data capture process. We experimentally validate the advantage of our geometry guided approach over state-of-the-art image-based approaches in intrinsic image decomposition and image relighting, and also demonstrate our performance on real mobile phone photo examples.      
### 27.HOSE-Net: Higher Order Structure Embedded Network for Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05156.pdf)
>  Scene graph generation aims to produce structured representations for images, which requires to understand the relations between objects. Due to the continuous nature of deep neural networks, the prediction of scene graphs is divided into object detection and relation classification. However, the independent relation classes cannot separate the visual features well. Although some methods organize the visual features into graph structures and use message passing to learn contextual information, they still suffer from drastic intra-class variations and unbalanced data distributions. One important factor is that they learn an unstructured output space that ignores the inherent structures of scene graphs. Accordingly, in this paper, we propose a Higher Order Structure Embedded Network (HOSE-Net) to mitigate this issue. First, we propose a novel structure-aware embedding-to-classifier(SEC) module to incorporate both local and global structural information of relationships into the output space. Specifically, a set of context embeddings are learned via local graph based message passing and then mapped to a global structure based classification space. Second, since learning too many context-specific classification subspaces can suffer from data sparsity issues, we propose a hierarchical semantic aggregation(HSA) module to reduces the number of subspaces by introducing higher order structural information. HSA is also a fast and flexible tool to automatically search a semantic object hierarchy based on relational knowledge graphs. Extensive experiments show that the proposed HOSE-Net achieves the state-of-the-art performance on two popular benchmarks of Visual Genome and VRD.      
### 28.ASAP-Net: Attention and Structure Aware Point Cloud Sequence Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05149.pdf)
>  Recent works of point clouds show that mulit-frame spatio-temporal modeling outperforms single-frame versions by utilizing cross-frame information. In this paper, we further improve spatio-temporal point cloud feature learning with a flexible module called ASAP considering both attention and structure information across frames, which we find as two important factors for successful segmentation in dynamic point clouds. Firstly, our ASAP module contains a novel attentive temporal embedding layer to fuse the relatively informative local features across frames in a recurrent fashion. Secondly, an efficient spatio-temporal correlation method is proposed to exploit more local structure for embedding, meanwhile enforcing temporal consistency and reducing computation complexity. Finally, we show the generalization ability of the proposed ASAP module with different backbone networks for point cloud sequence segmentation. Our ASAP-Net (backbone plus ASAP module) outperforms baselines and previous methods on both Synthia and SemanticKITTI datasets (+3.4 to +15.2 mIoU points with different backbones). Code is availabe at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/intrepidChw/ASAP-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 29.Object Detection for Graphical User Interface: Old Fashioned or Deep Learning or a Combination?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05132.pdf)
>  Detecting Graphical User Interface (GUI) elements in GUI images is a domain-specific object detection task. It supports many software engineering tasks, such as GUI animation and testing, GUI search and code generation. Existing studies for GUI element detection directly borrow the mature methods from computer vision (CV) domain, including old fashioned ones that rely on traditional image processing features (e.g., canny edge, contours), and deep learning models that learn to detect from large-scale GUI data. Unfortunately, these CV methods are not originally designed with the awareness of the unique characteristics of GUIs and GUI elements and the high localization accuracy of the GUI element detection task. We conduct the first large-scale empirical study of seven representative GUI element detection methods on over 50k GUI images to understand the capabilities, limitations and effective designs of these methods. This study not only sheds the light on the technical challenges to be addressed but also informs the design of new GUI element detection methods. We accordingly design a new GUI-specific old-fashioned method for non-text GUI element detection which adopts a novel top-down coarse-to-fine strategy, and incorporate it with the mature deep learning model for GUI text detection.Our evaluation on 25,000 GUI images shows that our method significantly advances the start-of-the-art performance in GUI element detection.      
### 30.Open Set Recognition with Conditional Probabilistic Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05129.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have made breakthroughs in a wide range of visual understanding tasks. A typical challenge that hinders their real-world applications is that unknown samples may be fed into the system during the testing phase, but traditional deep neural networks will wrongly recognize these unknown samples as one of the known classes. Open set recognition (OSR) is a potential solution to overcome this problem, where the open set classifier should have the flexibility to reject unknown samples and meanwhile maintain high classification accuracy in known classes. Probabilistic generative models, such as Variational Autoencoders (VAE) and Adversarial Autoencoders (AAE), are popular methods to detect unknowns, but they cannot provide discriminative representations for known classification. In this paper, we propose a novel framework, called Conditional Probabilistic Generative Models (CPGM), for open set recognition. The core insight of our work is to add discriminative information into the probabilistic generative models, such that the proposed models can not only detect unknown samples but also classify known classes by forcing different latent features to approximate conditional Gaussian distributions. We discuss many model variants and provide comprehensive experiments to study their characteristics. Experiment results on multiple benchmark datasets reveal that the proposed method significantly outperforms the baselines and achieves new state-of-the-art performance.      
### 31.Facial Expression Retargeting from Human to Avatar Made Easy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05110.pdf)
>  Facial expression retargeting from humans to virtual characters is a useful technique in computer graphics and animation. Traditional methods use markers or blendshapes to construct a mapping between the human and avatar faces. However, these approaches require a tedious 3D modeling process, and the performance relies on the modelers' experience. In this paper, we propose a brand-new solution to this cross-domain expression transfer problem via nonlinear expression embedding and expression domain translation. We first build low-dimensional latent spaces for the human and avatar facial expressions with variational autoencoder. Then we construct correspondences between the two latent spaces guided by geometric and perceptual constraints. Specifically, we design geometric correspondences to reflect geometric matching and utilize a triplet data structure to express users' perceptual preference of avatar expressions. A user-friendly method is proposed to automatically generate triplets for a system allowing users to easily and efficiently annotate the correspondences. Using both geometric and perceptual correspondences, we trained a network for expression domain translation from human to avatar. Extensive experimental results and user studies demonstrate that even nonprofessional users can apply our method to generate high-quality facial expression retargeting results with less time and effort.      
### 32.Local Temperature Scaling for Probability Calibration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05105.pdf)
>  For semantic segmentation, label probabilities are often uncalibrated as they are typically only the by-product of a segmentation task. Intersection over Union (IoU) and Dice score are often used as criteria for segmentation success, while metrics related to label probabilities are rarely explored. On the other hand, probability calibration approaches have been studied, which aim at matching probability outputs with experimentally observed errors, but they mainly focus on classification tasks, not on semantic segmentation. Thus, we propose a learning-based calibration method that focuses on multi-label semantic segmentation. Specifically, we adopt a tree-like convolution neural network to predict local temperature values for probability calibration. One advantage of our approach is that it does not change prediction accuracy, hence allowing for calibration as a post-processing step. Experiments on the COCO and LPBA40 datasets demonstrate improved calibration performance over different metrics. We also demonstrate the performance of our method for multi-atlas brain segmentation from magnetic resonance images.      
### 33.Inter-Image Communication for Weakly Supervised Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05096.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised localization aims at finding target object regions using only image-level supervision. However, localization maps extracted from classification networks are often not accurate due to the lack of fine pixel-level supervision. In this paper, we propose to leverage pixel-level similarities across different objects for learning more accurate object locations in a complementary way. Particularly, two kinds of constraints are proposed to prompt the consistency of object features within the same categories. The first constraint is to learn the stochastic feature consistency among discriminative pixels that are randomly sampled from different images within a batch. The discriminative information embedded in one image can be leveraged to benefit its counterpart with inter-image communication. The second constraint is to learn the global consistency of object features throughout the entire dataset. We learn a feature center for each category and realize the global feature consistency by forcing the object features to approach class-specific centers. The global centers are actively updated with the training process. The two constraints can benefit each other to learn consistent pixel-level features within the same categories, and finally improve the quality of localization maps. We conduct extensive experiments on two popular benchmarks, i.e., ILSVRC and CUB-200-2011. Our method achieves the Top-1 localization error rate of 45.17% on the ILSVRC validation set, surpassing the current state-of-the-art method by a large margin. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiaomengyc/I2C" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Learning to Caricature via Semantic Shape Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05090.pdf)
>  Caricature is an artistic drawing created to abstract or exaggerate facial features of a person. Rendering visually pleasing caricatures is a difficult task that requires professional skills, and thus it is of great interest to design a method to automatically generate such drawings. To deal with large shape changes, we propose an algorithm based on a semantic shape transform to produce diverse and plausible shape exaggerations. Specifically, we predict pixel-wise semantic correspondences and perform image warping on the input photo to achieve dense shape transformation. We show that the proposed framework is able to render visually pleasing shape exaggerations while maintaining their facial structures. In addition, our model allows users to manipulate the shape via the semantic map. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on a large photograph-caricature benchmark dataset with comparisons to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 35.BiHand: Recovering Hand Mesh with Multi-stage Bisected Hourglass Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05079.pdf)
>  3D hand estimation has been a long-standing research topic in computer vision. A recent trend aims not only to estimate the 3D hand joint locations but also to recover the mesh model. However, achieving those goals from a single RGB image remains challenging. In this paper, we introduce an end-to-end learnable model, BiHand, which consists of three cascaded stages, namely 2D seeding stage, 3D lifting stage, and mesh generation stage. At the output of BiHand, the full hand mesh will be recovered using the joint rotations and shape parameters predicted from the network. Inside each stage, BiHand adopts a novel bisecting design which allows the networks to encapsulate two closely related information (e.g. 2D keypoints and silhouette in 2D seeding stage, 3D joints, and depth map in 3D lifting stage, joint rotations and shape parameters in the mesh generation stage) in a single forward pass. As the information represents different geometry or structure details, bisecting the data flow can facilitate optimization and increase robustness. For quantitative evaluation, we conduct experiments on two public benchmarks, namely the Rendered Hand Dataset (RHD) and the Stereo Hand Pose Tracking Benchmark (STB). Extensive experiments show that our model can achieve superior accuracy in comparison with state-of-the-art methods, and can produce appealing 3D hand meshes in several severe conditions.      
### 36.Select Good Regions for Deblurring based on Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05065.pdf)
>  The goal of blind image deblurring is to recover sharp image from one input blurred image with an unknown blur kernel. Most of image deblurring approaches focus on developing image priors, however, there is not enough attention to the influence of image details and structures on the blur kernel estimation. What is the useful image structure and how to choose a good deblurring region? In this work, we propose a deep neural network model method for selecting good regions to estimate blur kernel. First we construct image patches with labels and train a deep neural networks, then the learned model is applied to determine which region of the image is most suitable to deblur. Experimental results illustrate that the proposed approach is effective, and could be able to select good regions for image deblurring.      
### 37.Online Graph Completion: Multivariate Signal Recovery in Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05060.pdf)
>  The adoption of "human-in-the-loop" paradigms in computer vision and machine learning is leading to various applications where the actual data acquisition (e.g., human supervision) and the underlying inference algorithms are closely interwined. While classical work in active learning provides effective solutions when the learning module involves classification and regression tasks, many practical issues such as partially observed measurements, financial constraints and even additional distributional or structural aspects of the data typically fall outside the scope of this treatment. For instance, with sequential acquisition of partial measurements of data that manifest as a matrix (or tensor), novel strategies for completion (or collaborative filtering) of the remaining entries have only been studied recently. Motivated by vision problems where we seek to annotate a large dataset of images via a crowdsourced platform or alternatively, complement results from a state-of-the-art object detector using human feedback, we study the "completion" problem defined on graphs, where requests for additional measurements must be made sequentially. We design the optimization model in the Fourier domain of the graph describing how ideas based on adaptive submodularity provide algorithms that work well in practice. On a large set of images collected from Imgur, we see promising results on images that are otherwise difficult to categorize. We also show applications to an experimental design problem in neuroimaging.      
### 38.Dynamic Object Removal and Spatio-Temporal RGB-D Inpainting via Geometry-Aware Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05058.pdf)
>  Dynamic objects have a significant impact on the robot's perception of the environment which degrades the performance of essential tasks such as localization and mapping. In this work, we address this problem by synthesizing plausible color, texture and geometry in regions occluded by dynamic objects. We propose the novel geometry-aware DynaFill architecture that follows a coarse-to-fine topology and incorporates our gated recurrent feedback mechanism to adaptively fuse information from previous timesteps. We optimize our architecture using adversarial training to synthesize fine realistic textures which enables it to hallucinate color and depth structure in occluded regions online in a spatially and temporally coherent manner, without relying on future frame information. Casting our inpainting problem as an image-to-image translation task, our model also corrects regions correlated with the presence of dynamic objects in the scene, such as shadows or reflections. We introduce a large-scale hyperrealistic dataset with RGB-D images, semantic segmentation labels, camera poses as well as ground truth RGB-D information of occluded regions. Extensive quantitative and qualitative evaluations show that our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance, even in challenging weather conditions. Furthermore, we present results for retrieval-based visual localization with the synthesized images that demonstrate the utility of our approach.      
### 39.Audio- and Gaze-driven Facial Animation of Codec Avatars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05023.pdf)
>  Codec Avatars are a recent class of learned, photorealistic face models that accurately represent the geometry and texture of a person in 3D (i.e., for virtual reality), and are almost indistinguishable from video. In this paper we describe the first approach to animate these parametric models in real-time which could be deployed on commodity virtual reality hardware using audio and/or eye tracking. Our goal is to display expressive conversations between individuals that exhibit important social signals such as laughter and excitement solely from latent cues in our lossy input signals. To this end we collected over 5 hours of high frame rate 3D face scans across three participants including traditional neutral speech as well as expressive and conversational speech. We investigate a multimodal fusion approach that dynamically identifies which sensor encoding should animate which parts of the face at any time. See the supplemental video which demonstrates our ability to generate full face motion far beyond the typically neutral lip articulations seen in competing work: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://research.fb.com/videos/audio-and-gaze-driven-facial-animation-of-codec-avatars/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 40.VI-Net: View-Invariant Quality of Human Movement Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04999.pdf)
>  We propose a view-invariant method towards the assessment of the quality of human movements which does not rely on skeleton data. Our end-to-end convolutional neural network consists of two stages, where at first a view-invariant trajectory descriptor for each body joint is generated from RGB images, and then the collection of trajectories for all joints are processed by an adapted, pre-trained 2D CNN (e.g. VGG-19 or ResNeXt-50) to learn the relationship amongst the different body parts and deliver a score for the movement quality. We release the only publicly-available, multi-view, non-skeleton, non-mocap, rehabilitation movement dataset (QMAR), and provide results for both cross-subject and cross-view scenarios on this dataset. We show that VI-Net achieves average rank correlation of 0.66 on cross-subject and 0.65 on unseen views when trained on only two views. We also evaluate the proposed method on the single-view rehabilitation dataset KIMORE and obtain 0.66 rank correlation against a baseline of 0.62.      
### 41.Retrieval Guided Unsupervised Multi-domain Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04991.pdf)
>  Image to image translation aims to learn a mapping that transforms an image from one visual domain to another. Recent works assume that images descriptors can be disentangled into a domain-invariant content representation and a domain-specific style representation. Thus, translation models seek to preserve the content of source images while changing the style to a target visual domain. However, synthesizing new images is extremely challenging especially in multi-domain translations, as the network has to compose content and style to generate reliable and diverse images in multiple domains. In this paper we propose the use of an image retrieval system to assist the image-to-image translation task. First, we train an image-to-image translation model to map images to multiple domains. Then, we train an image retrieval model using real and generated images to find images similar to a query one in content but in a different domain. Finally, we exploit the image retrieval system to fine-tune the image-to-image translation model and generate higher quality images. Our experiments show the effectiveness of the proposed solution and highlight the contribution of the retrieval network, which can benefit from additional unlabeled data and help image-to-image translation models in the presence of scarce data.      
### 42.Campus3D: A Photogrammetry Point Cloud Benchmark for Hierarchical Understanding of Outdoor Scene  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04968.pdf)
>  Learning on 3D scene-based point cloud has received extensive attention as its promising application in many fields, and well-annotated and multisource datasets can catalyze the development of those data-driven approaches. To facilitate the research of this area, we present a richly-annotated 3D point cloud dataset for multiple outdoor scene understanding tasks and also an effective learning framework for its hierarchical segmentation task. The dataset was generated via the photogrammetric processing on unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) images of the National University of Singapore (NUS) campus, and has been point-wisely annotated with both hierarchical and instance-based labels. Based on it, we formulate a hierarchical learning problem for 3D point cloud segmentation and propose a measurement evaluating consistency across various hierarchies. To solve this problem, a two-stage method including multi-task (MT) learning and hierarchical ensemble (HE) with consistency consideration is proposed. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method and potential advantages of our hierarchical annotations. In addition, we benchmark results of semantic and instance segmentation, which is accessible online at https://3d.dataset.site with the dataset and all source codes.      
### 43.Image segmentation via Cellular Automata  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04965.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new approach for building cellular automata to solve real-world segmentation problems. <br>We design and train a cellular automaton that can successfully segment high-resolution images. <br>We consider a colony that densely inhabits the pixel grid, and all cells are governed by a randomized update that uses the current state, the color, and the state of the $3\times 3$ neighborhood. <br>The space of possible rules is defined by a small neural network. <br>The update rule is applied repeatedly in parallel to a large random subset of cells and after convergence is used to produce segmentation masks that are then back-propagated to learn the optimal update rules using standard gradient descent methods. <br>We demonstrate that such models can be learned efficiently with only limited trajectory length and that they show remarkable ability to organize the information to produce a globally consistent segmentation result, using only local information exchange. <br>From a practical perspective, our approach allows us to build very efficient models -- our smallest automata use less than 10,000 paramaters to solve complex segmentation tasks.      
### 44.Little Motion, Big Results: Using Motion Magnification to Reveal Subtle Tremors in Infants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04946.pdf)
>  Detecting tremors is challenging for both humans and machines. Infants exposed to opioids during pregnancy often show signs and symptoms of withdrawal after birth, which are easy to miss with the human eye. The constellation of clinical features, termed as Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS), include tremors, seizures, irritability, etc. The current standard of care uses Finnegan Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome Scoring System (FNASS), based on subjective evaluations. Monitoring with FNASS requires highly skilled nursing staff, making continuous monitoring difficult. In this paper we propose an automated tremor detection system using amplified motion signals. We demonstrate its applicability on bedside video of infant exhibiting signs of NAS. Further, we test different modes of deep convolutional network based motion magnification, and identify that dynamic mode works best in the clinical setting, being invariant to common orientational changes. We propose a strategy for discharge and follow up for NAS patients, using motion magnification to supplement the existing protocols. Overall our study suggests methods for bridging the gap in current practices, training and resource utilization.      
### 45.PX-NET: Simple, Efficient Pixel-Wise Training of Photometric Stereo Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04933.pdf)
>  Retrieving accurate 3D reconstructions of objects from the way they reflect light is a very challenging task in computer vision. Despite more than four decades since the definition of the Photometric Stereo problem, most of the literature has had limited success when global illumination effects such as cast shadows, self-reflections and ambient light come into play, especially for specular surfaces. <br>Recent approaches have leveraged the power of deep learning in conjunction with computer graphics in order to cope with the need of a vast number of training data in order to invert the image irradiance equation and retrieve the geometry of the object. However, rendering global illumination effects is a slow process which can limit the amount of training data that can be generated. <br>In this work we propose a novel pixel-wise training procedure for normal prediction by replacing the training data of globally rendered images with independent per-pixel renderings. We show that robustness to global physical effects can be achieved via data-augmentation which greatly simplifies and speeds up the data creation procedure. Our network, PX-NET, achieves the state-of-the-art performance on synthetic datasets, as well as the Diligent real dataset.      
### 46.Renal Cell Carcinoma Detection and Subtyping with Minimal Point-Based Annotation in Whole-Slide Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05332.pdf)
>  Obtaining a large amount of labeled data in medical imaging is laborious and time-consuming, especially for histopathology. However, it is much easier and cheaper to get unlabeled data from whole-slide images (WSIs). Semi-supervised learning (SSL) is an effective way to utilize unlabeled data and alleviate the need for labeled data. For this reason, we proposed a framework that employs an SSL method to accurately detect cancerous regions with a novel annotation method called Minimal Point-Based annotation, and then utilize the predicted results with an innovative hybrid loss to train a classification model for subtyping. The annotator only needs to mark a few points and label them are cancer or not in each WSI. Experiments on three significant subtypes of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) proved that the performance of the classifier trained with the Min-Point annotated dataset is comparable to a classifier trained with the segmentation annotated dataset for cancer region detection. And the subtyping model outperforms a model trained with only diagnostic labels by 12% in terms of f1-score for testing WSIs.      
### 47.Learning to Learn from Mistakes: Robust Optimization for Adversarial Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05247.pdf)
>  Sensitivity to adversarial noise hinders deployment of machine learning algorithms in security-critical applications. Although many adversarial defenses have been proposed, robustness to adversarial noise remains an open problem. The most compelling defense, adversarial training, requires a substantial increase in processing time and it has been shown to overfit on the training data. In this paper, we aim to overcome these limitations by training robust models in low data regimes and transfer adversarial knowledge between different models. We train a meta-optimizer which learns to robustly optimize a model using adversarial examples and is able to transfer the knowledge learned to new models, without the need to generate new adversarial examples. Experimental results show the meta-optimizer is consistent across different architectures and data sets, suggesting it is possible to automatically patch adversarial vulnerabilities.      
### 48.Compression of Deep Learning Models for Text: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05221.pdf)
>  In recent years, the fields of natural language processing (NLP) and information retrieval (IR) have made tremendous progress thanks to deep learning models like Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), Gated Recurrent Units (GRUs) and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTMs) networks, and Transformer based models like Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT). But these models are humongous in size. On the other hand, real world applications demand small model size, low response times and low computational power wattage. In this survey, we discuss six different types of methods (Pruning, Quantization, Knowledge Distillation, Parameter Sharing, Tensor Decomposition, and Linear Transformer based methods) for compression of such models to enable their deployment in real industry NLP projects. Given the critical need of building applications with efficient and small models, and the large amount of recently published work in this area, we believe that this survey organizes the plethora of work done by the 'deep learning for NLP' community in the past few years and presents it as a coherent story.      
### 49.Large-Scale Analysis of Iliopsoas Muscle Volumes in the UK Biobank  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05217.pdf)
>  Psoas muscle measurements are frequently used as markers of sarcopenia and predictors of health. Manually measured cross-sectional areas are most commonly used, but there is a lack of consistency regarding the position of the measurementand manual annotations are not practical for large population studies. We have developed a fully automated method to measure iliopsoas muscle volume (comprised of the psoas and iliacus muscles) using a convolutional neural network. Magnetic resonance images were obtained from the UK Biobank for 5,000 male and female participants, balanced for age, gender and BMI. Ninety manual annotations were available for model training and validation. The model showed excellent performance against out-of-sample data (dice score coefficient of 0.912 +/- 0.018). Iliopsoas muscle volumes were successfully measured in all 5,000 participants. Iliopsoas volume was greater in male compared with female subjects. There was a small but significant asymmetry between left and right iliopsoas muscle volumes. We also found that iliopsoas volume was significantly related to height, BMI and age, and that there was an acceleration in muscle volume decrease in men with age. Our method provides a robust technique for measuring iliopsoas muscle volume that can be applied to large cohorts.      
### 50.An Inter- and Intra-Band Loss for Pansharpening Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05133.pdf)
>  Pansharpening aims to fuse panchromatic and multispectral images from the satellite to generate images with both high spatial and spectral resolution. With the successful applications of deep learning in the computer vision field, a lot of scholars have proposed many convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to solve the pansharpening task. These pansharpening networks focused on various distinctive structures of CNNs, and most of them are trained by L2 loss between fused images and simulated desired multispectral images. However, L2 loss is designed to directly minimize the difference of spectral information of each band, which does not consider the inter-band relations in the training process. In this letter, we propose a novel inter- and intra-band (IIB) loss to overcome the drawback of original L2 loss. Our proposed IIB loss can effectively preserve both inter- and intra-band relations and can be directly applied to different pansharpening CNNs.      
### 51.A Longitudinal Method for Simultaneous Whole-Brain and Lesion Segmentation in Multiple Sclerosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05117.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a novel method for the segmentation of longitudinal brain MRI scans of patients suffering from Multiple Sclerosis. The method builds upon an existing cross-sectional method for simultaneous whole-brain and lesion segmentation, introducing subject-specific latent variables to encourage temporal consistency between longitudinal scans. It is very generally applicable, as it does not make any prior assumptions on the scanner, the MRI protocol, or the number and timing of longitudinal follow-up scans. Preliminary experiments on three longitudinal datasets indicate that the proposed method produces more reliable segmentations and detects disease effects better than the cross-sectional method it is based upon.      
### 52.FATNN: Fast and Accurate Ternary Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05101.pdf)
>  Ternary Neural Networks (TNNs) have received much attention due to being potentially orders of magnitude faster in inference, as well as more power efficient, than full-precision counterparts. However, 2 bits are required to encode the ternary representation with only 3 quantization levels leveraged. As a result, conventional TNNs have similar memory consumption and speed compared with the standard 2-bit models, but have worse representational capability. Moreover, there is still a significant gap in accuracy between TNNs and full-precision networks, hampering their deployment to real applications. To tackle these two challenges, in this work, we first show that, under some mild constraints, the computational complexity of ternary inner product can be reduced by 2x. Second, to mitigate the performance gap, we elaborately design an implementation-dependent ternary quantization algorithm. The proposed framework is termed Fast and Accurate Ternary Neural Networks (FATNN). Experiments on image classification demonstrate that our FATNN surpasses the state-of-the-arts by a significant margin in accuracy. More importantly, speedup evaluation comparing with various precisions is analyzed on several platforms, which serves as a strong benchmark for further research.      
### 53.Self-supervised Light Field View Synthesis Using Cycle Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05084.pdf)
>  High angular resolution is advantageous for practical applications of light fields. In order to enhance the angular resolution of light fields, view synthesis methods can be utilized to generate dense intermediate views from sparse light field input. Most successful view synthesis methods are learning-based approaches which require a large amount of training data paired with ground truth. However, collecting such large datasets for light fields is challenging compared to natural images or videos. To tackle this problem, we propose a self-supervised light field view synthesis framework with cycle consistency. The proposed method aims to transfer prior knowledge learned from high quality natural video datasets to the light field view synthesis task, which reduces the need for labeled light field data. A cycle consistency constraint is used to build bidirectional mapping enforcing the generated views to be consistent with the input views. Derived from this key concept, two loss functions, cycle loss and reconstruction loss, are used to fine-tune the pre-trained model of a state-of-the-art video interpolation method. The proposed method is evaluated on various datasets to validate its robustness, and results show it not only achieves competitive performance compared to supervised fine-tuning, but also outperforms state-of-the-art light field view synthesis methods, especially when generating multiple intermediate views. Besides, our generic light field view synthesis framework can be adopted to any pre-trained model for advanced video interpolation.      
### 54.End-to-End Rate-Distortion Optimization for Bi-Directional Learned Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05028.pdf)
>  Conventional video compression methods employ a linear transform and block motion model, and the steps of motion estimation, mode and quantization parameter selection, and entropy coding are optimized individually due to combinatorial nature of the end-to-end optimization problem. Learned video compression allows end-to-end rate-distortion optimized training of all nonlinear modules, quantization parameter and entropy model simultaneously. While previous work on learned video compression considered training a sequential video codec based on end-to-end optimization of cost averaged over pairs of successive frames, it is well-known in conventional video compression that hierarchical, bi-directional coding outperforms sequential compression. In this paper, we propose for the first time end-to-end optimization of a hierarchical, bi-directional motion compensated learned codec by accumulating cost function over fixed-size groups of pictures (GOP). Experimental results show that the rate-distortion performance of our proposed learned bi-directional {\it GOP coder} outperforms the state-of-the-art end-to-end optimized learned sequential compression as expected.      
### 55.Learned Proximal Networks for Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05024.pdf)
>  Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping (QSM) estimates tissue magnetic susceptibility distributions from Magnetic Resonance (MR) phase measurements by solving an ill-posed dipole inversion problem. Conventional single orientation QSM methods usually employ regularization strategies to stabilize such inversion, but may suffer from streaking artifacts or over-smoothing. Multiple orientation QSM such as calculation of susceptibility through multiple orientation sampling (COSMOS) can give well-conditioned inversion and an artifact free solution but has expensive acquisition costs. On the other hand, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) show great potential for medical image reconstruction, albeit often with limited interpretability. Here, we present a Learned Proximal Convolutional Neural Network (LP-CNN) for solving the ill-posed QSM dipole inversion problem in an iterative proximal gradient descent fashion. This approach combines the strengths of data-driven restoration priors and the clear interpretability of iterative solvers that can take into account the physical model of dipole convolution. During training, our LP-CNN learns an implicit regularizer via its proximal, enabling the decoupling between the forward operator and the data-driven parameters in the reconstruction algorithm. More importantly, this framework is believed to be the first deep learning QSM approach that can naturally handle an arbitrary number of phase input measurements without the need for any ad-hoc rotation or re-training. We demonstrate that the LP-CNN provides state-of-the-art reconstruction results compared to both traditional and deep learning methods while allowing for more flexibility in the reconstruction process.      
### 56.Automatic assembly of aero engine low pressure turbine shaft based on 3D vision measurement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04903.pdf)
>  In order to solve the problem of low automation of Aero-engine Turbine shaft assembly and the difficulty of non-contact high-precision measurement, a structured light binocular measurement technology for key components of aero-engine is proposed in this paper. Combined with three-dimensional point cloud data processing and assembly position matching algorithm, the high-precision measurement of shaft hole assembly posture in the process of turbine shaft docking is realized. Firstly, the screw thread curve on the bolt surface is segmented based on PCA projection and edge point cloud clustering, and Hough transform is used to model fit the three-dimensional thread curve. Then the preprocessed two-dimensional convex hull is constructed to segment the key hole location features, and the mounting surface and hole location obtained by segmentation are fitted based on RANSAC method. Finally, the geometric feature matching is used the evaluation index of turbine shaft assembly is established to optimize the pose. The final measurement accuracy of mounting surface matching is less than 0.05mm, and the measurement accuracy of mounting hole matching based on minimum ance optimization is less than 0.1 degree. The measurement algorithm is implemented on the automatic assembly test-bed of a certain type of aero-engine low-pressure turbine rotor. In the narrow installation space, the assembly process of the turbine shaft assembly, such as the automatic alignment and docking of the shaft hole, the automatic heating and temperature measurement of the installation seam, and the automatic tightening of the two guns, are realized in the narrow installation space Guidance, real-time inspection and assembly result evaluation.      
