# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 6 Aug 2020
### 1.NeRF in the Wild: Neural Radiance Fields for Unconstrained Photo Collections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02268.pdf)
>  We present a learning-based method for synthesizing novel views of complex outdoor scenes using only unstructured collections of in-the-wild photographs. We build on neural radiance fields (NeRF), which uses the weights of a multilayer perceptron to implicitly model the volumetric density and color of a scene. While NeRF works well on images of static subjects captured under controlled settings, it is incapable of modeling many ubiquitous, real-world phenomena in uncontrolled images, such as variable illumination or transient occluders. In this work, we introduce a series of extensions to NeRF to address these issues, thereby allowing for accurate reconstructions from unstructured image collections taken from the internet. We apply our system, which we dub NeRF-W, to internet photo collections of famous landmarks, thereby producing photorealistic, spatially consistent scene representations despite unknown and confounding factors, resulting in significant improvement over the state of the art.      
### 2.Learning Long-term Visual Dynamics with Region Proposal Interaction Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02265.pdf)
>  Learning long-term dynamics models is the key to understanding physical common sense. Most existing approaches on learning dynamics from visual input sidestep long-term predictions by resorting to rapid re-planning with short-term models. This not only requires such models to be super accurate but also limits them only to tasks where an agent can continuously obtain feedback and take action at each step until completion. In this paper, we aim to leverage the ideas from success stories in visual recognition tasks to build object representations that can capture inter-object and object-environment interactions over a long range. To this end, we propose Region Proposal Interaction Networks (RPIN), which reason about each object's trajectory in a latent region-proposal feature space. Thanks to the simple yet effective object representation, our approach outperforms prior methods by a significant margin both in terms of prediction quality and their ability to plan for downstream tasks, and also generalize well to novel environments. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HaozhiQi/RPIN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 3.Performance Improvement of Path Planning algorithms with Deep Learning Encoder Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02254.pdf)
>  Currently, path planning algorithms are used in many daily tasks. They are relevant to find the best route in traffic and make autonomous robots able to navigate. The use of path planning presents some issues in large and dynamic environments. Large environments make these algorithms spend much time finding the shortest path. On the other hand, dynamic environments request a new execution of the algorithm each time a change occurs in the environment, and it increases the execution time. The dimensionality reduction appears as a solution to this problem, which in this context means removing useless paths present in those environments. Most of the algorithms that reduce dimensionality are limited to the linear correlation of the input data. Recently, a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) Encoder was used to overcome this situation since it can use both linear and non-linear information to data reduction. This paper analyzes in-depth the performance to eliminate the useless paths using this CNN Encoder model. To measure the mentioned model efficiency, we combined it with different path planning algorithms. Next, the final algorithms (combined and not combined) are checked in a database that is composed of five scenarios. Each scenario contains fixed and dynamic obstacles. Their proposed model, the CNN Encoder, associated to other existent path planning algorithms in the literature, was able to obtain a time decrease to find the shortest path in comparison to all path planning algorithms analyzed. the average decreased time was 54.43 %.      
### 4.Fully Automated and Standardized Segmentation of Adipose Tissue Compartments by Deep Learning in Three-dimensional Whole-body MRI of Epidemiological Cohort Studies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02251.pdf)
>  Purpose: To enable fast and reliable assessment of subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue compartments derived from whole-body MRI. Methods: Quantification and localization of different adipose tissue compartments from whole-body MR images is of high interest to examine metabolic conditions. For correct identification and phenotyping of individuals at increased risk for metabolic diseases, a reliable automatic segmentation of adipose tissue into subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue is required. In this work we propose a 3D convolutional neural network (DCNet) to provide a robust and objective segmentation. In this retrospective study, we collected 1000 cases (66$\pm$ 13 years; 523 women) from the Tuebingen Family Study and from the German Center for Diabetes research (TUEF/DZD), as well as 300 cases (53$\pm$ 11 years; 152 women) from the German National Cohort (NAKO) database for model training, validation, and testing with a transfer learning between the cohorts. These datasets had variable imaging sequences, imaging contrasts, receiver coil arrangements, scanners and imaging field strengths. The proposed DCNet was compared against a comparable 3D UNet segmentation in terms of sensitivity, specificity, precision, accuracy, and Dice overlap. Results: Fast (5-7seconds) and reliable adipose tissue segmentation can be obtained with high Dice overlap (0.94), sensitivity (96.6%), specificity (95.1%), precision (92.1%) and accuracy (98.4%) from 3D whole-body MR datasets (field of view coverage 450x450x2000mm${}^3$). Segmentation masks and adipose tissue profiles are automatically reported back to the referring physician. Conclusion: Automatic adipose tissue segmentation is feasible in 3D whole-body MR data sets and is generalizable to different epidemiological cohort studies with the proposed DCNet.      
### 5.Can You Read Me Now? Content Aware Rectification using Angle Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02231.pdf)
>  The ubiquity of smartphone cameras has led to more and more documents being captured by cameras rather than scanned. Unlike flatbed scanners, photographed documents are often folded and crumpled, resulting in large local variance in text structure. The problem of document rectification is fundamental to the Optical Character Recognition (OCR) process on documents, and its ability to overcome geometric distortions significantly affects recognition accuracy. Despite the great progress in recent OCR systems, most still rely on a pre-process that ensures the text lines are straight and axis aligned. Recent works have tackled the problem of rectifying document images taken in-the-wild using various supervision signals and alignment means. However, they focused on global features that can be extracted from the document's boundaries, ignoring various signals that could be obtained from the document's content. <br>We present CREASE: Content Aware Rectification using Angle Supervision, the first learned method for document rectification that relies on the document's content, the location of the words and specifically their orientation, as hints to assist in the rectification process. We utilize a novel pixel-wise angle regression approach and a curvature estimation side-task for optimizing our rectification model. Our method surpasses previous approaches in terms of OCR accuracy, geometric error and visual similarity.      
### 6.Domain-Specific Mappings for Generative Adversarial Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02198.pdf)
>  Style transfer generates an image whose content comes from one image and style from the other. Image-to-image translation approaches with disentangled representations have been shown effective for style transfer between two image categories. However, previous methods often assume a shared domain-invariant content space, which could compromise the content representation power. For addressing this issue, this paper leverages domain-specific mappings for remapping latent features in the shared content space to domain-specific content spaces. This way, images can be encoded more properly for style transfer. Experiments show that the proposed method outperforms previous style transfer methods, particularly on challenging scenarios that would require semantic correspondences between images. Code and results are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://acht7111020.github.io/DSMAP-demo/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Active Perception using Light Curtains for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02191.pdf)
>  Most real-world 3D sensors such as LiDARs perform fixed scans of the entire environment, while being decoupled from the recognition system that processes the sensor data. In this work, we propose a method for 3D object recognition using light curtains, a resource-efficient controllable sensor that measures depth at user-specified locations in the environment. Crucially, we propose using prediction uncertainty of a deep learning based 3D point cloud detector to guide active perception. Given a neural network's uncertainty, we derive an optimization objective to place light curtains using the principle of maximizing information gain. Then, we develop a novel and efficient optimization algorithm to maximize this objective by encoding the physical constraints of the device into a constraint graph and optimizing with dynamic programming. We show how a 3D detector can be trained to detect objects in a scene by sequentially placing uncertainty-guided light curtains to successively improve detection accuracy. Code and details can be found on the project webpage: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://siddancha.github.io/projects/active-perception-light-curtains" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 8.Tiny-YOLO object detection supplemented with geometrical data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02170.pdf)
>  We propose a method of improving detection precision (mAP) with the help of the prior knowledge about the scene geometry: we assume the scene to be a plane with objects placed on it. We focus our attention on autonomous robots, so given the robot's dimensions and the inclination angles of the camera, it is possible to predict the spatial scale for each pixel of the input frame. With slightly modified YOLOv3-tiny we demonstrate that the detection supplemented by the scale channel, further referred as S, outperforms standard RGB-based detection with small computational overhead.      
### 9.Self-supervised Temporal Discriminative Learning for Video Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02129.pdf)
>  Temporal cues in videos provide important information for recognizing actions accurately. However, temporal-discriminative features can hardly be extracted without using an annotated large-scale video action dataset for training. This paper proposes a novel Video-based Temporal-Discriminative Learning (VTDL) framework in self-supervised manner. Without labelled data for network pretraining, temporal triplet is generated for each anchor video by using segment of the same or different time interval so as to enhance the capacity for temporal feature representation. Measuring temporal information by time derivative, Temporal Consistent Augmentation (TCA) is designed to ensure that the time derivative (in any order) of the augmented positive is invariant except for a scaling constant. Finally, temporal-discriminative features are learnt by minimizing the distance between each anchor and its augmented positive, while the distance between each anchor and its augmented negative as well as other videos saved in the memory bank is maximized to enrich the representation diversity. In the downstream action recognition task, the proposed method significantly outperforms existing related works. Surprisingly, the proposed self-supervised approach is better than fully-supervised methods on UCF101 and HMDB51 when a small-scale video dataset (with only thousands of videos) is used for pre-training. The code has been made publicly available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FingerRec/Self-Supervised-Temporal-Discriminative-Representation-Learning-for-Video-Action-Recognition" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Duality Diagram Similarity: a generic framework for initialization selection in task transfer learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02107.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle an open research question in transfer learning, which is selecting a model initialization to achieve high performance on a new task, given several pre-trained models. We propose a new highly efficient and accurate approach based on duality diagram similarity (DDS) between deep neural networks (DNNs). DDS is a generic framework to represent and compare data of different feature dimensions. We validate our approach on the Taskonomy dataset by measuring the correspondence between actual transfer learning performance rankings on 17 taskonomy tasks and predicted rankings. Computing DDS based ranking for $17\times17$ transfers requires less than 2 minutes and shows a high correlation ($0.86$) with actual transfer learning rankings, outperforming state-of-the-art methods by a large margin ($10\%$) on the Taskonomy benchmark. We also demonstrate the robustness of our model selection approach to a new task, namely Pascal VOC semantic segmentation. Additionally, we show that our method can be applied to select the best layer locations within a DNN for transfer learning on 2D, 3D and semantic tasks on NYUv2 and Pascal VOC datasets.      
### 11.Point Proposal Network: Accelerating Point Source Detection Through Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02093.pdf)
>  Point source detection techniques are used to identify and localise point sources in radio astronomical surveys. With the development of the Square Kilometre Array (SKA) telescope, survey images will see a massive increase in size from Gigapixels to Terapixels. Point source detection has already proven to be a challenge in recent surveys performed by SKA pathfinder telescopes. This paper proposes the Point Proposal Network (PPN): a point source detector that utilises deep convolutional neural networks for fast source detection. Results measured on simulated MeerKAT images show that, although less precise when compared to leading alternative approaches, PPN performs source detection faster and is able to scale to large images, unlike the alternative approaches.      
### 12.Self-supervised learning using consistency regularization of spatio-temporal data augmentation for action recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02086.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning has shown great potentials in improving the deep learning model in an unsupervised manner by constructing surrogate supervision signals directly from the unlabeled data. Different from existing works, we present a novel way to obtain the surrogate supervision signal based on high-level feature maps under consistency regularization. In this paper, we propose a Spatio-Temporal Consistency Regularization between different output features generated from a siamese network including a clean path fed with original video and a noise path fed with the corresponding augmented video. Based on the Spatio-Temporal characteristics of video, we develop two video-based data augmentation methods, i.e., Spatio-Temporal Transformation and Intra-Video Mixup. Consistency of the former one is proposed to model transformation consistency of features, while the latter one aims at retaining spatial invariance to extract action-related features. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method achieves substantial improvements compared with state-of-the-art self-supervised learning methods for action recognition. When using our method as an additional regularization term and combine with current surrogate supervision signals, we achieve 22% relative improvement over the previous state-of-the-art on HMDB51 and 7% on UCF101.      
### 13.Compact Graph Architecture for Speech Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02063.pdf)
>  We propose a deep graph approach to address the task of speech emotion recognition. A compact, efficient and scalable way to represent data is in the form of graphs. Following the theory of graph signal processing, we propose to model speech signal as a cycle graph or a line graph. Such graph structure enables us to construct a graph convolution network (GCN)-based architecture that can perform an \emph{accurate} graph convolution in contrast to the approximate convolution used in standard GCNs. We evaluated the performance of our model for speech emotion recognition on the popular IEMOCAP database. Our model outperforms standard GCN and other relevant deep graph architectures indicating the effectiveness of our approach. When compared with existing speech emotion recognition methods, our model achieves state-of-the-art performance (4-class, $65.29\%$) with significantly fewer learnable parameters.      
### 14.Pose-based Modular Network for Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02042.pdf)
>  Human-object interaction(HOI) detection is a critical task in scene understanding. The goal is to infer the triplet &lt;subject, predicate, object&gt; in a scene. In this work, we note that the human pose itself as well as the relative spatial information of the human pose with respect to the target object can provide informative cues for HOI detection. We contribute a Pose-based Modular Network (PMN) which explores the absolute pose features and relative spatial pose features to improve HOI detection and is fully compatible with existing networks. Our module consists of a branch that first processes the relative spatial pose features of each joint independently. Another branch updates the absolute pose features via fully connected graph structures. The processed pose features are then fed into an action classifier. To evaluate our proposed method, we combine the module with the state-of-the-art model named VS-GATs and obtain significant improvement on two public benchmarks: V-COCO and HICO-DET, which shows its efficacy and flexibility. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/birlrobotics/PMN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 15.Beyond Controlled Environments: 3D Camera Re-Localization in Changing Indoor Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02004.pdf)
>  Long-term camera re-localization is an important task with numerous computer vision and robotics applications. Whilst various outdoor benchmarks exist that target lighting, weather and seasonal changes, far less attention has been paid to appearance changes that occur indoors. This has led to a mismatch between popular indoor benchmarks, which focus on static scenes, and indoor environments that are of interest for many real-world applications. In this paper, we adapt 3RScan - a recently introduced indoor RGB-D dataset designed for object instance re-localization - to create RIO10, a new long-term camera re-localization benchmark focused on indoor scenes. We propose new metrics for evaluating camera re-localization and explore how state-of-the-art camera re-localizers perform according to these metrics. We also examine in detail how different types of scene change affect the performance of different methods, based on novel ways of detecting such changes in a given RGB-D frame. Our results clearly show that long-term indoor re-localization is an unsolved problem. Our benchmark and tools are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://waldjohannau.github.io/RIO10" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 16.Fast top-K Cosine Similarity Search through XOR-Friendly Binary Quantization on GPUs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02002.pdf)
>  We explore the use of GPU for accelerating large scale nearest neighbor search and we propose a fast vector-quantization-based exhaustive nearest neighbor search algorithm that can achieve high accuracy without any indexing construction specifically designed for cosine similarity. This algorithm uses a novel XOR-friendly binary quantization method to encode floating-point numbers such that high-complexity multiplications can be optimized as low-complexity bitwise operations. Experiments show that, our quantization method takes short preprocessing time, and helps make the search speed of our exhaustive search method much more faster than that of popular approximate nearest neighbor algorithms when high accuracy is needed.      
### 17.F2GAN: Fusing-and-Filling GAN for Few-shot Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01999.pdf)
>  In order to generate images for a given category, existing deep generative models generally rely on abundant training images. However, extensive data acquisition is expensive and fast learning ability from limited data is necessarily required in real-world applications. Also, these existing methods are not well-suited for fast adaptation to a new category. <br>Few-shot image generation, aiming to generate images from only a few images for a new category, has attracted some research interest. In this paper, we propose a Fusing-and-Filling Generative Adversarial Network (F2GAN) to generate realistic and diverse images for a new category with only a few images. In our F2GAN, a fusion generator is designed to fuse the high-level features of conditional images with random interpolation coefficients, and then fills in attended low-level details with non-local attention module to produce a new image. Moreover, our discriminator can ensure the diversity of generated images by a mode seeking loss and an interpolation regression loss. Extensive experiments on five datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method for few-shot image generation.      
### 18.Subclass Contrastive Loss for Injured Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01993.pdf)
>  Deaths and injuries are common in road accidents, violence, and natural disaster. In such cases, one of the main tasks of responders is to retrieve the identity of the victims to reunite families and ensure proper identification of deceased/ injured individuals. Apart from this, identification of unidentified dead bodies due to violence and accidents is crucial for the police investigation. In the absence of identification cards, current practices for this task include DNA profiling and dental profiling. Face is one of the most commonly used and widely accepted biometric modalities for recognition. However, face recognition is challenging in the presence of facial injuries such as swelling, bruises, blood clots, laceration, and avulsion which affect the features used in recognition. In this paper, for the first time, we address the problem of injured face recognition and propose a novel Subclass Contrastive Loss (SCL) for this task. A novel database, termed as Injured Face (IF) database, is also created to instigate research in this direction. Experimental analysis shows that the proposed loss function surpasses existing algorithm for injured face recognition.      
### 19.MultiCheXNet: A Multi-Task Learning Deep Network For Pneumonia-like Diseases Diagnosis From X-ray Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01973.pdf)
>  We present MultiCheXNet, an end-to-end Multi-task learning model, that is able to take advantage of different X-rays data sets of Pneumonia-like diseases in one neural architecture, performing three tasks at the same time; diagnosis, segmentation and localization. The common encoder in our architecture can capture useful common features present in the different tasks. The common encoder has another advantage of efficient computations, which speeds up the inference time compared to separate models. The specialized decoders heads can then capture the task-specific features. We employ teacher forcing to address the issue of negative samples that hurt the segmentation and localization performance. Finally,we employ transfer learning to fine tune the classifier on unseen pneumonia-like diseases. The MTL architecture can be trained on joint or dis-joint labeled data sets. The training of the architecture follows a carefully designed protocol, that pre trains different sub-models on specialized datasets, before being integrated in the joint MTL model. Our experimental setup involves variety of data sets, where the baseline performance of the 3 tasks is compared to the MTL architecture performance. Moreover, we evaluate the transfer learning mode to COVID-19 data set,both from individual classifier model, and from MTL architecture classification head.      
### 20.A feature-supervised generative adversarial network for environmental monitoring during hazy days  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01942.pdf)
>  The adverse haze weather condition has brought considerable difficulties in vision-based environmental applications. While, until now, most of the existing environmental monitoring studies are under ordinary conditions, and the studies of complex haze weather conditions have been ignored. Thence, this paper proposes a feature-supervised learning network based on generative adversarial networks (GAN) for environmental monitoring during hazy days. Its main idea is to train the model under the supervision of feature maps from the ground truth. Four key technical contributions are made in the paper. First, pairs of hazy and clean images are used as inputs to supervise the encoding process and obtain high-quality feature maps. Second, the basic GAN formulation is modified by introducing perception loss, style loss, and feature regularization loss to generate better results. Third, multi-scale images are applied as the input to enhance the performance of discriminator. Finally, a hazy remote sensing dataset is created for testing our dehazing method and environmental detection. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed method has achieved better performance than current state-of-the-art methods on both synthetic datasets and real-world remote sensing images.      
### 21.COALESCE: Component Assembly by Learning to Synthesize Connections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01936.pdf)
>  We introduce COALESCE, the first data-driven framework for component-based shape assembly which employs deep learning to synthesize part connections. To handle geometric and topological mismatches between parts, we remove the mismatched portions via erosion, and rely on a joint synthesis step, which is learned from data, to fill the gap and arrive at a natural and plausible part joint. Given a set of input parts extracted from different objects, COALESCE automatically aligns them and synthesizes plausible joints to connect the parts into a coherent 3D object represented by a mesh. The joint synthesis network, designed to focus on joint regions, reconstructs the surface between the parts by predicting an implicit shape representation that agrees with existing parts, while generating a smooth and topologically meaningful connection. We employ test-time optimization to further ensure that the synthesized joint region closely aligns with the input parts to create realistic component assemblies from diverse input parts. We demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms prior approaches including baseline deep models for 3D shape synthesis, as well as state-of-the-art methods for shape completion.      
### 22.Component Divide-and-Conquer for Real-World Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01928.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a large-scale Diverse Real-world image Super-Resolution dataset, i.e., DRealSR, as well as a divide-and-conquer Super-Resolution (SR) network, exploring the utility of guiding SR model with low-level image components. DRealSR establishes a new SR benchmark with diverse real-world degradation processes, mitigating the limitations of conventional simulated image degradation. In general, the targets of SR vary with image regions with different low-level image components, e.g., smoothness preserving for flat regions, sharpening for edges, and detail enhancing for textures. Learning an SR model with conventional pixel-wise loss usually is easily dominated by flat regions and edges, and fails to infer realistic details of complex textures. We propose a Component Divide-and-Conquer (CDC) model and a Gradient-Weighted (GW) loss for SR. Our CDC parses an image with three components, employs three Component-Attentive Blocks (CABs) to learn attentive masks and intermediate SR predictions with an intermediate supervision learning strategy, and trains an SR model following a divide-and-conquer learning principle. Our GW loss also provides a feasible way to balance the difficulties of image components for SR. Extensive experiments validate the superior performance of our CDC and the challenging aspects of our DRealSR dataset related to diverse real-world scenarios. Our dataset and codes are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiezw5/Component-Divide-and-Conquer-for-Real-World-Image-Super-Resolution" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 23.Graph Signal Processing for Geometric Data and Beyond: Theory and Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01918.pdf)
>  Geometric data acquired from real-world scenes, e.g., 2D depth images, 3D point clouds, and 4D dynamic point clouds, have found a wide range of applications including immersive telepresence, autonomous driving, surveillance, etc. Due to irregular sampling patterns of most geometric data, traditional image/video processing methodologies are limited, while Graph Signal Processing (GSP)---a fast-developing field in the signal processing community---enables processing signals that reside on irregular domains and plays a critical role in numerous applications of geometric data from low-level processing to high-level analysis. To further advance the research in this field, we provide the first timely and comprehensive overview of GSP methodologies for geometric data in a unified manner by bridging the connections between geometric data and graphs, among the various geometric data modalities, and with spectral/nodal graph filtering techniques. We also discuss the recently developed Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) and interpret the operation of these networks from the perspective of GSP. We conclude with a brief discussion of open problems and challenges.      
### 24.Multimodality Biomedical Image Registration using Free Point Transformer Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01885.pdf)
>  We describe a point-set registration algorithm based on a novel free point transformer (FPT) network, designed for points extracted from multimodal biomedical images for registration tasks, such as those frequently encountered in ultrasound-guided interventional procedures. FPT is constructed with a global feature extractor which accepts unordered source and target point-sets of variable size. The extracted features are conditioned by a shared multilayer perceptron point transformer module to predict a displacement vector for each source point, transforming it into the target space. The point transformer module assumes no vicinity or smoothness in predicting spatial transformation and, together with the global feature extractor, is trained in a data-driven fashion with an unsupervised loss function. In a multimodal registration task using prostate MR and sparsely acquired ultrasound images, FPT yields comparable or improved results over other rigid and non-rigid registration methods. This demonstrates the versatility of FPT to learn registration directly from real, clinical training data and to generalize to a challenging task, such as the interventional application presented.      
### 25.Synthetic to Real Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Single-Stage Artwork Recognition in Cultural Sites  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01882.pdf)
>  Recognizing artworks in a cultural site using images acquired from the user's point of view (First Person Vision) allows to build interesting applications for both the visitors and the site managers. However, current object detection algorithms working in fully supervised settings need to be trained with large quantities of labeled data, whose collection requires a lot of times and high costs in order to achieve good performance. Using synthetic data generated from the 3D model of the cultural site to train the algorithms can reduce these costs. On the other hand, when these models are tested with real images, a significant drop in performance is observed due to the differences between real and synthetic images. In this study we consider the problem of Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for object detection in cultural sites. To address this problem, we created a new dataset containing both synthetic and real images of 16 different artworks. We hence investigated different domain adaptation techniques based on one-stage and two-stage object detector, image-to-image translation and feature alignment. Based on the observation that single-stage detectors are more robust to the domain shift in the considered settings, we proposed a new method based on RetinaNet and feature alignment that we called DA-RetinaNet. The proposed approach achieves better results than compared methods. To support research in this field we release the dataset at the following link <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://iplab.dmi.unict.it/EGO-CH-OBJ-UDA/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and the code of the proposed architecture at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fpv-iplab/DA-RetinaNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Implicit Saliency in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01874.pdf)
>  In this paper, we show that existing recognition and localization deep architectures, that have not been exposed to eye tracking data or any saliency datasets, are capable of predicting the human visual saliency. We term this as implicit saliency in deep neural networks. We calculate this implicit saliency using expectancy-mismatch hypothesis in an unsupervised fashion. Our experiments show that extracting saliency in this fashion provides comparable performance when measured against the state-of-art supervised algorithms. Additionally, the robustness outperforms those algorithms when we add large noise to the input images. Also, we show that semantic features contribute more than low-level features for human visual saliency detection.      
### 27.From Human Mesenchymal Stromal Cells to Osteosarcoma Cells Classification by Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01864.pdf)
>  Early diagnosis of cancer often allows for a more vast choice of therapy opportunities. After a cancer diagnosis, staging provides essential information about the extent of disease in the body and the expected response to a particular treatment. The leading importance of classifying cancer patients at the early stage into high or low-risk groups has led many research teams, both from the biomedical and bioinformatics field, to study the application of Deep Learning (DL) methods. The ability of DL to detect critical features from complex datasets is a significant achievement in early diagnosis and cell cancer progression. In this paper, we focus the attention on osteosarcoma. Osteosarcoma is one of the primary malignant bone tumors which usually afflicts people in adolescence. Our contribution to the classification of osteosarcoma cells is made as follows: a DL approach is applied to discriminate human Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) from osteosarcoma cells and to classify the different cell populations under investigation. Glass slides of differ-ent cell populations were cultured including MSCs, differentiated in healthy bone cells (osteoblasts) and osteosarcoma cells, both single cell populations or mixed. Images of such samples of isolated cells (single-type of mixed) are recorded with traditional optical microscopy. DL is then applied to identify and classify single cells. Proper data augmentation techniques and cross-fold validation are used to appreciate the capabilities of a convolutional neural network to address the cell detection and classification problem. Based on the results obtained on individual cells, and to the versatility and scalability of our DL approach, the next step will be its application to discriminate and classify healthy or cancer tissues to advance digital pathology.      
### 28.Importance of Self-Consistency in Active Learning for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01860.pdf)
>  We address the task of active learning in the context of semantic segmentation and show that self-consistency can be a powerful source of self-supervision to greatly improve the performance of a data-driven model with access to only a small amount of labeled data. Self-consistency uses the simple observation that the results of semantic segmentation for a specific image should not change under transformations like horizontal flipping (i.e., the results should only be flipped). In other words, the output of a model should be consistent under equivariant transformations. The self-supervisory signal of self-consistency is particularly helpful during active learning since the model is prone to overfitting when there is only a small amount of labeled training data. In our proposed active learning framework, we iteratively extract small image patches that need to be labeled, by selecting image patches that have high uncertainty (high entropy) under equivariant transformations. We enforce pixel-wise self-consistency between the outputs of segmentation network for each image and its transformation (horizontally flipped) to utilize the rich self-supervisory information and reduce the uncertainty of the network. In this way, we are able to find the image patches over which the current model struggles the most to classify. By iteratively training over these difficult image patches, our experiments show that our active learning approach reaches $\sim96\%$ of the top performance of a model trained on all data, by using only $12\%$ of the total data on benchmark semantic segmentation datasets (e.g., CamVid and Cityscapes).      
### 29.Deep Multi Depth Panoramas for View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01815.pdf)
>  We propose a learning-based approach for novel view synthesis for multi-camera 360$^{\circ}$ panorama capture rigs. Previous work constructs RGBD panoramas from such data, allowing for view synthesis with small amounts of translation, but cannot handle the disocclusions and view-dependent effects that are caused by large translations. To address this issue, we present a novel scene representation - Multi Depth Panorama (MDP) - that consists of multiple RGBD$\alpha$ panoramas that represent both scene geometry and appearance. We demonstrate a deep neural network-based method to reconstruct MDPs from multi-camera 360$^{\circ}$ images. MDPs are more compact than previous 3D scene representations and enable high-quality, efficient new view rendering. We demonstrate this via experiments on both synthetic and real data and comparisons with previous state-of-the-art methods spanning both learning-based approaches and classical RGBD-based methods.      
### 30.High resolution neural texture synthesis with long range constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01808.pdf)
>  The field of texture synthesis has witnessed important progresses over the last years, most notably through the use of Convolutional Neural Networks. However, neural synthesis methods still struggle to reproduce large scale structures, especially with high resolution textures. To address this issue, we first introduce a simple multi-resolution framework that efficiently accounts for long-range dependency. Then, we show that additional statistical constraints further improve the reproduction of textures with strong regularity. This can be achieved by constraining both the Gram matrices of a neural network and the power spectrum of the image. Alternatively one may constrain only the autocorrelation of the features of the network and drop the Gram matrices constraints. In an experimental part, the proposed methods are then extensively tested and compared to alternative approaches, both in an unsupervised way and through a user study. Experiments show the interest of the multi-scale scheme for high resolution textures and the interest of combining it with additional constraints for regular textures.      
### 31.Deep Learning Based Early Diagnostics of Parkinsons Disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01792.pdf)
>  In the world, about 7 to 10 million elderly people are suffering from Parkinson's Disease (PD) disease. Parkinson's disease is a common neurological degenerative disease, and its clinical characteristics are Tremors, rigidity, bradykinesia, and decreased autonomy. Its clinical manifestations are very similar to Multiple System Atrophy (MSA) disorders. Studies have shown that patients with Parkinson's disease often reach an irreparable situation when diagnosed, so As Parkinson's disease can be distinguished from MSA disease and get an early diagnosis, people are constantly exploring new methods. With the advent of the era of big data, deep learning has made major breakthroughs in image recognition and classification. Therefore, this study proposes to use The deep learning method to realize the diagnosis of Parkinson's disease, multiple system atrophy, and healthy people. This data source is from Istanbul University Cerrahpasa Faculty of Medicine Hospital. The processing of the original magnetic resonance image (Magnetic Resonance Image, MRI) is guided by the doctor of Istanbul University Cerrahpasa Faculty of Medicine Hospital. The focus of this experiment is to improve the existing neural network so that it can obtain good results in medical image recognition and diagnosis. An improved algorithm was proposed based on the pathological characteristics of Parkinson's disease, and good experimental results were obtained by comparing indicators such as model loss and accuracy.      
### 32.Entropy Guided Adversarial Model for Weakly Supervised Object Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01786.pdf)
>  Weakly Supervised Object Localization is challenging because of the lack of bounding box annotations. Previous works tend to generate a class activation map i.e CAM to localize the object. Unfortunately, the network activates only the features that discriminate the object and does not activate the whole object. Some methods tend to remove some parts of the object to force the CNN to detect other features, whereas, others change the network structure to generate multiple CAMs from different levels of the model. In this present article, we propose to take advantage of the generalization ability of the network and train the model using clean examples and adversarial examples to localize the whole object. Adversarial examples are typically used to train robust models and are images where a perturbation is added. To get a good classification accuracy, the CNN trained with adversarial examples is forced to detect more features that discriminate the object. We futher propose to apply the shannon entropy on the CAMs generated by the network to guide it during training. Our method does not erase any part of the image neither does it change the network architecure and extensive experiments show that our Entropy Guided Adversarial model (EGA model) improved performance on state of the arts benchmarks for both localization and classification accuracy.      
### 33.PAI-BPR: Personalized Outfit Recommendation Scheme with Attribute-wise Interpretability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01780.pdf)
>  Fashion is an important part of human experience. Events such as interviews, meetings, marriages, etc. are often based on clothing styles. The rise in the fashion industry and its effect on social influencing have made outfit compatibility a need. Thus, it necessitates an outfit compatibility model to aid people in clothing recommendation. However, due to the highly subjective nature of compatibility, it is necessary to account for personalization. Our paper devises an attribute-wise interpretable compatibility scheme with personal preference modelling which captures user-item interaction along with general item-item interaction. Our work solves the problem of interpretability in clothing matching by locating the discordant and harmonious attributes between fashion items. Extensive experiment results on IQON3000, a publicly available real-world dataset, verify the effectiveness of the proposed model.      
### 34.Making Sense of CNNs: Interpreting Deep Representations &amp; Their Invariances with INNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01777.pdf)
>  To tackle increasingly complex tasks, it has become an essential ability of neural networks to learn abstract representations. These task-specific representations and, particularly, the invariances they capture turn neural networks into black box models that lack interpretability. To open such a black box, it is, therefore, crucial to uncover the different semantic concepts a model has learned as well as those that it has learned to be invariant to. We present an approach based on INNs that (i) recovers the task-specific, learned invariances by disentangling the remaining factor of variation in the data and that (ii) invertibly transforms these recovered invariances combined with the model representation into an equally expressive one with accessible semantic concepts. As a consequence, neural network representations become understandable by providing the means to (i) expose their semantic meaning, (ii) semantically modify a representation, and (iii) visualize individual learned semantic concepts and invariances. Our invertible approach significantly extends the abilities to understand black box models by enabling post-hoc interpretations of state-of-the-art networks without compromising their performance. Our implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://compvis.github.io/invariances/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 35.COVID-19 in CXR: from Detection and Severity Scoring to Patient Disease Monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02150.pdf)
>  In this work, we estimate the severity of pneumonia in COVID-19 patients and conduct a longitudinal study of disease progression. To achieve this goal, we developed a deep learning model for simultaneous detection and segmentation of pneumonia in chest Xray (CXR) images and generalized to COVID-19 pneumonia. The segmentations were utilized to calculate a "Pneumonia Ratio" which indicates the disease severity. The measurement of disease severity enables to build a disease extent profile over time for hospitalized patients. To validate the model relevance to the patient monitoring task, we developed a validation strategy which involves a synthesis of Digital Reconstructed Radiographs (DRRs - synthetic Xray) from serial CT scans; we then compared the disease progression profiles that were generated from the DRRs to those that were generated from CT volumes.      
### 36.Structure Preserving Stain Normalization of Histopathology Images Using Self-Supervised Semantic Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02101.pdf)
>  Although generative adversarial network (GAN) based style transfer is state of the art in histopathology color-stain normalization, they do not explicitly integrate structural information of tissues. We propose a self-supervised approach to incorporate semantic guidance into a GAN based stain normalization framework and preserve detailed structural information. Our method does not require manual segmentation maps which is a significant advantage over existing methods. We integrate semantic information at different layers between a pre-trained semantic network and the stain color normalization network. The proposed scheme outperforms other color normalization methods leading to better classification and segmentation performance.      
### 37.Learning Boost by Exploiting the Auxiliary Task in Multi-task Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02043.pdf)
>  Learning two tasks in a single shared function has some benefits. Firstly by acquiring information from the second task, the shared function leverages useful information that could have been neglected or underestimated in the first task. Secondly, it helps to generalize the function that can be learned using generally applicable information for both tasks. To fully enjoy these benefits, Multi-task Learning (MTL) has long been researched in various domains such as computer vision, language understanding, and speech synthesis. While MTL benefits from the positive transfer of information from multiple tasks, in a real environment, tasks inevitably have a conflict between them during the learning phase, called negative transfer. The negative transfer hampers function from achieving the optimality and degrades the performance. To solve the problem of the task conflict, previous works only suggested partial solutions that are not fundamental, but ad-hoc. A common approach is using a weighted sum of losses. The weights are adjusted to induce positive transfer. Paradoxically, this kind of solution acknowledges the problem of negative transfer and cannot remove it unless the weight of the task is set to zero. Therefore, these previous methods had limited success. In this paper, we introduce a novel approach that can drive positive transfer and suppress negative transfer by leveraging class-wise weights in the learning process. The weights act as an arbitrator of the fundamental unit of information to determine its positive or negative status to the main task.      
### 38.Extracting and Leveraging Nodule Features with Lung Inpainting for Local Feature Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02030.pdf)
>  Chest X-ray (CXR) is the most common examination for fast detection of pulmonary abnormalities. Recently, automated algorithms have been developed to classify multiple diseases and abnormalities in CXR scans. However, because of the limited availability of scans containing nodules and the subtle properties of nodules in CXRs, state-of-the-art methods do not perform well on nodule classification. To create additional data for the training process, standard augmentation techniques are applied. However, the variance introduced by these methods are limited as the images are typically modified globally. In this paper, we propose a method for local feature augmentation by extracting local nodule features using a generative inpainting network. The network is applied to generate realistic, healthy tissue and structures in patches containing nodules. The nodules are entirely removed in the inpainted representation. The extraction of the nodule features is processed by subtraction of the inpainted patch from the nodule patch. With arbitrary displacement of the extracted nodules in the lung area across different CXR scans and further local modifications during training, we significantly increase the nodule classification performance and outperform state-of-the-art augmentation methods.      
### 39.Multiple Sclerosis Lesion Activity Segmentation with Attention-Guided Two-Path CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02001.pdf)
>  Multiple sclerosis is an inflammatory autoimmune demyelinating disease that is characterized by lesions in the central nervous system. Typically, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is used for tracking disease progression. Automatic image processing methods can be used to segment lesions and derive quantitative lesion parameters. So far, methods have focused on lesion segmentation for individual MRI scans. However, for monitoring disease progression, \textit{lesion activity} in terms of new and enlarging lesions between two time points is a crucial biomarker. For this problem, several classic methods have been proposed, e.g., using difference volumes. Despite their success for single-volume lesion segmentation, deep learning approaches are still rare for lesion activity segmentation. In this work, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are studied for lesion activity segmentation from two time points. For this task, CNNs are designed and evaluated that combine the information from two points in different ways. In particular, two-path architectures with attention-guided interactions are proposed that enable effective information exchange between the two time point's processing paths. It is demonstrated that deep learning-based methods outperform classic approaches and it is shown that attention-guided interactions significantly improve performance. Furthermore, the attention modules produce plausible attention maps that have a masking effect that suppresses old, irrelevant lesions. A lesion-wise false positive rate of 26.4% is achieved at a true positive rate of 74.2%, which is not significantly different from the interrater performance.      
### 40.Unsupervised seismic facies classification using deep convolutional autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01995.pdf)
>  With the increased size and complexity of seismic surveys, manual labeling of seismic facies has become a significant challenge. Application of automatic methods for seismic facies interpretation could significantly reduce the manual labor and subjectivity of a particular interpreter present in conventional methods. A recently emerged group of methods is based on deep neural networks. These approaches are data-driven and require large labeled datasets for network training. We apply a deep convolutional autoencoder for unsupervised seismic facies classification, which does not require manually labeled examples. The facies maps are generated by clustering the deep-feature vectors obtained from the input data. Our method yields accurate results on real data and provides them instantaneously. The proposed approach opens up possibilities to analyze geological patterns in real time without human intervention.      
### 41.More Than Accuracy: Towards Trustworthy Machine Learning Interfaces for Object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01980.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the user experience of visualizations of a machine learning (ML) system that recognizes objects in images. This is important since even good systems can fail in unexpected ways as misclassifications on photo-sharing websites showed. In our study, we exposed users with a background in ML to three visualizations of three systems with different levels of accuracy. In interviews, we explored how the visualization helped users assess the accuracy of systems in use and how the visualization and the accuracy of the system affected trust and reliance. We found that participants do not only focus on accuracy when assessing ML systems. They also take the perceived plausibility and severity of misclassification into account and prefer seeing the probability of predictions. Semantically plausible errors are judged as less severe than errors that are implausible, which means that system accuracy could be communicated through the types of errors.      
### 42.Hierarchical Amortized Training for Memory-efficient High Resolution 3D GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01910.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have many potential medical imaging applications, including data augmentation, domain adaptation, and model explanation. Due to the limited embedded memory of Graphical Processing Units (GPUs), most current 3D GAN models are trained on low-resolution medical images. In this work, we propose a novel end-to-end GAN architecture that can generate high-resolution 3D images. We achieve this goal by separating training and inference. During training, we adopt a hierarchical structure that simultaneously generates a low-resolution version of the image and a randomly selected sub-volume of the high-resolution image. The hierarchical design has two advantages: First, the memory demand for training on high-resolution images is amortized among subvolumes. Furthermore, anchoring the high-resolution subvolumes to a single low-resolution image ensures anatomical consistency between subvolumes. During inference, our model can directly generate full high-resolution images. We also incorporate an encoder with a similar hierarchical structure into the model to extract features from the images. Experiments on 3D thorax CT and brain MRI demonstrate that our approach outperforms state of the art in image generation, image reconstruction, and clinical-relevant variables prediction.      
### 43.Counterfactual Explanation Based on Gradual Construction for Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01897.pdf)
>  To understand the black-box characteristics of deep networks, counterfactual explanation that deduces not only the important features of an input space but also how those features should be modified to classify input as a target class has gained an increasing interest. The patterns that deep networks have learned from a training dataset can be grasped by observing the feature variation among various classes. However, current approaches perform the feature modification to increase the classification probability for the target class irrespective of the internal characteristics of deep networks. This often leads to unclear explanations that deviate from real-world data distributions. To address this problem, we propose a counterfactual explanation method that exploits the statistics learned from a training dataset. Especially, we gradually construct an explanation by iterating over masking and composition steps. The masking step aims to select an important feature from the input data to be classified as a target class. Meanwhile, the composition step aims to optimize the previously selected feature by ensuring that its output score is close to the logit space of the training data that are classified as the target class. Experimental results show that our method produces human-friendly interpretations on various classification datasets and verify that such interpretations can be achieved with fewer feature modification.      
### 44.A coarse-to-fine framework for unsupervised multi-contrast MR image deformable registration with dual consistency constraint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01896.pdf)
>  Multi-contrast magnetic resonance (MR) image registration is essential in the clinic to achieve fast and accurate imaging-based disease diagnosis and treatment planning. Nevertheless, the efficiency and performance of the existing registration algorithms can still be improved. In this paper, we propose a novel unsupervised learning-based framework to achieve accurate and efficient multi-contrast MR image registrations. Specifically, an end-to-end coarse-to-fine network architecture consisting of affine and deformable transformations is designed to get rid of both the multi-step iteration process and the complex image preprocessing operations. Furthermore, a dual consistency constraint and a new prior knowledge-based loss function are developed to enhance the registration performances. The proposed method has been evaluated on a clinical dataset that consists of 555 cases, with encouraging performances achieved. Compared to the commonly utilized registration methods, including Voxelmorph, SyN, and LDDMM, the proposed method achieves the best registration performance with a Dice score of 0.826 in identifying stroke lesions. More robust performance in low-signal areas is also observed. With regards to the registration speed, our method is about 17 times faster than the most competitive method of SyN when testing on a same CPU.      
### 45.Stabilizing Deep Tomographic Reconstruction Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01846.pdf)
>  While the field of deep tomographic reconstruction has been advancing rapidly since 2016, there are constant debates and major challenges with the recently published PNAS paper on instabilities of deep learning in image reconstruction as a primary example, in which three kinds of unstable phenomena are demonstrated: (1) tiny perturbation on input generating strong output artifacts, (2) small structural features going undetected, and (3) increased input data leading to decreased performance. In this article, we show that key algorithmic ingredients of analytic inversion, compressed sensing, iterative reconstruction, and deep learning can be synergized to stabilize deep neural networks for optimal tomographic image reconstruction. With the same or similar datasets used in the PNAS paper and relative to the same state of the art compressed sensing algorithm, our proposed analytic, compressed, iterative deep (ACID) network produces superior imaging performance that are both accurate and robust with respect to noise, under adversarial attack, and as the number of input data is increased. We believe that deep tomographic reconstruction networks can be designed to produce accurate and robust results, improve clinical and other important applications, and eventually dominate the tomographic imaging field.      
### 46.Graph Neural Networks with Low-rank Learnable Local Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01818.pdf)
>  For the classification of graph data consisting of features sampled on an irregular coarse mesh like landmark points on face and human body, graph neural network (gnn) models based on global graph Laplacians may lack expressiveness to capture local features on graph. The current paper introduces a new gnn layer type with learnable low-rank local graph filters, which significantly reduces the complexity of traditional locally connected gnn. The architecture provides a unified framework for both spectral and spatial convolutional gnn constructions. The new gnn layer is provably more expressive than gnn based on global graph Laplacians, and to improve model robustness, regularization by local graph Laplacians is introduced. The representation stability against input graph data perturbation is theoretically proved, making use of the graph filter locality and the local graph regularization. Experiments on spherical mesh data, real-world facial expression recognition/skeleton-based action recognition data, and data with simulated graph noise show the empirical advantage of the proposed model.      
### 47.Fast Nonconvex $T_2^*$ Mapping Using ADMM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01806.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance (MR)-$T_2^*$ mapping is widely used to study hemorrhage, calcification and iron deposition in various clinical applications, it provides a direct and precise mapping of desired contrast in the tissue. However, the long acquisition time required by conventional 3D high-resolution $T_2^*$ mapping method causes discomfort to patients and introduces motion artifacts to reconstructed images, which limits its wider applicability. In this paper we address this issue by performing $T_2^*$ mapping from undersampled data using compressive sensing (CS). We formulate the reconstruction as a nonconvex problem that can be decomposed into two subproblems. They can be solved either separately via the standard approach or jointly via the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM). Compared to previous CS-based approaches that only apply sparse regularization on the spin density $\boldsymbol X_0$ and the relaxation rate $\boldsymbol R_2^*$, our formulation enforces additional sparse priors on the $T_2^*$-weighted images at multiple echoes to improve the reconstruction performance. We performed convergence analysis of the proposed algorithm, evaluated its performance on in vivo data, and studied the effects of different sampling schemes. Experimental results showed that the proposed joint-recovery approach generally outperforms the state-of-the-art method, especially in the low-sampling rate regime, making it a preferred choice to perform fast 3D $T_2^*$ mapping in practice. The framework adopted in this work can be easily extended to other problems arising from MR or other imaging modalities with non-linearly coupled variables.      
### 48.An artificial intelligence system for predicting the deterioration of COVID-19 patients in the emergency department  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01774.pdf)
>  During the COVID-19 pandemic, rapid and accurate triage of patients at the emergency department is critical to inform decision-making. We propose a data-driven approach for automatic prediction of deterioration risk using a deep neural network that learns from chest X-ray images, and a gradient boosting model that learns from routine clinical variables. Our AI prognosis system, trained using data from 3,661 patients, achieves an AUC of 0.786 (95% CI: 0.742-0.827) when predicting deterioration within 96 hours. The deep neural network extracts informative areas of chest X-ray images to assist clinicians in interpreting the predictions, and performs comparably to two radiologists in a reader study. In order to verify performance in a real clinical setting, we silently deployed a preliminary version of the deep neural network at NYU Langone Health during the first wave of the pandemic, which produced accurate predictions in real-time. In summary, our findings demonstrate the potential of the proposed system for assisting front-line physicians in the triage of COVID-19 patients.      
