# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 14 Aug 2020
### 1.Full-Body Awareness from Partial Observations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06046.pdf)
>  There has been great progress in human 3D mesh recovery and great interest in learning about the world from consumer video data. Unfortunately current methods for 3D human mesh recovery work rather poorly on consumer video data, since on the Internet, unusual camera viewpoints and aggressive truncations are the norm rather than a rarity. We study this problem and make a number of contributions to address it: (i) we propose a simple but highly effective self-training framework that adapts human 3D mesh recovery systems to consumer videos and demonstrate its application to two recent systems; (ii) we introduce evaluation protocols and keypoint annotations for 13K frames across four consumer video datasets for studying this task, including evaluations on out-of-image keypoints; and (iii) we show that our method substantially improves PCK and human-subject judgments compared to baselines, both on test videos from the dataset it was trained on, as well as on three other datasets without further adaptation. Project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://crockwell.github.io/partial_humans" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 2.DSDNet: Deep Structured self-Driving Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06041.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose the Deep Structured self-Driving Network (DSDNet), which performs object detection, motion prediction, and motion planning with a single neural network. Towards this goal, we develop a deep structured energy based model which considers the interactions between actors and produces socially consistent multimodal future predictions. Furthermore, DSDNet explicitly exploits the predicted future distributions of actors to plan a safe maneuver by using a structured planning cost. Our sample-based formulation allows us to overcome the difficulty in probabilistic inference of continuous random variables. Experiments on a number of large-scale self driving datasets demonstrate that our model significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art.      
### 3.Towards Visually Explaining Similarity Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06035.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of visually explaining similarity models, i.e., explaining why a model predicts two images to be similar in addition to producing a scalar score. While much recent work in visual model interpretability has focused on gradient-based attention, these methods rely on a classification module to generate visual explanations. Consequently, they cannot readily explain other kinds of models that do not use or need classification-like loss functions (e.g., similarity models trained with a metric learning loss). In this work, we bridge this crucial gap, presenting the first method to generate gradient-based visual explanations for image similarity predictors. By relying solely on the learned feature embedding, we show that our approach can be applied to any kind of CNN-based similarity architecture, an important step towards generic visual explainability. We show that our resulting visual explanations serve more than just interpretability; they can be infused into the model learning process itself with new trainable constraints based on our similarity explanations. We show that the resulting similarity models perform, and can be visually explained, better than the corresponding baseline models trained without our explanation constraints. We demonstrate our approach using extensive experiments on three different kinds of tasks: generic image retrieval, person re-identification, and low-shot semantic segmentation.      
### 4.BioMetricNet: deep unconstrained face verification through learning of metrics regularized onto Gaussian distributions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06021.pdf)
>  We present BioMetricNet: a novel framework for deep unconstrained face verification which learns a regularized metric to compare facial features. Differently from popular methods such as FaceNet, the proposed approach does not impose any specific metric on facial features; instead, it shapes the decision space by learning a latent representation in which matching and non-matching pairs are mapped onto clearly separated and well-behaved target distributions. In particular, the network jointly learns the best feature representation, and the best metric that follows the target distributions, to be used to discriminate face images. In this paper we present this general framework, first of its kind for facial verification, and tailor it to Gaussian distributions. This choice enables the use of a simple linear decision boundary that can be tuned to achieve the desired trade-off between false alarm and genuine acceptance rate, and leads to a loss function that can be written in closed form. Extensive analysis and experimentation on publicly available datasets such as Labeled Faces in the wild (LFW), Youtube faces (YTF), Celebrities in Frontal-Profile in the Wild (CFP), and challenging datasets like cross-age LFW (CALFW), cross-pose LFW (CPLFW), In-the-wild Age Dataset (AgeDB) show a significant performance improvement and confirms the effectiveness and superiority of BioMetricNet over existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 5.Testing the Safety of Self-driving Vehicles by Simulating Perception and Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06020.pdf)
>  We present a novel method for testing the safety of self-driving vehicles in simulation. We propose an alternative to sensor simulation, as sensor simulation is expensive and has large domain gaps. Instead, we directly simulate the outputs of the self-driving vehicle's perception and prediction system, enabling realistic motion planning testing. Specifically, we use paired data in the form of ground truth labels and real perception and prediction outputs to train a model that predicts what the online system will produce. Importantly, the inputs to our system consists of high definition maps, bounding boxes, and trajectories, which can be easily sketched by a test engineer in a matter of minutes. This makes our approach a much more scalable solution. Quantitative results on two large-scale datasets demonstrate that we can realistically test motion planning using our simulations.      
### 6.Black Magic in Deep Learning: How Human Skill Impacts Network Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05981.pdf)
>  How does a user's prior experience with deep learning impact accuracy? We present an initial study based on 31 participants with different levels of experience. Their task is to perform hyperparameter optimization for a given deep learning architecture. The results show a strong positive correlation between the participant's experience and the final performance. They additionally indicate that an experienced participant finds better solutions using fewer resources on average. The data suggests furthermore that participants with no prior experience follow random strategies in their pursuit of optimal hyperparameters. Our study investigates the subjective human factor in comparisons of state of the art results and scientific reproducibility in deep learning.      
### 7.Hybrid Dynamic-static Context-aware Attention Network for Action Assessment in Long Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05977.pdf)
>  The objective of action quality assessment is to score sports videos. However, most existing works focus only on video dynamic information (i.e., motion information) but ignore the specific postures that an athlete is performing in a video, which is important for action assessment in long videos. In this work, we present a novel hybrid dynAmic-static Context-aware attenTION NETwork (ACTION-NET) for action assessment in long videos. To learn more discriminative representations for videos, we not only learn the video dynamic information but also focus on the static postures of the detected athletes in specific frames, which represent the action quality at certain moments, along with the help of the proposed hybrid dynamic-static architecture. Moreover, we leverage a context-aware attention module consisting of a temporal instance-wise graph convolutional network unit and an attention unit for both streams to extract more robust stream features, where the former is for exploring the relations between instances and the latter for assigning a proper weight to each instance. Finally, we combine the features of the two streams to regress the final video score, supervised by ground-truth scores given by experts. Additionally, we have collected and annotated the new Rhythmic Gymnastics dataset, which contains videos of four different types of gymnastics routines, for evaluation of action quality assessment in long videos. Extensive experimental results validate the efficacy of our proposed method, which outperforms related approaches. The codes and dataset are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lingan1996/ACTION-NET" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 8.SIDOD: A Synthetic Image Dataset for 3D Object Pose Recognition with Distractors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05955.pdf)
>  We present a new, publicly-available image dataset generated by the NVIDIA Deep Learning Data Synthesizer intended for use in object detection, pose estimation, and tracking applications. This dataset contains 144k stereo image pairs that synthetically combine 18 camera viewpoints of three photorealistic virtual environments with up to 10 objects (chosen randomly from the 21 object models of the YCB dataset [1]) and flying distractors. Object and camera pose, scene lighting, and quantity of objects and distractors were randomized. Each provided view includes RGB, depth, segmentation, and surface normal images, all pixel level. We describe our approach for domain randomization and provide insight into the decisions that produced the dataset.      
### 9.Estimating Magnitude and Phase of Automotive Radar Signals under Multiple Interference Sources with Fully Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05948.pdf)
>  Radar sensors are gradually becoming a wide-spread equipment for road vehicles, playing a crucial role in autonomous driving and road safety. The broad adoption of radar sensors increases the chance of interference among sensors from different vehicles, generating corrupted range profiles and range-Doppler maps. In order to extract distance and velocity of multiple targets from range-Doppler maps, the interference affecting each range profile needs to be mitigated. In this paper, we propose a fully convolutional neural network for automotive radar interference mitigation. In order to train our network in a real-world scenario, we introduce a new data set of realistic automotive radar signals with multiple targets and multiple interferers. To our knowledge, this is the first work to mitigate interference from multiple sources. Furthermore, we introduce a new training regime that eliminates noisy weights, showing superior results compared to the widely-used dropout. While some previous works successfully estimated the magnitude of automotive radar signals, we are the first to propose a deep learning model that can accurately estimate the phase. For instance, our novel approach reduces the phase estimation error with respect to the commonly-adopted zeroing technique by half, from 12.55 degrees to 6.58 degrees. Considering the lack of databases for automotive radar interference mitigation, we release as open source our large-scale data set that closely replicates the real-world automotive scenario for multiple interference cases, allowing others to objectively compare their future work in this domain. Our data set is available for download at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/ristea/arim-v2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 10.On failures of RGB cameras and their effects in autonomous driving applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05938.pdf)
>  RGB cameras are arguably one of the most relevant sensors for autonomous driving applications. It is undeniable that failures of vehicle cameras may compromise the autonomous driving task, possibly leading to unsafe behaviors when images that are subsequently processed by the driving system are altered. To support the definition of safe and robust vehicle architectures and intelligent systems, in this paper we define the failures model of a vehicle camera, together with an analysis of effects and known mitigations. Further, we build a software library for the generation of the corresponding failed images and we feed them to the trained agent of an autonomous driving simulator: the misbehavior of the trained agent allows a better understanding of failures effects and especially of the resulting safety risk.      
### 11.End-to-end Contextual Perception and Prediction with Interaction Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05927.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle the problem of detecting objects in 3D and forecasting their future motion in the context of self-driving. Towards this goal, we design a novel approach that explicitly takes into account the interactions between actors. To capture their spatial-temporal dependencies, we propose a recurrent neural network with a novel Transformer architecture, which we call the Interaction Transformer. Importantly, our model can be trained end-to-end, and runs in real-time. We validate our approach on two challenging real-world datasets: ATG4D and nuScenes. We show that our approach can outperform the state-of-the-art on both datasets. In particular, we significantly improve the social compliance between the estimated future trajectories, resulting in far fewer collisions between the predicted actors.      
### 12.DFEW: A Large-Scale Database for Recognizing Dynamic Facial Expressions in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05924.pdf)
>  Recently, facial expression recognition (FER) in the wild has gained a lot of researchers' attention because it is a valuable topic to enable the FER techniques to move from the laboratory to the real applications. In this paper, we focus on this challenging but interesting topic and make contributions from three aspects. First, we present a new large-scale 'in-the-wild' dynamic facial expression database, DFEW (Dynamic Facial Expression in the Wild), consisting of over 16,000 video clips from thousands of movies. These video clips contain various challenging interferences in practical scenarios such as extreme illumination, occlusions, and capricious pose changes. Second, we propose a novel method called Expression-Clustered Spatiotemporal Feature Learning (EC-STFL) framework to deal with dynamic FER in the wild. Third, we conduct extensive benchmark experiments on DFEW using a lot of spatiotemporal deep feature learning methods as well as our proposed EC-STFL. Experimental results show that DFEW is a well-designed and challenging database, and the proposed EC-STFL can promisingly improve the performance of existing spatiotemporal deep neural networks in coping with the problem of dynamic FER in the wild. Our DFEW database is publicly available and can be freely downloaded from <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://dfew-dataset.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.LGNN: a Context-aware Line Segment Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05892.pdf)
>  We present a novel real-time line segment detection scheme called Line Graph Neural Network (LGNN). Existing approaches require a computationally expensive verification or postprocessing step. Our LGNN employs a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) for proposing line segment directly, with a graph neural network (GNN) module for reasoning their connectivities. Specifically, LGNN exploits a new quadruplet representation for each line segment where the GNN module takes the predicted candidates as vertexes and constructs a sparse graph to enforce structural context. Compared with the state-of-the-art, LGNN achieves near real-time performance without compromising accuracy. LGNN further enables time-sensitive 3D applications. When a 3D point cloud is accessible, we present a multi-modal line segment classification technique for extracting a 3D wireframe of the environment robustly and efficiently.      
### 14.DF-GAN: Deep Fusion Generative Adversarial Networks for Text-to-Image Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05865.pdf)
>  Synthesizing high-resolution realistic images from text descriptions is a challenging task. Almost all existing text-to-image methods employ stacked generative adversarial networks as the backbone, utilize cross-modal attention mechanisms to fuse text and image features, and use extra networks to ensure text-image semantic consistency. The existing text-to-image models have three problems: 1) For the backbone, there are multiple generators and discriminators stacked for generating different scales of images making the training process slow and inefficient. 2) For semantic consistency, the existing models employ extra networks to ensure the semantic consistency increasing the training complexity and bringing an additional computational cost. 3) For the text-image feature fusion method, cross-modal attention is only applied a few times during the generation process due to its computational cost impeding fusing the text and image features deeply. To solve these limitations, we propose 1) a novel simplified text-to-image backbone which is able to synthesize high-quality images directly by one pair of generator and discriminator, 2) a novel regularization method called Matching-Aware zero-centered Gradient Penalty which promotes the generator to synthesize more realistic and text-image semantic consistent images without introducing extra networks, 3) a novel fusion module called Deep Text-Image Fusion Block which can exploit the semantics of text descriptions effectively and fuse text and image features deeply during the generation process. Compared with the previous text-to-image models, our DF-GAN is simpler and more efficient and achieves better performance. Extensive experiments and ablation studies on both Caltech-UCSD Birds 200 and COCO datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed model in comparison to state-of-the-art models.      
### 15.Self-supervised Video Representation Learning by Pace Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05861.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of self-supervised video representation learning from a new perspective -- by video pace prediction. It stems from the observation that human visual system is sensitive to video pace, e.g., slow motion, a widely used technique in film making. Specifically, given a video played in natural pace, we randomly sample training clips in different paces and ask a neural network to identify the pace for each video clip. The assumption here is that the network can only succeed in such a pace reasoning task when it understands the underlying video content and learns representative spatio-temporal features. In addition, we further introduce contrastive learning to push the model towards discriminating different paces by maximizing the agreement on similar video content. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed method, we conduct extensive experiments on action recognition and video retrieval tasks with several alternative network architectures. Experimental evaluations show that our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance for self-supervised video representation learning across different network architectures and different benchmarks. The code and pre-trained models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/laura-wang/video-pace" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 16.Recurrent Deconvolutional Generative Adversarial Networks with Application to Text Guided Video Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05856.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel model for video generation and especially makes the attempt to deal with the problem of video generation from text descriptions, i.e., synthesizing realistic videos conditioned on given texts. Existing video generation methods cannot be easily adapted to handle this task well, due to the frame discontinuity issue and their text-free generation schemes. To address these problems, we propose a recurrent deconvolutional generative adversarial network (RD-GAN), which includes a recurrent deconvolutional network (RDN) as the generator and a 3D convolutional neural network (3D-CNN) as the discriminator. The RDN is a deconvolutional version of conventional recurrent neural network, which can well model the long-range temporal dependency of generated video frames and make good use of conditional information. The proposed model can be jointly trained by pushing the RDN to generate realistic videos so that the 3D-CNN cannot distinguish them from real ones. We apply the proposed RD-GAN to a series of tasks including conventional video generation, conditional video generation, video prediction and video classification, and demonstrate its effectiveness by achieving well performance.      
### 17.Localizing the Common Action Among a Few Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05826.pdf)
>  This paper strives to localize the temporal extent of an action in a long untrimmed video. Where existing work leverages many examples with their start, their ending, and/or the class of the action during training time, we propose few-shot common action localization. The start and end of an action in a long untrimmed video is determined based on just a hand-full of trimmed video examples containing the same action, without knowing their common class label. To address this task, we introduce a new 3D convolutional network architecture able to align representations from the support videos with the relevant query video segments. The network contains: (\textit{i}) a mutual enhancement module to simultaneously complement the representation of the few trimmed support videos and the untrimmed query video; (\textit{ii}) a progressive alignment module that iteratively fuses the support videos into the query branch; and (\textit{iii}) a pairwise matching module to weigh the importance of different support videos. Evaluation of few-shot common action localization in untrimmed videos containing a single or multiple action instances demonstrates the effectiveness and general applicability of our proposal.      
### 18.Shift Equivariance in Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05787.pdf)
>  Robustness to small image translations is a highly desirable property for object detectors. However, recent works have shown that CNN-based classifiers are not shift invariant. It is unclear to what extent this could impact object detection, mainly because of the architectural differences between the two and the dimensionality of the prediction space of modern detectors. To assess shift equivariance of object detection models end-to-end, in this paper we propose an evaluation metric, built upon a greedy search of the lower and upper bounds of the mean average precision on a shifted image set. Our new metric shows that modern object detection architectures, no matter if one-stage or two-stage, anchor-based or anchor-free, are sensitive to even one pixel shift to the input images. Furthermore, we investigate several possible solutions to this problem, both taken from the literature and newly proposed, quantifying the effectiveness of each one with the suggested metric. Our results indicate that none of these methods can provide full shift equivariance. Measuring and analyzing the extent of shift variance of different models and the contributions of possible factors, is a first step towards being able to devise methods that mitigate or even leverage such variabilities.      
### 19.Predicting Visual Overlap of Images Through Interpretable Non-Metric Box Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05785.pdf)
>  To what extent are two images picturing the same 3D surfaces? Even when this is a known scene, the answer typically requires an expensive search across scale space, with matching and geometric verification of large sets of local features. This expense is further multiplied when a query image is evaluated against a gallery, e.g. in visual relocalization. While we don't obviate the need for geometric verification, we propose an interpretable image-embedding that cuts the search in scale space to essentially a lookup. <br>Our approach measures the asymmetric relation between two images. The model then learns a scene-specific measure of similarity, from training examples with known 3D visible-surface overlaps. The result is that we can quickly identify, for example, which test image is a close-up version of another, and by what scale factor. Subsequently, local features need only be detected at that scale. We validate our scene-specific model by showing how this embedding yields competitive image-matching results, while being simpler, faster, and also interpretable by humans.      
### 20.CycleMorph: Cycle Consistent Unsupervised Deformable Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05772.pdf)
>  Image registration is a fundamental task in medical image analysis. Recently, deep learning based image registration methods have been extensively investigated due to their excellent performance despite the ultra-fast computational time. However, the existing deep learning methods still have limitation in the preservation of original topology during the deformation with registration vector fields. To address this issues, here we present a cycle-consistent deformable image registration. The cycle consistency enhances image registration performance by providing an implicit regularization to preserve topology during the deformation. The proposed method is so flexible that can be applied for both 2D and 3D registration problems for various applications, and can be easily extended to multi-scale implementation to deal with the memory issues in large volume registration. Experimental results on various datasets from medical and non-medical applications demonstrate that the proposed method provides effective and accurate registration on diverse image pairs within a few seconds. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations on deformation fields also verify the effectiveness of the cycle consistency of the proposed method.      
### 21.Weakly Supervised Generative Network for Multiple 3D Human Pose Hypotheses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05770.pdf)
>  3D human pose estimation from a single image is an inverse problem due to the inherent ambiguity of the missing depth. Several previous works addressed the inverse problem by generating multiple hypotheses. However, these works are strongly supervised and require ground truth 2D-to-3D correspondences which can be difficult to obtain. In this paper, we propose a weakly supervised deep generative network to address the inverse problem and circumvent the need for ground truth 2D-to-3D correspondences. To this end, we design our network to model a proposal distribution which we use to approximate the unknown multi-modal target posterior distribution. We achieve the approximation by minimizing the KL divergence between the proposal and target distributions, and this leads to a 2D reprojection error and a prior loss term that can be weakly supervised. Furthermore, we determine the most probable solution as the conditional mode of the samples using the mean-shift algorithm. We evaluate our method on three benchmark datasets -- Human3.6M, MPII and MPI-INF-3DHP. Experimental results show that our approach is capable of generating multiple feasible hypotheses and achieves state-of-the-art results compared to existing weakly supervised approaches. Our source code is available at the project website.      
### 22.Powers of layers for image-to-image translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05763.pdf)
>  We propose a simple architecture to address unpaired image-to-image translation tasks: style or class transfer, denoising, deblurring, deblocking, etc. We start from an image autoencoder architecture with fixed weights. For each task we learn a residual block operating in the latent space, which is iteratively called until the target domain is reached. A specific training schedule is required to alleviate the exponentiation effect of the iterations. At test time, it offers several advantages: the number of weight parameters is limited and the compositional design allows one to modulate the strength of the transformation with the number of iterations. This is useful, for instance, when the type or amount of noise to suppress is not known in advance. Experimentally, we provide proofs of concepts showing the interest of our method for many transformations. The performance of our model is comparable or better than CycleGAN with significantly fewer parameters.      
### 23.Adversarial Knowledge Transfer from Unlabeled Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05746.pdf)
>  While machine learning approaches to visual recognition offer great promise, most of the existing methods rely heavily on the availability of large quantities of labeled training data. However, in the vast majority of real-world settings, manually collecting such large labeled datasets is infeasible due to the cost of labeling data or the paucity of data in a given domain. In this paper, we present a novel Adversarial Knowledge Transfer (AKT) framework for transferring knowledge from internet-scale unlabeled data to improve the performance of a classifier on a given visual recognition task. The proposed adversarial learning framework aligns the feature space of the unlabeled source data with the labeled target data such that the target classifier can be used to predict pseudo labels on the source data. An important novel aspect of our method is that the unlabeled source data can be of different classes from those of the labeled target data, and there is no need to define a separate pretext task, unlike some existing approaches. Extensive experiments well demonstrate that models learned using our approach hold a lot of promise across a variety of visual recognition tasks on multiple standard datasets.      
### 24.Pose Estimation for Vehicle-mounted Cameras via Horizontal and Vertical Planes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05743.pdf)
>  We propose two novel solvers for estimating the egomotion of a calibrated camera mounted to a moving vehicle from a single affine correspondence via recovering special homographies. For the first class of solvers, the sought plane is expected to be perpendicular to one of the camera axes. For the second class, the plane is orthogonal to the ground with unknown normal, e.g., it is a building facade. Both methods are solved via a linear system with a small coefficient matrix, thus, being extremely efficient. Both the minimal and over-determined cases can be solved by the proposed methods. They are tested on synthetic data and on publicly available real-world datasets. The novel methods are more accurate or comparable to the traditional algorithms and are faster when included in state of the art robust estimators.      
### 25.SkeletonNet: A Topology-Preserving Solution for Learning Mesh Reconstruction of Object Surfaces from RGB Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05742.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on the challenging task of learning 3D object surface reconstructions from RGB images. Existingmethods achieve varying degrees of success by using different surface representations. However, they all have their own drawbacks,and cannot properly reconstruct the surface shapes of complex topologies, arguably due to a lack of constraints on the topologicalstructures in their learning frameworks. To this end, we propose to learn and use the topology-preserved, skeletal shape representationto assist the downstream task of object surface reconstruction from RGB images. Technically, we propose the novelSkeletonNetdesign that learns a volumetric representation of a skeleton via a bridged learning of a skeletal point set, where we use paralleldecoders each responsible for the learning of points on 1D skeletal curves and 2D skeletal sheets, as well as an efficient module ofglobally guided subvolume synthesis for a refined, high-resolution skeletal volume; we present a differentiablePoint2Voxellayer tomake SkeletonNet end-to-end and trainable. With the learned skeletal volumes, we propose two models, the Skeleton-Based GraphConvolutional Neural Network (SkeGCNN) and the Skeleton-Regularized Deep Implicit Surface Network (SkeDISN), which respectivelybuild upon and improve over the existing frameworks of explicit mesh deformation and implicit field learning for the downstream surfacereconstruction task. We conduct thorough experiments that verify the efficacy of our proposed SkeletonNet. SkeGCNN and SkeDISNoutperform existing methods as well, and they have their own merits when measured by different metrics. Additional results ingeneralized task settings further demonstrate the usefulness of our proposed methods. We have made both our implementation codeand the ShapeNet-Skeleton dataset publicly available at ble at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tangjiapeng/SkeletonNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Reliability of Decision Support in Cross-spectral Biometric-enabled Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05735.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the evaluation of the performance of the decision support system that utilizes face and facial expression biometrics. The evaluation criteria include risk of error and related reliability of decision, as well as their contribution to the changes in the perceived operator's trust in the decision. The relevant applications include human behavior monitoring and stress detection in individuals and teams, and in situational awareness system. Using an available database of cross-spectral videos of faces and facial expressions, we conducted a series of experiments that demonstrate the phenomenon of biases in biometrics that affect the evaluated measures of the performance in human-machine systems.      
### 27.An Ensemble of Knowledge Sharing Models for Dynamic Hand Gesture Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05732.pdf)
>  The focus of this paper is dynamic gesture recognition in the context of the interaction between humans and machines. We propose a model consisting of two sub-networks, a transformer and an ordered-neuron long-short-term-memory (ON-LSTM) based recurrent neural network (RNN). Each sub-network is trained to perform the task of gesture recognition using only skeleton joints. Since each sub-network extracts different types of features due to the difference in architecture, the knowledge can be shared between the sub-networks. Through knowledge distillation, the features and predictions from each sub-network are fused together into a new fusion classifier. In addition, a cyclical learning rate can be used to generate a series of models that are combined in an ensemble, in order to yield a more generalizable prediction. The proposed ensemble of knowledge-sharing models exhibits an overall accuracy of 86.11% using only skeleton information, as tested using the Dynamic Hand Gesture-14/28 dataset      
### 28.ExplAIn: Explanatory Artificial Intelligence for Diabetic Retinopathy Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05731.pdf)
>  In recent years, Artificial Intelligence (AI) has proven its relevance for medical decision support. However, the "black-box" nature of successful AI algorithms still holds back their wide-spread deployment. In this paper, we describe an eXplanatory Artificial Intelligence (XAI) that reaches the same level of performance as black-box AI, for the task of Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) diagnosis using Color Fundus Photography (CFP). This algorithm, called ExplAIn, learns to segment and categorize lesions in images; the final diagnosis is directly derived from these multivariate lesion segmentations. The novelty of this explanatory framework is that it is trained from end to end, with image supervision only, just like black-box AI algorithms: the concepts of lesions and lesion categories emerge by themselves. For improved lesion localization, foreground/background separation is trained through self-supervision, in such a way that occluding foreground pixels transforms the input image into a healthy-looking image. The advantage of such an architecture is that automatic diagnoses can be explained simply by an image and/or a few sentences. ExplAIn is evaluated at the image level and at the pixel level on various CFP image datasets. We expect this new framework, which jointly offers high classification performance and explainability, to facilitate AI deployment.      
### 29.Contextual Diversity for Active Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05723.pdf)
>  Requirement of large annotated datasets restrict the use of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for many practical applications. The problem can be mitigated by using active learning (AL) techniques which, under a given annotation budget, allow to select a subset of data that yields maximum accuracy upon fine tuning. State of the art AL approaches typically rely on measures of visual diversity or prediction uncertainty, which are unable to effectively capture the variations in spatial context. On the other hand, modern CNN architectures make heavy use of spatial context for achieving highly accurate predictions. Since the context is difficult to evaluate in the absence of ground-truth labels, we introduce the notion of contextual diversity that captures the confusion associated with spatially co-occurring classes. Contextual Diversity (CD) hinges on a crucial observation that the probability vector predicted by a CNN for a region of interest typically contains information from a larger receptive field. Exploiting this observation, we use the proposed CD measure within two AL frameworks: (1) a core-set based strategy and (2) a reinforcement learning based policy, for active frame selection. Our extensive empirical evaluation establish state of the art results for active learning on benchmark datasets of Semantic Segmentation, Object Detection and Image Classification. Our ablation studies show clear advantages of using contextual diversity for active learning. The source code and additional results are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sharat29ag/CDAL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Learning Temporally Invariant and Localizable Features via Data Augmentation for Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05721.pdf)
>  Deep-Learning-based video recognition has shown promising improvements along with the development of large-scale datasets and spatiotemporal network architectures. In image recognition, learning spatially invariant features is a key factor in improving recognition performance and robustness. Data augmentation based on visual inductive priors, such as cropping, flipping, rotating, or photometric jittering, is a representative approach to achieve these features. Recent state-of-the-art recognition solutions have relied on modern data augmentation strategies that exploit a mixture of augmentation operations. In this study, we extend these strategies to the temporal dimension for videos to learn temporally invariant or temporally localizable features to cover temporal perturbations or complex actions in videos. Based on our novel temporal data augmentation algorithms, video recognition performances are improved using only a limited amount of training data compared to the spatial-only data augmentation algorithms, including the 1st Visual Inductive Priors (VIPriors) for data-efficient action recognition challenge. Furthermore, learned features are temporally localizable that cannot be achieved using spatial augmentation algorithms. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/taeoh-kim/temporal_data_augmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Alleviating Human-level Shift : A Robust Domain Adaptation Method for Multi-person Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05717.pdf)
>  Human pose estimation has been widely studied with much focus on supervised learning requiring sufficient annotations. However, in real applications, a pretrained pose estimation model usually need be adapted to a novel domain with no labels or sparse labels. Such domain adaptation for 2D pose estimation hasn't been explored. The main reason is that a pose, by nature, has typical topological structure and needs fine-grained features in local keypoints. While existing adaptation methods do not consider topological structure of object-of-interest and they align the whole images coarsely. Therefore, we propose a novel domain adaptation method for multi-person pose estimation to conduct the human-level topological structure alignment and fine-grained feature alignment. Our method consists of three modules: Cross-Attentive Feature Alignment (CAFA), Intra-domain Structure Adaptation (ISA) and Inter-domain Human-Topology Alignment (IHTA) module. The CAFA adopts a bidirectional spatial attention module (BSAM)that focuses on fine-grained local feature correlation between two humans to adaptively aggregate consistent features for adaptation. We adopt ISA only in semi-supervised domain adaptation (SSDA) to exploit the corresponding keypoint semantic relationship for reducing the intra-domain bias. Most importantly, we propose an IHTA to learn more domain-invariant human topological representation for reducing the inter-domain discrepancy. We model the human topological structure via the graph convolution network (GCN), by passing messages on which, high-order relations can be considered. This structure preserving alignment based on GCN is beneficial to the occluded or extreme pose inference. Extensive experiments are conducted on two popular benchmarks and results demonstrate the competency of our method compared with existing supervised approaches.      
### 32.Modeling Caricature Expressions by 3D Blendshape and Dynamic Texture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05714.pdf)
>  The problem of deforming an artist-drawn caricature according to a given normal face expression is of interest in applications such as social media, animation and entertainment. This paper presents a solution to the problem, with an emphasis on enhancing the ability to create desired expressions and meanwhile preserve the identity exaggeration style of the caricature, which imposes challenges due to the complicated nature of caricatures. The key of our solution is a novel method to model caricature expression, which extends traditional 3DMM representation to caricature domain. The method consists of shape modelling and texture generation for caricatures. Geometric optimization is developed to create identity-preserving blendshapes for reconstructing accurate and stable geometric shape, and a conditional generative adversarial network (cGAN) is designed for generating dynamic textures under target expressions. The combination of both shape and texture components makes the non-trivial expressions of a caricature be effectively defined by the extension of the popular 3DMM representation and a caricature can thus be flexibly deformed into arbitrary expressions with good results visually in both shape and color spaces. The experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 33.Lift, Splat, Shoot: Encoding Images From Arbitrary Camera Rigs by Implicitly Unprojecting to 3D  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05711.pdf)
>  The goal of perception for autonomous vehicles is to extract semantic representations from multiple sensors and fuse these representations into a single "bird's-eye-view" coordinate frame for consumption by motion planning. We propose a new end-to-end architecture that directly extracts a bird's-eye-view representation of a scene given image data from an arbitrary number of cameras. The core idea behind our approach is to "lift" each image individually into a frustum of features for each camera, then "splat" all frustums into a rasterized bird's-eye-view grid. By training on the entire camera rig, we provide evidence that our model is able to learn not only how to represent images but how to fuse predictions from all cameras into a single cohesive representation of the scene while being robust to calibration error. On standard bird's-eye-view tasks such as object segmentation and map segmentation, our model outperforms all baselines and prior work. In pursuit of the goal of learning dense representations for motion planning, we show that the representations inferred by our model enable interpretable end-to-end motion planning by "shooting" template trajectories into a bird's-eye-view cost map output by our network. We benchmark our approach against models that use oracle depth from lidar. Project page with code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://nv-tlabs.github.io/lift-splat-shoot" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 34.Robust Image Matching By Dynamic Feature Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05708.pdf)
>  Estimating dense correspondences between images is a long-standing image under-standing task. Recent works introduce convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to extract high-level feature maps and find correspondences through feature matching. However,high-level feature maps are in low spatial resolution and therefore insufficient to provide accurate and fine-grained features to distinguish intra-class variations for correspondence matching. To address this problem, we generate robust features by dynamically selecting features at different scales. To resolve two critical issues in feature selection,i.e.,how many and which scales of features to be selected, we frame the feature selection process as a sequential Markov decision-making process (MDP) and introduce an optimal selection strategy using reinforcement learning (RL). We define an RL environment for image matching in which each individual action either requires new features or terminates the selection episode by referring a matching score. Deep neural networks are incorporated into our method and trained for decision making. Experimental results show that our method achieves comparable/superior performance with state-of-the-art methods on three benchmarks, demonstrating the effectiveness of our feature selection strategy.      
### 35.Network Architecture Search for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05706.pdf)
>  Deep networks have been used to learn transferable representations for domain adaptation. Existing deep domain adaptation methods systematically employ popular hand-crafted networks designed specifically for image-classification tasks, leading to sub-optimal domain adaptation performance. In this paper, we present Neural Architecture Search for Domain Adaptation (NASDA), a principle framework that leverages differentiable neural architecture search to derive the optimal network architecture for domain adaptation task. NASDA is designed with two novel training strategies: neural architecture search with multi-kernel Maximum Mean Discrepancy to derive the optimal architecture, and adversarial training between a feature generator and a batch of classifiers to consolidate the feature generator. We demonstrate experimentally that NASDA leads to state-of-the-art performance on several domain adaptation benchmarks.      
### 36.What leads to generalization of object proposals?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05700.pdf)
>  Object proposal generation is often the first step in many detection models. It is lucrative to train a good proposal model, that generalizes to unseen classes. This could help scaling detection models to larger number of classes with fewer annotations. Motivated by this, we study how a detection model trained on a small set of source classes can provide proposals that generalize to unseen classes. We systematically study the properties of the dataset - visual diversity and label space granularity - required for good generalization. We show the trade-off between using fine-grained labels and coarse labels. We introduce the idea of prototypical classes: a set of sufficient and necessary classes required to train a detection model to obtain generalized proposals in a more data-efficient way. On the Open Images V4 dataset, we show that only 25% of the classes can be selected to form such a prototypical set. The resulting proposals from a model trained with these classes is only 4.3% worse than using all the classes, in terms of average recall (AR). We also demonstrate that Faster R-CNN model leads to better generalization of proposals compared to a single-stage network like RetinaNet.      
### 37.Visual Localization for Autonomous Driving: Mapping the Accurate Location in the City Maze  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05678.pdf)
>  Accurate localization is a foundational capacity, required for autonomous vehicles to accomplish other tasks such as navigation or path planning. It is a common practice for vehicles to use GPS to acquire location information. However, the application of GPS can result in severe challenges when vehicles run within the inner city where different kinds of structures may shadow the GPS signal and lead to inaccurate location results. To address the localization challenges of urban settings, we propose a novel feature voting technique for visual localization. Different from the conventional front-view-based method, our approach employs views from three directions (front, left, and right) and thus significantly improves the robustness of location prediction. In our work, we craft the proposed feature voting method into three state-of-the-art visual localization networks and modify their architectures properly so that they can be applied for vehicular operation. Extensive field test results indicate that our approach can predict location robustly even in challenging inner-city settings. Our research sheds light on using the visual localization approach to help autonomous vehicles to find accurate location information in a city maze, within a desirable time constraint.      
### 38.Forest R-CNN: Large-Vocabulary Long-Tailed Object Detection and Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05676.pdf)
>  Despite the previous success of object analysis, detecting and segmenting a large number of object categories with a long-tailed data distribution remains a challenging problem and is less investigated. For a large-vocabulary classifier, the chance of obtaining noisy logits is much higher, which can easily lead to a wrong recognition. In this paper, we exploit prior knowledge of the relations among object categories to cluster fine-grained classes into coarser parent classes, and construct a classification tree that is responsible for parsing an object instance into a fine-grained category via its parent class. In the classification tree, as the number of parent class nodes are significantly less, their logits are less noisy and can be utilized to suppress the wrong/noisy logits existed in the fine-grained class nodes. As the way to construct the parent class is not unique, we further build multiple trees to form a classification forest where each tree contributes its vote to the fine-grained classification. To alleviate the imbalanced learning caused by the long-tail phenomena, we propose a simple yet effective resampling method, NMS Resampling, to re-balance the data distribution. Our method, termed as Forest R-CNN, can serve as a plug-and-play module being applied to most object recognition models for recognizing more than 1000 categories. Extensive experiments are performed on the large vocabulary dataset LVIS. Compared with the Mask R-CNN baseline, the Forest R-CNN significantly boosts the performance with 11.5% and 3.9% AP improvements on the rare categories and overall categories, respectively. Moreover, we achieve state-of-the-art results on the LVIS dataset. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JialianW/Forest_RCNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Feature Binding with Category-Dependant MixUp for Semantic Segmentation and Adversarial Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05667.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a strategy for training convolutional neural networks to effectively resolve interference arising from competing hypotheses relating to inter-categorical information throughout the network. The premise is based on the notion of feature binding, which is defined as the process by which activation's spread across space and layers in the network are successfully integrated to arrive at a correct inference decision. In our work, this is accomplished for the task of dense image labelling by blending images based on their class labels, and then training a feature binding network, which simultaneously segments and separates the blended images. Subsequent feature denoising to suppress noisy activations reveals additional desirable properties and high degrees of successful predictions. Through this process, we reveal a general mechanism, distinct from any prior methods, for boosting the performance of the base segmentation network while simultaneously increasing robustness to adversarial attacks.      
### 40.What Should Not Be Contrastive in Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05659.pdf)
>  Recent self-supervised contrastive methods have been able to produce impressive transferable visual representations by learning to be invariant to different data augmentations. However, these methods implicitly assume a particular set of representational invariances (e.g., invariance to color), and can perform poorly when a downstream task violates this assumption (e.g., distinguishing red vs. yellow cars). We introduce a contrastive learning framework which does not require prior knowledge of specific, task-dependent invariances. Our model learns to capture varying and invariant factors for visual representations by constructing separate embedding spaces, each of which is invariant to all but one augmentation. We use a multi-head network with a shared backbone which captures information across each augmentation and alone outperforms all baselines on downstream tasks. We further find that the concatenation of the invariant and varying spaces performs best across all tasks we investigate, including coarse-grained, fine-grained, and few-shot downstream classification tasks, and various data corruptions.      
### 41.Sparse Coding Driven Deep Decision Tree Ensembles for Nuclear Segmentation in Digital Pathology Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05657.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an easily trained yet powerful representation learning approach with performance highly competitive to deep neural networks in a digital pathology image segmentation task. The method, called sparse coding driven deep decision tree ensembles that we abbreviate as ScD2TE, provides a new perspective on representation learning. We explore the possibility of stacking several layers based on non-differentiable pairwise modules and generate a densely concatenated architecture holding the characteristics of feature map reuse and end-to-end dense learning. Under this architecture, fast convolutional sparse coding is used to extract multi-level features from the output of each layer. In this way, rich image appearance models together with more contextual information are integrated by learning a series of decision tree ensembles. The appearance and the high-level context features of all the previous layers are seamlessly combined by concatenating them to feed-forward as input, which in turn makes the outputs of subsequent layers more accurate and the whole model efficient to train. Compared with deep neural networks, our proposed ScD2TE does not require back-propagation computation and depends on less hyper-parameters. ScD2TE is able to achieve a fast end-to-end pixel-wise training in a layer-wise manner. We demonstrated the superiority of our segmentation technique by evaluating it on the multi-disease state and multi-organ dataset where consistently higher performances were obtained for comparison against several state-of-the-art deep learning methods such as convolutional neural networks (CNN), fully convolutional networks (FCN), etc.      
### 42.ISIA Food-500: A Dataset for Large-Scale Food Recognition via Stacked Global-Local Attention Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05655.pdf)
>  Food recognition has received more and more attention in the multimedia community for its various real-world applications, such as diet management and self-service restaurants. A large-scale ontology of food images is urgently needed for developing advanced large-scale food recognition algorithms, as well as for providing the benchmark dataset for such algorithms. To encourage further progress in food recognition, we introduce the dataset ISIA Food- 500 with 500 categories from the list in the Wikipedia and 399,726 images, a more comprehensive food dataset that surpasses existing popular benchmark datasets by category coverage and data volume. Furthermore, we propose a stacked global-local attention network, which consists of two sub-networks for food recognition. One subnetwork first utilizes hybrid spatial-channel attention to extract more discriminative features, and then aggregates these multi-scale discriminative features from multiple layers into global-level representation (e.g., texture and shape information about food). The other one generates attentional regions (e.g., ingredient relevant regions) from different regions via cascaded spatial transformers, and further aggregates these multi-scale regional features from different layers into local-level representation. These two types of features are finally fused as comprehensive representation for food recognition. Extensive experiments on ISIA Food-500 and other two popular benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method, and thus can be considered as one strong baseline. The dataset, code and models can be found at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://123.57.42.89/FoodComputing-Dataset/ISIA-Food500.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 43.Few shot clustering for indoor occupancy detection with extremely low-quality images from battery free cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05654.pdf)
>  Reliable detection of human occupancy in indoor environments is critical for various energy efficiency, security, and safety applications. We consider this challenge of occupancy detection using extremely low-quality, privacy-preserving images from low power image sensors. We propose a combined few shot learning and clustering algorithm to address this challenge that has very low commissioning and maintenance cost. While the few shot learning concept enables us to commission our system with a few labeled examples, the clustering step serves the purpose of online adaptation to changing imaging environment over time. Apart from validating and comparing our algorithm on benchmark datasets, we also demonstrate performance of our algorithm on streaming images collected from real homes using our novel battery free camera hardware.      
### 44.We Have So Much In Common: Modeling Semantic Relational Set Abstractions in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05596.pdf)
>  Identifying common patterns among events is a key ability in human and machine perception, as it underlies intelligent decision making. We propose an approach for learning semantic relational set abstractions on videos, inspired by human learning. We combine visual features with natural language supervision to generate high-level representations of similarities across a set of videos. This allows our model to perform cognitive tasks such as set abstraction (which general concept is in common among a set of videos?), set completion (which new video goes well with the set?), and odd one out detection (which video does not belong to the set?). Experiments on two video benchmarks, Kinetics and Multi-Moments in Time, show that robust and versatile representations emerge when learning to recognize commonalities among sets. We compare our model to several baseline algorithms and show that significant improvements result from explicitly learning relational abstractions with semantic supervision.      
### 45.Self-Path: Self-supervision for Classification of Pathology Images with Limited Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05571.pdf)
>  While high-resolution pathology images lend themselves well to `data hungry' deep learning algorithms, obtaining exhaustive annotations on these images is a major challenge. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised CNN approach to leverage unlabeled data for learning generalizable and domain invariant representations in pathology images. The proposed approach, which we term as Self-Path, is a multi-task learning approach where the main task is tissue classification and pretext tasks are a variety of self-supervised tasks with labels inherent to the input data. We introduce novel domain specific self-supervision tasks that leverage contextual, multi-resolution and semantic features in pathology images for semi-supervised learning and domain adaptation. We investigate the effectiveness of Self-Path on 3 different pathology datasets. Our results show that Self-Path with the domain-specific pretext tasks achieves state-of-the-art performance for semi-supervised learning when small amounts of labeled data are available. Further, we show that Self-Path improves domain adaptation for classification of histology image patches when there is no labeled data available for the target domain. This approach can potentially be employed for other applications in computational pathology, where annotation budget is often limited or large amount of unlabeled image data is available.      
### 46.Generating Person-Scene Interactions in 3D Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05570.pdf)
>  High fidelity digital 3D environments have been proposed in recent years; however, it remains extreme challenging to automatically equip such environment with realistic human bodies. Existing work utilizes images, depths, or semantic maps to represent the scene, and parametric human models to represent 3D bodies in the scene. While being straightforward, their generated human-scene interactions are often lack of naturalness and physical plausibility. Our key observation is that humans interact with the world through body-scene contact. To explicitly and effectively represent the physical contact between the body and the world is essential for modeling human-scene interaction. To that end, we propose a novel interaction representation, which explicitly encodes the proximity between the human body and the 3D scene around it. Specifically, given a set of basis points on a scene mesh, we leverage a conditional variational autoencoder to synthesize the distance from every basis point to its closest point on a human body. The synthesized proximal relationship between the human body and the scene can indicate which region a person tends to contact. Furthermore, based on such synthesized proximity, we can effectively obtain expressive 3D human bodies that naturally interact with the 3D scene. Our perceptual study shows that our model significantly improves the state-of-the-art method, approaching the realism of real human-scene interaction. We believe our method makes an important step towards the fully automatic synthesis of realistic 3D human bodies in 3D scenes. Our code and model will be publicly available for research purpose.      
### 47.Facial Expression Recognition Under Partial Occlusion from Virtual Reality Headsets based on Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05563.pdf)
>  Facial expressions of emotion are a major channel in our daily communications, and it has been subject of intense research in recent years. To automatically infer facial expressions, convolutional neural network based approaches has become widely adopted due to their proven applicability to Facial Expression Recognition (FER) task.On the other hand Virtual Reality (VR) has gained popularity as an immersive multimedia platform, where FER can provide enriched media experiences. However, recognizing facial expression while wearing a head-mounted VR headset is a challenging task due to the upper half of the face being completely occluded. In this paper we attempt to overcome these issues and focus on facial expression recognition in presence of a severe occlusion where the user is wearing a head-mounted display in a VR setting. We propose a geometric model to simulate occlusion resulting from a Samsung Gear VR headset that can be applied to existing FER datasets. Then, we adopt a transfer learning approach, starting from two pretrained networks, namely VGG and ResNet. We further fine-tune the networks on FER+ and RAF-DB datasets. Experimental results show that our approach achieves comparable results to existing methods while training on three modified benchmark datasets that adhere to realistic occlusion resulting from wearing a commodity VR headset. Code for this paper is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bita-github/MRP-FER" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 48.Continual Class Incremental Learning for CT Thoracic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05557.pdf)
>  Deep learning organ segmentation approaches require large amounts of annotated training data, which is limited in supply due to reasons of confidentiality and the time required for expert manual annotation. Therefore, being able to train models incrementally without having access to previously used data is desirable. A common form of sequential training is fine tuning (FT). In this setting, a model learns a new task effectively, but loses performance on previously learned tasks. The Learning without Forgetting (LwF) approach addresses this issue via replaying its own prediction for past tasks during model training. In this work, we evaluate FT and LwF for class incremental learning in multi-organ segmentation using the publicly available AAPM dataset. We show that LwF can successfully retain knowledge on previous segmentations, however, its ability to learn a new class decreases with the addition of each class. To address this problem we propose an adversarial continual learning segmentation approach (ACLSeg), which disentangles feature space into task-specific and task-invariant features. This enables preservation of performance on past tasks and effective acquisition of new knowledge.      
### 49.Co-training for On-board Deep Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05534.pdf)
>  Providing ground truth supervision to train visual models has been a bottleneck over the years, exacerbated by domain shifts which degenerate the performance of such models. This was the case when visual tasks relied on handcrafted features and shallow machine learning and, despite its unprecedented performance gains, the problem remains open within the deep learning paradigm due to its data-hungry nature. Best performing deep vision-based object detectors are trained in a supervised manner by relying on human-labeled bounding boxes which localize class instances (i.e.objects) within the training images.Thus, object detection is one of such tasks for which human labeling is a major bottleneck. In this paper, we assess co-training as a semi-supervised learning method for self-labeling objects in unlabeled images, so reducing the human-labeling effort for developing deep object detectors. Our study pays special attention to a scenario involving domain shift; in particular, when we have automatically generated virtual-world images with object bounding boxes and we have real-world images which are unlabeled. Moreover, we are particularly interested in using co-training for deep object detection in the context of driver assistance systems and/or self-driving vehicles. Thus, using well-established datasets and protocols for object detection in these application contexts, we will show how co-training is a paradigm worth to pursue for alleviating object labeling, working both alone and together with task-agnostic domain adaptation.      
### 50.Mitigating Dataset Imbalance via Joint Generation and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05524.pdf)
>  Supervised deep learning methods are enjoying enormous success in many practical applications of computer vision and have the potential to revolutionize robotics. However, the marked performance degradation to biases and imbalanced data questions the reliability of these methods. In this work we address these questions from the perspective of dataset imbalance resulting out of severe under-representation of annotated training data for certain classes and its effect on both deep classification and generation methods. We introduce a joint dataset repairment strategy by combining a neural network classifier with Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) that makes up for the deficit of training examples from the under-representated class by producing additional training examples. We show that the combined training helps to improve the robustness of both the classifier and the GAN against severe class imbalance. We show the effectiveness of our proposed approach on three very different datasets with different degrees of imbalance in them. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AadSah/ImbalanceCycleGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 51.Free View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05511.pdf)
>  We present a method for novel view synthesis from input images that are freely distributed around a scene. Our method does not rely on a regular arrangement of input views, can synthesize images for free camera movement through the scene, and works for general scenes with unconstrained geometric layouts. We calibrate the input images via SfM and erect a coarse geometric scaffold via MVS. This scaffold is used to create a proxy depth map for a novel view of the scene. Based on this depth map, a recurrent encoder-decoder network processes reprojected features from nearby views and synthesizes the new view. Our network does not need to be optimized for a given scene. After training on a dataset, it works in previously unseen environments with no fine-tuning or per-scene optimization. We evaluate the presented approach on challenging real-world datasets, including Tanks and Temples, where we demonstrate successful view synthesis for the first time and substantially outperform prior and concurrent work.      
### 52.Multi-level Stress Assessment Using Multi-domain Fusion of ECG Signal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05503.pdf)
>  Stress analysis and assessment of affective states of mind using ECG as a physiological signal is a burning research topic in biomedical signal processing. However, existing literature provides only binary assessment of stress, while multiple levels of assessment may be more beneficial for healthcare applications. Furthermore, in present research, ECG signal for stress analysis is examined independently in spatial domain or in transform domains but the advantage of fusing these domains has not been fully utilized. To get the maximum advantage of fusing diferent domains, we introduce a dataset with multiple stress levels and then classify these levels using a novel deep learning approach by converting ECG signal into signal images based on R-R peaks without any feature extraction. Moreover, We made signal images multimodal and multidomain by converting them into time-frequency and frequency domain using Gabor wavelet transform (GWT) and Discrete Fourier Transform (DFT) respectively. Convolutional Neural networks (CNNs) are used to extract features from different modalities and then decision level fusion is performed for improving the classification accuracy. The experimental results on an in-house dataset collected with 15 users show that with proposed fusion framework and using ECG signal to image conversion, we reach an average accuracy of 85.45%.      
### 53.Multi-Mask Self-Supervised Learning for Physics-Guided Neural Networks in Highly Accelerated MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.06029.pdf)
>  Purpose: To develop an improved self-supervised learning strategy that efficiently uses the acquired data for training a physics-guided reconstruction network without a database of fully-sampled data. <br>Methods: Currently self-supervised learning for physics-guided reconstruction networks splits acquired undersampled data into two disjoint sets, where one is used for data consistency (DC) in the unrolled network and the other to define the training loss. The proposed multi-mask self-supervised learning via data undersampling (SSDU) splits acquired measurements into multiple pairs of disjoint sets for each training sample, while using one of these sets for DC units and the other for defining loss, thereby more efficiently using the undersampled data. Multi-mask SSDU is applied on fully-sampled 3D knee and prospectively undersampled 3D brain MRI datasets, which are retrospectively subsampled to acceleration rate (R)=8, and compared to CG-SENSE and single-mask SSDU DL-MRI, as well as supervised DL-MRI when fully-sampled data is available. <br>Results: Results on knee MRI show that the proposed multi-mask SSDU outperforms SSDU and performs closely with supervised DL-MRI, while significantly outperforming CG-SENSE. A clinical reader study further ranks the multi-mask SSDU higher than supervised DL-MRI in terms of SNR and aliasing artifacts. Results on brain MRI show that multi-mask SSDU achieves better reconstruction quality compared to SSDU and CG-SENSE. Reader study demonstrates that multi-mask SSDU at R=8 significantly improves reconstruction compared to single-mask SSDU at R=8, as well as CG-SENSE at R=2. <br>Conclusion: The proposed multi-mask SSDU approach enables improved training of physics-guided neural networks without fully-sampled data, by enabling efficient use of the undersampled data with multiple masks.      
### 54.Deep Learning to Quantify Pulmonary Edema in Chest Radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05975.pdf)
>  Background: Clinical management decisions for acutely decompensated CHF patients are often based on grades of pulmonary edema severity, rather than its mere absence or presence. The grading of pulmonary edema on chest radiographs is based on well-known radiologic findings. <br>Purpose: We develop a clinical machine learning task to grade pulmonary edema severity and release both the underlying data and code to serve as a benchmark for future algorithmic developments in machine vision. <br>Materials and Methods: We collected 369,071 chest radiographs and their associated radiology reports from 64,581 patients from the MIMIC-CXR chest radiograph dataset. We extracted pulmonary edema severity labels from the associated radiology reports as 4 ordinal levels: no edema (0), vascular congestion (1), interstitial edema (2), and alveolar edema (3). We developed machine learning models using two standard approaches: 1) a semi-supervised model using a variational autoencoder and 2) a pre-trained supervised learning model using a dense neural network. <br>Results: We measured the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) from the semi-supervised model and the pre-trained model. AUROC for differentiating alveolar edema from no edema was 0.99 and 0.87 (semi-supervised and pre-trained models). Performance of the algorithm was inversely related to the difficulty in categorizing milder states of pulmonary edema: 2 vs 0 (0.88, 0.81), 1 vs 0 (0.79, 0.66), 3 vs 1 (0.93, 0.82), 2 vs 1 (0.69, 0.73), 3 vs 2 (0.88, 0.63). <br>Conclusion: Accurate grading of pulmonary edema on chest radiographs is a clinically important task. Application of state-of-the-art machine learning techniques can produce a novel quantitative imaging biomarker from one of the oldest and most widely available imaging modalities.      
### 55.Perceive, Predict, and Plan: Safe Motion Planning Through Interpretable Semantic Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05930.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a novel end-to-end learnable network that performs joint perception, prediction and motion planning for self-driving vehicles and produces interpretable intermediate representations. Unlike existing neural motion planners, our motion planning costs are consistent with our perception and prediction estimates. This is achieved by a novel differentiable semantic occupancy representation that is explicitly used as cost by the motion planning process. Our network is learned end-to-end from human demonstrations. The experiments in a large-scale manual-driving dataset and closed-loop simulation show that the proposed model significantly outperforms state-of-the-art planners in imitating the human behaviors while producing much safer trajectories.      
### 56.Motion Similarity Modeling -- A State of the Art Report  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05872.pdf)
>  The analysis of human motion opens up a wide range of possibilities, such as realistic training simulations or authentic motions in robotics or animation. One of the problems underlying motion analysis is the meaningful comparison of actions based on similarity measures. Since the motion analysis is application-dependent, it is essential to find the appropriate motion similarity method for the particular use case. This state of the art report provides an overview of human motion analysis and different similarity modeling methods, while mainly focusing on approaches that work with 3D motion data. The survey summarizes various similarity aspects and features of motion and describes approaches to measuring the similarity between two actions.      
### 57.Look, Listen, and Attend: Co-Attention Network for Self-Supervised Audio-Visual Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05789.pdf)
>  When watching videos, the occurrence of a visual event is often accompanied by an audio event, e.g., the voice of lip motion, the music of playing instruments. There is an underlying correlation between audio and visual events, which can be utilized as free supervised information to train a neural network by solving the pretext task of audio-visual synchronization. In this paper, we propose a novel self-supervised framework with co-attention mechanism to learn generic cross-modal representations from unlabelled videos in the wild, and further benefit downstream tasks. Specifically, we explore three different co-attention modules to focus on discriminative visual regions correlated to the sounds and introduce the interactions between them. Experiments show that our model achieves state-of-the-art performance on the pretext task while having fewer parameters compared with existing methods. To further evaluate the generalizability and transferability of our approach, we apply the pre-trained model on two downstream tasks, i.e., sound source localization and action recognition. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our model provides competitive results with other self-supervised methods, and also indicate that our approach can tackle the challenging scenes which contain multiple sound sources.      
### 58.Multi-Modality Pathology Segmentation Framework: Application to Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05780.pdf)
>  Multi-sequence of cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) images can provide complementary information for myocardial pathology (scar and edema). However, it is still challenging to fuse these underlying information for pathology segmentation effectively. This work presents an automatic cascade pathology segmentation framework based on multi-modality CMR images. It mainly consists of two neural networks: an anatomical structure segmentation network (ASSN) and a pathological region segmentation network (PRSN). Specifically, the ASSN aims to segment the anatomical structure where the pathology may exist, and it can provide a spatial prior for the pathological region segmentation. In addition, we integrate a denoising auto-encoder (DAE) into the ASSN to generate segmentation results with plausible shapes. The PRSN is designed to segment pathological region based on the result of ASSN, in which a fusion block based on channel attention is proposed to better aggregate multi-modality information from multi-modality CMR images. Experiments from the MyoPS2020 challenge dataset show that our framework can achieve promising performance for myocardial scar and edema segmentation.      
### 59.Weight Equalizing Shift Scaler-Coupled Post-training Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05767.pdf)
>  Post-training, layer-wise quantization is preferable because it is free from retraining and is hardware-friendly. Nevertheless, accuracy degradation has occurred when a neural network model has a big difference of per-out-channel weight ranges. In particular, the MobileNet family has a tragedy drop in top-1 accuracy from 70.60% ~ 71.87% to 0.1% on the ImageNet dataset after 8-bit weight quantization. To mitigate this significant accuracy reduction, we propose a new weight equalizing shift scaler, i.e. rescaling the weight range per channel by a 4-bit binary shift, prior to a layer-wise quantization. To recover the original output range, inverse binary shifting is efficiently fused to the existing per-layer scale compounding in the fixed-computing convolutional operator of the custom neural processing unit. The binary shift is a key feature of our algorithm, which significantly improved the accuracy performance without impeding the memory footprint. As a result, our proposed method achieved a top-1 accuracy of 69.78% ~ 70.96% in MobileNets and showed robust performance in varying network models and tasks, which is competitive to channel-wise quantization results.      
### 60.Revisiting Temporal Modeling for Video Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05765.pdf)
>  Video super-resolution plays an important role in surveillance video analysis and ultra-high-definition video display, which has drawn much attention in both the research and industrial communities. Although many deep learning-based VSR methods have been proposed, it is hard to directly compare these methods since the different loss functions and training datasets have a significant impact on the super-resolution results. In this work, we carefully study and compare three temporal modeling methods (2D CNN with early fusion, 3D CNN with slow fusion and Recurrent Neural Network) for video super-resolution. We also propose a novel Recurrent Residual Network (RRN) for efficient video super-resolution, where residual learning is utilized to stabilize the training of RNN and meanwhile to boost the super-resolution performance. Extensive experiments show that the proposed RRN is highly computational efficiency and produces temporal consistent VSR results with finer details than other temporal modeling methods. Besides, the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results on several widely used benchmarks.      
### 61.AdaIN-Switchable CycleGAN for Efficient Unsupervised Low-Dose CT Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05753.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning approaches have been extensively studied for low-dose CT denoising thanks to its superior performance despite the fast computational time. In particular, cycleGAN has been demonstrated as a powerful unsupervised learning scheme to improve the low-dose CT image quality without requiring matched high-dose reference data. Unfortunately, one of the main limitations of the cycleGAN approach is that it requires two deep neural network generators at the training phase, although only one of them is used at the inference phase. The secondary auxiliary generator is needed to enforce the cycle-consistency, but the additional memory requirement and increases of the learnable parameters are the main huddles for cycleGAN training. To address this issue, here we propose a novel cycleGAN architecture using a single switchable generator. In particular, a single generator is implemented using adaptive instance normalization (AdaIN) layers so that the baseline generator converting a low-dose CT image to a routine-dose CT image can be switched to a generator converting high-dose to low-dose by simply changing the AdaIN code. Thanks to the shared baseline network, the additional memory requirement and weight increases are minimized, and the training can be done more stably even with small training data. Experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms the previous cycleGAN approaches while using only about half the parameters.      
### 62.Towards Modality Transferable Visual Information Representation with Optimal Model Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05642.pdf)
>  Compactly representing the visual signals is of fundamental importance in various image/video-centered applications. Although numerous approaches were developed for improving the image and video coding performance by removing the redundancies within visual signals, much less work has been dedicated to the transformation of the visual signals to another well-established modality for better representation capability. In this paper, we propose a new scheme for visual signal representation that leverages the philosophy of transferable modality. In particular, the deep learning model, which characterizes and absorbs the statistics of the input scene with online training, could be efficiently represented in the sense of rate-utility optimization to serve as the enhancement layer in the bitstream. As such, the overall performance can be further guaranteed by optimizing the new modality incorporated. The proposed framework is implemented on the state-of-the-art video coding standard (i.e., versatile video coding), and significantly better representation capability has been observed based on extensive evaluations.      
### 63.Procedural Urban Forestry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05567.pdf)
>  The placement of vegetation plays a central role in the realism of virtual scenes. We introduce procedural placement models (PPMs) for vegetation in urban layouts. PPMs are environmentally sensitive to city geometry and allow identifying plausible plant positions based on structural and functional zones in an urban layout. PPMs can either be directly used by defining their parameters or can be learned from satellite images and land register data. Together with approaches for generating buildings and trees, this allows us to populate urban landscapes with complex 3D vegetation. The effectiveness of our framework is shown through examples of large-scale city scenes and close-ups of individually grown tree models; we also validate it by a perceptual user study.      
### 64.DSM-Net: Disentangled Structured Mesh Net for Controllable Generation of Fine Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.05440.pdf)
>  3D shape generation is a fundamental operation in computer graphics. While significant progress has been made, especially with recent deep generative models, it remains a challenge to synthesize high-quality geometric shapes with rich detail and complex structure, in a controllable manner. To tackle this, we introduce DSM-Net, a deep neural network that learns a disentangled structured mesh representation for 3D shapes, where two key aspects of shapes, geometry and structure, are encoded in a synergistic manner to ensure plausibility of the generated shapes, while also being disentangled as much as possible. This supports a range of novel shape generation applications with intuitive control, such as interpolation of structure (geometry) while keeping geometry (structure) unchanged. To achieve this, we simultaneously learn structure and geometry through variational autoencoders (VAEs) in a hierarchical manner for both, with bijective mappings at each level. In this manner we effectively encode geometry and structure in separate latent spaces, while ensuring their compatibility: the structure is used to guide the geometry and vice versa. At the leaf level, the part geometry is represented using a conditional part VAE, to encode high-quality geometric details, guided by the structure context as the condition. Our method not only supports controllable generation applications, but also produces high-quality synthesized shapes, outperforming state-of-the-art methods.      
