# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 27 Aug 2020
### 1.DRG: Dual Relation Graph for Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11714.pdf)
>  We tackle the challenging problem of human-object interaction (HOI) detection. Existing methods either recognize the interaction of each human-object pair in isolation or perform joint inference based on complex appearance-based features. In this paper, we leverage an abstract spatial-semantic representation to describe each human-object pair and aggregate the contextual information of the scene via a dual relation graph (one human-centric and one object-centric). Our proposed dual relation graph effectively captures discriminative cues from the scene to resolve ambiguity from local predictions. Our model is conceptually simple and leads to favorable results compared to the state-of-the-art HOI detection algorithms on two large-scale benchmark datasets.      
### 2.NAS-DIP: Learning Deep Image Prior with Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11713.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown that the structure of deep convolutional neural networks can be used as a structured image prior for solving various inverse image restoration tasks. Instead of using hand-designed architectures, we propose to search for neural architectures that capture stronger image priors. Building upon a generic U-Net architecture, our core contribution lies in designing new search spaces for (1) an upsampling cell and (2) a pattern of cross-scale residual connections. We search for an improved network by leveraging an existing neural architecture search algorithm (using reinforcement learning with a recurrent neural network controller). We validate the effectiveness of our method via a wide variety of applications, including image restoration, dehazing, image-to-image translation, and matrix factorization. Extensive experimental results show that our algorithm performs favorably against state-of-the-art learning-free approaches and reaches competitive performance with existing learning-based methods in some cases.      
### 3.Delving into Inter-Image Invariance for Unsupervised Visual Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11702.pdf)
>  Contrastive learning has recently shown immense potential in unsupervised visual representation learning. Existing studies in this track mainly focus on intra-image invariance learning. The learning typically uses rich intra-image transformations to construct positive pairs and then maximizes agreement using a contrastive loss. The merits of inter-image invariance, conversely, remain much less explored. One major obstacle to exploit inter-image invariance is that it is unclear how to reliably construct inter-image positive pairs, and further derive effective supervision from them since there are no pair annotations available. In this work, we present a rigorous and comprehensive study on inter-image invariance learning from three main constituting components: pseudo-label maintenance, sampling strategy, and decision boundary design. Through carefully-designed comparisons and analysis, we propose a unified framework that supports the integration of unsupervised intra- and inter-image invariance learning. With all the obtained recipes, our final model, namely InterCLR, achieves state-of-the-art performance on standard benchmarks. Code and models will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/open-mmlab/OpenSelfSup" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.5G Utility Pole Planner Using Google Street View and Mask R-CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11689.pdf)
>  With the advances of fifth-generation (5G) cellular networks technology, many studies and work have been carried out on how to build 5G networks for smart cities. In the previous research, street lighting poles and smart light poles are capable of being a 5G access point. In order to determine the position of the points, this paper discusses a new way to identify poles based on Mask R-CNN, which extends Fast R-CNNs by making it employ recursive Bayesian filtering and perform proposal propagation and reuse. The dataset contains 3,000 high-resolution images from google map. To make training faster, we used a very efficient GPU implementation of the convolution operation. We achieved a train error rate of 7.86% and a test error rate of 32.03%. At last, we used the immune algorithm to set 5G poles in the smart cities.      
### 5.DeepSOCIAL: Social Distancing Monitoring and Infection Risk Assessment in COVID-19 Pandemic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11672.pdf)
>  Social distancing is a recommended solution by the World Health Organisation (WHO) to minimise the spread of COVID-19 in public places. The majority of governments and national health authorities have set the 2-meter physical distancing as a mandatory safety measure in shopping centres, schools and other covered areas. In this research, we develop a generic Deep Neural Network-Based model for automated people detection, tracking, and inter-people distances estimation in the crowd, using common CCTV security cameras. The proposed model includes a YOLOv4-based framework and inverse perspective mapping for accurate people detection and social distancing monitoring in challenging conditions, including people occlusion, partial visibility, and lighting variations. We also provide an online risk assessment scheme by statistical analysis of the Spatio-temporal data from the moving trajectories and the rate of social distancing violations. We identify high-risk zones with the highest possibility of virus spread and infections. This may help authorities to redesign the layout of a public place or to take precaution actions to mitigate high-risk zones. The efficiency of the proposed methodology is evaluated on the Oxford Town Centre dataset, with superior performance in terms of accuracy and speed compared to three state-of-the-art methods.      
### 6.Attr2Style: A Transfer Learning Approach for Inferring Fashion Styles via Apparel Attributes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11662.pdf)
>  Popular fashion e-commerce platforms mostly provide details about low-level attributes of an apparel (for example, neck type, dress length, collar type, print etc) on their product detail pages. However, customers usually prefer to buy apparels based on their style information, or simply put, occasion (for example, party wear, sports wear, casual wear etc). Application of a supervised image-captioning model to generate style-based image captions is limited because obtaining ground-truth annotations in the form of style-based captions is difficult. This is because annotating style-based captions requires a certain amount of fashion domain expertise, and also adds to the costs and manual effort. On the contrary, low-level attribute based annotations are much more easily available. To address this issue, we propose a transfer-learning based image captioning model that is trained on a source dataset with sufficient attribute-based ground-truth captions, and used to predict style-based captions on a target dataset. The target dataset has only a limited amount of images with style-based ground-truth captions. The main motivation of our approach comes from the fact that most often there are correlations among the low-level attributes and the higher-level styles for an apparel. We leverage this fact and train our model in an encoder-decoder based framework using attention mechanism. In particular, the encoder of the model is first trained on the source dataset to obtain latent representations capturing the low-level attributes. The trained model is fine-tuned to generate style-based captions for the target dataset. To highlight the effectiveness of our method, we qualitatively demonstrate that the captions generated by our approach are close to the actual style information for the evaluated apparels.      
### 7.RNN-based Pedestrian Crossing Prediction using Activity and Pose-related Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11647.pdf)
>  Pedestrian crossing prediction is a crucial task for autonomous driving. Numerous studies show that an early estimation of the pedestrian's intention can decrease or even avoid a high percentage of accidents. In this paper, different variations of a deep learning system are proposed to attempt to solve this problem. The proposed models are composed of two parts: a CNN-based feature extractor and an RNN module. All the models were trained and tested on the JAAD dataset. The results obtained indicate that the choice of the features extraction method, the inclusion of additional variables such as pedestrian gaze direction and discrete orientation, and the chosen RNN type have a significant impact on the final performance.      
### 8.Each Part Matters: Local Patterns Facilitate Cross-view Geo-localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11646.pdf)
>  Cross-view geo-localization is to spot images of the same geographic target from different platforms, e.g., drone-view cameras and satellites. It is challenging in the large visual appearance changes caused by extreme viewpoint variations. Existing methods usually concentrate on mining the fine-grained feature of the geographic target in the image center, but underestimate the contextual information in neighbor areas. In this work, we argue that neighbor areas can be leveraged as auxiliary information, enriching discriminative clues for geo-localization. Specifically, we introduce a simple and effective deep neural network, called Local Pattern Network (LPN), to take advantage of contextual information in an end-to-end manner. Without using extra part estimators, LPN adopts a square-ring feature partition strategy, which provides the attention according to the distance to the image center. It eases the part matching and enables the part-wise representation learning. Owing to the square-ring partition design, the proposed LPN has good scalability to rotation variations and achieves competitive results on two prevailing benchmarks, i.e., University-1652 and CVUSA. Besides, we also show the proposed LPN can be easily embedded into other frameworks to further boost performance.      
### 9.Buy Me That Look: An Approach for Recommending Similar Fashion Products  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11638.pdf)
>  The recent proliferation of numerous fashion e-commerce platforms has led to a surge in online shopping of fashion products. Fashion being the dominant aspect in online retail sales, demands for efficient and effective fashion products recommendation systems that could boost revenue, improve customer experience and engagement. In this paper, we focus on the problem of similar fashion item recommendation for multiple fashion items. Given a Product Display Page for a fashion item in an online e-commerce platform, we identify the images with a full-shot look, i.e., the one with a full human model wearing the fashion item. While the majority of existing works in this domain focus on retrieving similar products corresponding to a single item present in a query, we focus on the retrieval of multiple fashion items at once. This is an important problem because while a user might have searched for a particular primary article type (e.g., men's shorts), the human model in the full-shot look image would usually be wearing secondary fashion items as well (e.g., t-shirts, shoes etc). Upon looking at the full-shot look image in the PDP, the user might also be interested in viewing similar items for the secondary article types. To address this need, we use human keypoint detection to first identify the fullshot images, from which we subsequently select the front facing ones. An article detection and localisation module pretrained on a large-dataset is then used to identify different articles in the image. The detected articles and the catalog database images are then represented in a common embedding space, for the purpose of similarity based retrieval. We make use of a triplet-based neural network to obtain the embeddings. Our embedding network by virtue of an active-learning component achieves further improvements in the retrieval performance.      
### 10.Cross-Spectral Periocular Recognition with Conditional Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11604.pdf)
>  This work addresses the challenge of comparing periocular images captured in different spectra, which is known to produce significant drops in performance in comparison to operating in the same spectrum. We propose the use of Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks, trained to con-vert periocular images between visible and near-infrared spectra, so that biometric verification is carried out in the same spectrum. The proposed setup allows the use of existing feature methods typically optimized to operate in a single spectrum. Recognition experiments are done using a number of off-the-shelf periocular comparators based both on hand-crafted features and CNN descriptors. Using the Hong Kong Polytechnic University Cross-Spectral Iris Images Database (PolyU) as benchmark dataset, our experiments show that cross-spectral performance is substantially improved if both images are converted to the same spectrum, in comparison to matching features extracted from images in different spectra. In addition to this, we fine-tune a CNN based on the ResNet50 architecture, obtaining a cross-spectral periocular performance of EER=1%, and GAR&gt;99% @ FAR=1%, which is comparable to the state-of-the-art with the PolyU database.      
### 11.An End-to-End Attack on Text-based CAPTCHAs Based on Cycle-Consistent Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11603.pdf)
>  As a widely deployed security scheme, text-based CAPTCHAs have become more and more difficult to resist machine learning-based attacks. So far, many researchers have conducted attacking research on text-based CAPTCHAs deployed by different companies (such as Microsoft, Amazon, and Apple) and achieved certain results.However, most of these attacks have some shortcomings, such as poor portability of attack methods, requiring a series of data preprocessing steps, and relying on large amounts of labeled CAPTCHAs. In this paper, we propose an efficient and simple end-to-end attack method based on cycle-consistent generative adversarial networks. Compared with previous studies, our method greatly reduces the cost of data labeling. In addition, this method has high portability. It can attack common text-based CAPTCHA schemes only by modifying a few configuration parameters, which makes the attack easier. Firstly, we train CAPTCHA synthesizers based on the cycle-GAN to generate some fake samples. Basic recognizers based on the convolutional recurrent neural network are trained with the fake data. Subsequently, an active transfer learning method is employed to optimize the basic recognizer utilizing tiny amounts of labeled real-world CAPTCHA samples. Our approach efficiently cracked the CAPTCHA schemes deployed by 10 popular websites, indicating that our attack is likely very general. Additionally, we analyzed the current most popular anti-recognition mechanisms. The results show that the combination of more anti-recognition mechanisms can improve the security of CAPTCHA, but the improvement is limited. Conversely, generating more complex CAPTCHAs may cost more resources and reduce the availability of CAPTCHAs.      
### 12.Estimating Example Difficulty using Variance of Gradients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11600.pdf)
>  In machine learning, a question of great interest is understanding what examples are challenging for a model to classify. Identifying atypical examples helps inform safe deployment of models, isolates examples that require further human inspection, and provides interpretability into model behavior. In this work, we propose Variance of Gradients (VOG) as a proxy metric for detecting outliers in the data distribution. We provide quantitative and qualitative support that VOG is a meaningful way to rank data by difficulty and to surface a tractable subset of the most challenging examples for human-in-the-loop auditing. Data points with high VOG scores are more difficult for the model to classify and over-index on examples that require memorization.      
### 13.End-to-End 3D Multi-Object Tracking and Trajectory Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11598.pdf)
>  3D multi-object tracking (MOT) and trajectory forecasting are two critical components in modern 3D perception systems. We hypothesize that it is beneficial to unify both tasks under one framework to learn a shared feature representation of agent interaction. To evaluate this hypothesis, we propose a unified solution for 3D MOT and trajectory forecasting which also incorporates two additional novel computational units. First, we employ a feature interaction technique by introducing Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) to capture the way in which multiple agents interact with one another. The GNN is able to model complex hierarchical interactions, improve the discriminative feature learning for MOT association, and provide socially-aware context for trajectory forecasting. Second, we use a diversity sampling function to improve the quality and diversity of our forecasted trajectories. The learned sampling function is trained to efficiently extract a variety of outcomes from a generative trajectory distribution and helps avoid the problem of generating many duplicate trajectory samples. We show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on the KITTI dataset. Our project website is at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.xinshuoweng.com/projects/GNNTrkForecast" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 14.A Prospective Study on Sequence-Driven Temporal Sampling and Ego-Motion Compensation for Action Recognition in the EPIC-Kitchens Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11588.pdf)
>  Action recognition is currently one of the top-challenging research fields in computer vision. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have significantly boosted its performance but rely on fixed-size spatio-temporal windows of analysis, reducing CNNs temporal receptive fields. Among action recognition datasets, egocentric recorded sequences have become of important relevance while entailing an additional challenge: ego-motion is unavoidably transferred to these sequences. The proposed method aims to cope with it by estimating this ego-motion or camera motion. The estimation is used to temporally partition video sequences into motion-compensated temporal \textit{chunks} showing the action under stable backgrounds and allowing for a content-driven temporal sampling. A CNN trained in an end-to-end fashion is used to extract temporal features from each \textit{chunk}, which are late fused. This process leads to the extraction of features from the whole temporal range of an action, increasing the temporal receptive field of the network.      
### 15.Weakly Supervised Learning with Side Information for Noisy Labeled Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11586.pdf)
>  In many real-world datasets, like WebVision, the performance of DNN based classifier is often limited by the noisy labeled data. To tackle this problem, some image related side information, such as captions and tags, often reveal underlying relationships across images. In this paper, we present an efficient weakly supervised learning by using a Side Information Network (SINet), which aims to effectively carry out a large scale classification with severely noisy labels. The proposed SINet consists of a visual prototype module and a noise weighting module. The visual prototype module is designed to generate a compact representation for each category by introducing the side information. The noise weighting module aims to estimate the correctness of each noisy image and produce a confidence score for image ranking during the training procedure. The propsed SINet can largely alleviate the negative impact of noisy image labels, and is beneficial to train a high performance CNN based classifier. Besides, we released a fine-grained product dataset called AliProducts, which contains more than 2.5 million noisy web images crawled from the internet by using queries generated from 50,000 fine-grained semantic classes. Extensive experiments on several popular benchmarks (i.e. Webvision, ImageNet and Clothing-1M) and our proposed AliProducts achieve state-of-the-art performance. The SINet has won the first place in the classification task on WebVision Challenge 2019, and outperformed other competitors by a large margin.      
### 16.Performance Optimization for Federated Person Re-identification via Benchmark Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11560.pdf)
>  Federated learning is a privacy-preserving machine learning technique that learns a shared model across decentralized clients. It can alleviate privacy concerns of personal re-identification, an important computer vision task. In this work, we implement federated learning to person re-identification (FedReID) and optimize its performance affected by statistical heterogeneity in the real-world scenario. We first construct a new benchmark to investigate the performance of FedReID. This benchmark consists of (1) nine datasets with different volumes sourced from different domains to simulate the heterogeneous situation in reality, (2) two federated scenarios, and (3) an enhanced federated algorithm for FedReID. The benchmark analysis shows that the client-edge-cloud architecture, represented by the federated-by-dataset scenario, has better performance than client-server architecture in FedReID. It also reveals the bottlenecks of FedReID under the real-world scenario, including poor performance of large datasets caused by unbalanced weights in model aggregation and challenges in convergence. Then we propose two optimization methods: (1) To address the unbalanced weight problem, we propose a new method to dynamically change the weights according to the scale of model changes in clients in each training round; (2) To facilitate convergence, we adopt knowledge distillation to refine the server model with knowledge generated from client models on a public dataset. Experiment results demonstrate that our strategies can achieve much better convergence with superior performance on all datasets. We believe that our work will inspire the community to further explore the implementation of federated learning on more computer vision tasks in real-world scenarios.      
### 17.Making a Case for 3D Convolutions for Object Segmentation in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11516.pdf)
>  The task of object segmentation in videos is usually accomplished by processing appearance and motion information separately using standard 2D convolutional networks, followed by a learned fusion of the two sources of information. On the other hand, 3D convolutional networks have been successfully applied for video classification tasks, but have not been leveraged as effectively to problems involving dense per-pixel interpretation of videos compared to their 2D convolutional counterparts and lag behind the aforementioned networks in terms of performance. In this work, we show that 3D CNNs can be effectively applied to dense video prediction tasks such as salient object segmentation. We propose a simple yet effective encoder-decoder network architecture consisting entirely of 3D convolutions that can be trained end-to-end using a standard cross-entropy loss. To this end, we leverage an efficient 3D encoder, and propose a 3D decoder architecture, that comprises novel 3D Global Convolution layers and 3D Refinement modules. Our approach outperforms existing state-of-the-arts by a large margin on the DAVIS'16 Unsupervised, FBMS and ViSal dataset benchmarks in addition to being faster, thus showing that our architecture can efficiently learn expressive spatio-temporal features and produce high quality video segmentation masks. Our code and models will be made publicly available.      
### 18.Cross-regional oil palm tree counting and detection via multi-level attention domain adaptation network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11505.pdf)
>  Providing an accurate evaluation of palm tree plantation in a large region can bring meaningful impacts in both economic and ecological aspects. However, the enormous spatial scale and the variety of geological features across regions has made it a grand challenge with limited solutions based on manual human monitoring efforts. Although deep learning based algorithms have demonstrated potential in forming an automated approach in recent years, the labelling efforts needed for covering different features in different regions largely constrain its effectiveness in large-scale problems. In this paper, we propose a novel domain adaptive oil palm tree detection method, i.e., a Multi-level Attention Domain Adaptation Network (MADAN) to reap cross-regional oil palm tree counting and detection. MADAN consists of 4 procedures: First, we adopted a batch-instance normalization network (BIN) based feature extractor for improving the generalization ability of the model, integrating batch normalization and instance normalization. Second, we embedded a multi-level attention mechanism (MLA) into our architecture for enhancing the transferability, including a feature level attention and an entropy level attention. Then we designed a minimum entropy regularization (MER) to increase the confidence of the classifier predictions through assigning the entropy level attention value to the entropy penalty. Finally, we employed a sliding window-based prediction and an IOU based post-processing approach to attain the final detection results. We conducted comprehensive ablation experiments using three different satellite images of large-scale oil palm plantation area with six transfer tasks. MADAN improves the detection accuracy by 14.98% in terms of average F1-score compared with the Baseline method (without DA), and performs 3.55%-14.49% better than existing domain adaptation methods.      
### 19.Gesture Recognition from Skeleton Data for Intuitive Human-Machine Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11497.pdf)
>  Human gesture recognition has assumed a capital role in industrial applications, such as Human-Machine Interaction. We propose an approach for segmentation and classification of dynamic gestures based on a set of handcrafted features, which are drawn from the skeleton data provided by the Kinect sensor. The module for gesture detection relies on a feedforward neural network which performs framewise binary classification. The method for gesture recognition applies a sliding window, which extracts information from both the spatial and temporal dimensions. Then we combine windows of varying durations to get a multi-temporal scale approach and an additional gain in performance. Encouraged by the recent success of Recurrent Neural Networks for time series domains, we also propose a method for simultaneous gesture segmentation and classification based on the bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory cells, which have shown ability for learning the temporal relationships on long temporal scales. We evaluate all the different approaches on the dataset published for the ChaLearn Looking at People Challenge 2014. The most effective method achieves a Jaccard index of 0.75, which suggests a performance almost on pair with that presented by the state-of-the-art techniques. At the end, the recognized gestures are used to interact with a collaborative robot.      
### 20.Vehicle Trajectory Prediction in Crowded Highway Scenarios Using Bird Eye View Representations and CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11493.pdf)
>  This paper describes a novel approach to perform vehicle trajectory predictions employing graphic representations. The vehicles are represented using Gaussian distributions into a Bird Eye View. Then the U-net model is used to perform sequence to sequence predictions. This deep learning-based methodology has been trained using the HighD dataset, which contains vehicles' detection in a highway scenario from aerial imagery. The problem is faced as an image to image regression problem training the network to learn the underlying relations between the traffic participants. This approach generates an estimation of the future appearance of the input scene, not trajectories or numeric positions. An extra step is conducted to extract the positions from the predicted representation with subpixel resolution. Different network configurations have been tested, and prediction error up to three seconds ahead is in the order of the representation resolution. The model has been tested in highway scenarios with more than 30 vehicles simultaneously in two opposite traffic flow streams showing good qualitative and quantitative results.      
### 21.Anime-to-Real Clothing: Cosplay Costume Generation via Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11479.pdf)
>  Cosplay has grown from its origins at fan conventions into a billion-dollar global dress phenomenon. To facilitate imagination and reinterpretation from animated images to real garments, this paper presents an automatic costume image generation method based on image-to-image translation. Cosplay items can be significantly diverse in their styles and shapes, and conventional methods cannot be directly applied to the wide variation in clothing images that are the focus of this study. To solve this problem, our method starts by collecting and preprocessing web images to prepare a cleaned, paired dataset of the anime and real domains. Then, we present a novel architecture for generative adversarial networks (GANs) to facilitate high-quality cosplay image generation. Our GAN consists of several effective techniques to fill the gap between the two domains and improve both the global and local consistency of generated images. Experiments demonstrated that, with two types of evaluation metrics, the proposed GAN achieves better performance than existing methods. We also showed that the images generated by the proposed method are more realistic than those generated by the conventional methods. Our codes and pretrained model are available on the web.      
### 22.HipaccVX: Wedding of OpenVX and DSL-based Code Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11476.pdf)
>  Writing programs for heterogeneous platforms optimized for high performance is hard since this requires the code to be tuned at a low level with architecture-specific optimizations that are most times based on fundamentally differing programming paradigms and languages. OpenVX promises to solve this issue for computer vision applications with a royalty-free industry standard that is based on a graph-execution model. Yet, the OpenVX' algorithm space is constrained to a small set of vision functions. This hinders accelerating computations that are not included in the standard. <br>In this paper, we analyze OpenVX vision functions to find an orthogonal set of computational abstractions. Based on these abstractions, we couple an existing Domain-Specific Language (DSL) back end to the OpenVX environment and provide language constructs to the programmer for the definition of user-defined nodes. In this way, we enable optimizations that are not possible to detect with OpenVX graph implementations using the standard computer vision functions. These optimizations can double the throughput on an Nvidia GTX GPU and decrease the resource usage of a Xilinx Zynq FPGA by 50% for our benchmarks. Finally, we show that our proposed compiler framework, called HipaccVX, can achieve better results than the state-of-the-art approaches Nvidia VisionWorks and Halide-HLS.      
### 23.SMAP: Single-Shot Multi-Person Absolute 3D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11469.pdf)
>  Recovering multi-person 3D poses with absolute scales from a single RGB image is a challenging problem due to the inherent depth and scale ambiguity from a single view. Addressing this ambiguity requires to aggregate various cues over the entire image, such as body sizes, scene layouts, and inter-person relationships. However, most previous methods adopt a top-down scheme that first performs 2D pose detection and then regresses the 3D pose and scale for each detected person individually, ignoring global contextual cues. In this paper, we propose a novel system that first regresses a set of 2.5D representations of body parts and then reconstructs the 3D absolute poses based on these 2.5D representations with a depth-aware part association algorithm. Such a single-shot bottom-up scheme allows the system to better learn and reason about the inter-person depth relationship, improving both 3D and 2D pose estimation. The experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the CMU Panoptic and MuPoTS-3D datasets and is applicable to in-the-wild videos.      
### 24.Semantic Graph Based Place Recognition for 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11459.pdf)
>  Due to the difficulty in generating the effective descriptors which are robust to occlusion and viewpoint changes, place recognition for 3D point cloud remains an open issue. Unlike most of the existing methods that focus on extracting local, global, and statistical features of raw point clouds, our method aims at the semantic level that can be superior in terms of robustness to environmental changes. Inspired by the perspective of humans, who recognize scenes through identifying semantic objects and capturing their relations, this paper presents a novel semantic graph based approach for place recognition. First, we propose a novel semantic graph representation for the point cloud scenes by reserving the semantic and topological information of the raw point cloud. Thus, place recognition is modeled as a graph matching problem. Then we design a fast and effective graph similarity network to compute the similarity. Exhaustive evaluations on the KITTI dataset show that our approach is robust to the occlusion as well as viewpoint changes and outperforms the state-of-the-art methods with a large margin. Our code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kxhit/SG_PR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 25.Determinantal Point Process as an alternative to NMS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11451.pdf)
>  We present a determinantal point process (DPP) inspired alternative to non-maximum suppression (NMS) which has become an integral step in all state-of-the-art object detection frameworks. DPPs have been shown to encourage diversity in subset selection problems. We pose NMS as a subset selection problem and posit that directly incorporating DPP like framework can improve the overall performance of the object detection system. We propose an optimization problem which takes the same inputs as NMS, but introduces a novel sub-modularity based diverse subset selection functional. Our results strongly indicate that the modifications proposed in this paper can provide consistent improvements to state-of-the-art object detection pipelines.      
### 26.Fusion of Global-Local Features for Image Quality Inspection of Shipping Label  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11440.pdf)
>  The demands of automated shipping address recognition and verification have increased to handle a large number of packages and to save costs associated with misdelivery. A previous study proposed a deep learning system where the shipping address is recognized and verified based on a camera image capturing the shipping address and barcode area. Because the system performance depends on the input image quality, inspection of input image quality is necessary for image preprocessing. In this paper, we propose an input image quality verification method combining global and local features. Object detection and scale-invariant feature transform in different feature spaces are developed to extract global and local features from several independent convolutional neural networks. The conditions of shipping label images are classified by fully connected fusion layers with concatenated global and local features. The experimental results regarding real captured and generated images show that the proposed method achieves better performance than other methods. These results are expected to improve the shipping address recognition and verification system by applying different image preprocessing steps based on the classified conditions.      
### 27.Orientation-aware Vehicle Re-identification with Semantics-guided Part Attention Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11423.pdf)
>  Vehicle re-identification (re-ID) focuses on matching images of the same vehicle across different cameras. It is fundamentally challenging because differences between vehicles are sometimes subtle. While several studies incorporate spatial-attention mechanisms to help vehicle re-ID, they often require expensive keypoint labels or suffer from noisy attention mask if not trained with expensive labels. In this work, we propose a dedicated Semantics-guided Part Attention Network (SPAN) to robustly predict part attention masks for different views of vehicles given only image-level semantic labels during training. With the help of part attention masks, we can extract discriminative features in each part separately. Then we introduce Co-occurrence Part-attentive Distance Metric (CPDM) which places greater emphasis on co-occurrence vehicle parts when evaluating the feature distance of two images. Extensive experiments validate the effectiveness of the proposed method and show that our framework outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 28.Point Adversarial Self Mining: A Simple Method for Facial Expression Recognition in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11401.pdf)
>  In this paper, the Point Adversarial Self Mining (PASM) approach, a simple yet effective way to progressively mine knowledge from training samples, is proposed to produce training data for CNNs to improve the performance and network generality in Facial Expression Recognition (FER) task. In order to achieve a high prediction accuracy under real-world scenarios, most of the existing works choose to manipulate the network architectures and design sophisticated loss terms. Although demonstrated to be effective in real scenarios, those aforementioned methods require extra efforts in network design. Inspired by random erasing and adversarial erasing, we propose PASM for data augmentation, simulating the data distribution in the wild. Specifically, given a sample and a pre-trained network, our proposed approach locates the informative region in the sample generated by point adversarial attack policy. The informative region is highly structured and sparse. Comparing to the regions produced by random erasing which selects the region in a purely random way and adversarial erasing which operates by attention maps, the located informative regions obtained by PASM are more adaptive and better aligned with the previous findings: not all but only a few facial regions contribute to the accurate prediction. Then, the located informative regions are masked out from the original samples to generate augmented images, which would force the network to explore additional information from other less informative regions. The augmented images are used to finetune the network to enhance its generality. In the refinement process, we take advantage of knowledge distillation, utilizing the pre-trained network to provide guidance and retain knowledge from old samples to train a new network with the same structural configuration.      
### 29.Applying Surface Normal Information in Drivable Area and Road Anomaly Detection for Ground Mobile Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11383.pdf)
>  The joint detection of drivable areas and road anomalies is a crucial task for ground mobile robots. In recent years, many impressive semantic segmentation networks, which can be used for pixel-level drivable area and road anomaly detection, have been developed. However, the detection accuracy still needs improvement. Therefore, we develop a novel module named the Normal Inference Module (NIM), which can generate surface normal information from dense depth images with high accuracy and efficiency. Our NIM can be deployed in existing convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to refine the segmentation performance. To evaluate the effectiveness and robustness of our NIM, we embed it in twelve state-of-the-art CNNs. The experimental results illustrate that our NIM can greatly improve the performance of the CNNs for drivable area and road anomaly detection. Furthermore, our proposed NIM-RTFNet ranks 8th on the KITTI road benchmark and exhibits a real-time inference speed.      
### 30.Effective Action Recognition with Embedded Key Point Shifts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11378.pdf)
>  Temporal feature extraction is an essential technique in video-based action recognition. Key points have been utilized in skeleton-based action recognition methods but they require costly key point annotation. In this paper, we propose a novel temporal feature extraction module, named Key Point Shifts Embedding Module ($KPSEM$), to adaptively extract channel-wise key point shifts across video frames without key point annotation for temporal feature extraction. Key points are adaptively extracted as feature points with maximum feature values at split regions, while key point shifts are the spatial displacements of corresponding key points. The key point shifts are encoded as the overall temporal features via linear embedding layers in a multi-set manner. Our method achieves competitive performance through embedding key point shifts with trivial computational cost, achieving the state-of-the-art performance of 82.05% on Mini-Kinetics and competitive performance on UCF101, Something-Something-v1, and HMDB51 datasets.      
### 31.Keypoint-Aligned Embeddings for Image Retrieval and Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11368.pdf)
>  Learning embeddings that are invariant to the pose of the object is crucial in visual image retrieval and re-identification. The existing approaches for person, vehicle, or animal re-identification tasks suffer from high intra-class variance due to deformable shapes and different camera viewpoints. To overcome this limitation, we propose to align the image embedding with a predefined order of the keypoints. The proposed keypoint aligned embeddings model (KAE-Net) learns part-level features via multi-task learning which is guided by keypoint locations. More specifically, KAE-Net extracts channels from a feature map activated by a specific keypoint through learning the auxiliary task of heatmap reconstruction for this keypoint. The KAE-Net is compact, generic and conceptually simple. It achieves state of the art performance on the benchmark datasets of CUB-200-2011, Cars196 and VeRi-776 for retrieval and re-identification tasks.      
### 32.How Do the Hearts of Deep Fakes Beat? Deep Fake Source Detection via Interpreting Residuals with Biological Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11363.pdf)
>  Fake portrait video generation techniques have been posing a new threat to the society with photorealistic deep fakes for political propaganda, celebrity imitation, forged evidences, and other identity related manipulations. Following these generation techniques, some detection approaches have also been proved useful due to their high classification accuracy. Nevertheless, almost no effort was spent to track down the source of deep fakes. We propose an approach not only to separate deep fakes from real videos, but also to discover the specific generative model behind a deep fake. Some pure deep learning based approaches try to classify deep fakes using CNNs where they actually learn the residuals of the generator. We believe that these residuals contain more information and we can reveal these manipulation artifacts by disentangling them with biological signals. Our key observation yields that the spatiotemporal patterns in biological signals can be conceived as a representative projection of residuals. To justify this observation, we extract PPG cells from real and fake videos and feed these to a state-of-the-art classification network for detecting the generative model per video. Our results indicate that our approach can detect fake videos with 97.29% accuracy, and the source model with 93.39% accuracy.      
### 33.Discriminative Cross-Domain Feature Learning for Partial Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11360.pdf)
>  Partial domain adaptation aims to adapt knowledge from a larger and more diverse source domain to a smaller target domain with less number of classes, which has attracted appealing attention. Recent practice on domain adaptation manages to extract effective features by incorporating the pseudo labels for the target domain to better fight off the cross-domain distribution divergences. However, it is essential to align target data with only a small set of source data. In this paper, we develop a novel Discriminative Cross-Domain Feature Learning (DCDF) framework to iteratively optimize target labels with a cross-domain graph in a weighted scheme. Specifically, a weighted cross-domain center loss and weighted cross-domain graph propagation are proposed to couple unlabeled target data to related source samples for discriminative cross-domain feature learning, where irrelevant source centers will be ignored, to alleviate the marginal and conditional disparities simultaneously. Experimental evaluations on several popular benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach on facilitating the recognition for the unlabeled target domain, through comparing it to the state-of-the-art partial domain adaptation approaches.      
### 34.Generating Handwriting via Decouple Style Descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11354.pdf)
>  Representing a space of handwriting stroke styles includes the challenge of representing both the style of each character and the overall style of the human writer. Existing VRNN approaches to representing handwriting often do not distinguish between these different style components, which can reduce model capability. Instead, we introduce the Decoupled Style Descriptor (DSD) model for handwriting, which factors both character- and writer-level styles and allows our model to represent an overall greater space of styles. This approach also increases flexibility: given a few examples, we can generate handwriting in new writer styles, and also now generate handwriting of new characters across writer styles. In experiments, our generated results were preferred over a state of the art baseline method 88% of the time, and in a writer identification task on 20 held-out writers, our DSDs achieved 89.38% accuracy from a single sample word. Overall, DSDs allows us to improve both the quality and flexibility over existing handwriting stroke generation approaches.      
### 35.Detection of Genuine and Posed Facial Expressions of Emotion: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11353.pdf)
>  Facial expressions of emotion play an important role in human social interactions. However, posed acting is not always the same as genuine feeling. Therefore, the credibility assessment of facial expressions, namely, the discrimination of genuine (spontaneous) expressions from posed(deliberate/volitional/deceptive) ones, is a crucial yet challenging task in facial expression understanding. Rapid progress has been made in recent years for automatic detection of genuine and posed facial expressions. This paper presents a general review of the relevant research, including several spontaneous vs. posed (SVP) facial expression databases and various computer vision based detection methods. In addition, a variety of factors that will influence the performance of SVP detection methods are discussed along with open issues and technical challenges.      
### 36.SNE-RoadSeg: Incorporating Surface Normal Information into Semantic Segmentation for Accurate Freespace Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11351.pdf)
>  Freespace detection is an essential component of visual perception for self-driving cars. The recent efforts made in data-fusion convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have significantly improved semantic driving scene segmentation. Freespace can be hypothesized as a ground plane, on which the points have similar surface normals. Hence, in this paper, we first introduce a novel module, named surface normal estimator (SNE), which can infer surface normal information from dense depth/disparity images with high accuracy and efficiency. Furthermore, we propose a data-fusion CNN architecture, referred to as RoadSeg, which can extract and fuse features from both RGB images and the inferred surface normal information for accurate freespace detection. For research purposes, we publish a large-scale synthetic freespace detection dataset, named Ready-to-Drive (R2D) road dataset, collected under different illumination and weather conditions. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed SNE module can benefit all the state-of-the-art CNNs for freespace detection, and our SNE-RoadSeg achieves the best overall performance among different datasets.      
### 37.Synthetic Sample Selection via Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11331.pdf)
>  Synthesizing realistic medical images provides a feasible solution to the shortage of training data in deep learning based medical image recognition systems. However, the quality control of synthetic images for data augmentation purposes is under-investigated, and some of the generated images are not realistic and may contain misleading features that distort data distribution when mixed with real images. Thus, the effectiveness of those synthetic images in medical image recognition systems cannot be guaranteed when they are being added randomly without quality assurance. In this work, we propose a reinforcement learning (RL) based synthetic sample selection method that learns to choose synthetic images containing reliable and informative features. A transformer based controller is trained via proximal policy optimization (PPO) using the validation classification accuracy as the reward. The selected images are mixed with the original training data for improved training of image recognition systems. To validate our method, we take the pathology image recognition as an example and conduct extensive experiments on two histopathology image datasets. In experiments on a cervical dataset and a lymph node dataset, the image classification performance is improved by 8.1% and 2.3%, respectively, when utilizing high-quality synthetic images selected by our RL framework. Our proposed synthetic sample selection method is general and has great potential to boost the performance of various medical image recognition systems given limited annotation.      
### 38.Likelihood Landscapes: A Unifying Principle Behind Many Adversarial Defenses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11300.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks have been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial examples, which are known to locate in subspaces close to where normal data lies but are not naturally occurring and of low probability. In this work, we investigate the potential effect defense techniques have on the geometry of the likelihood landscape - likelihood of the input images under the trained model. We first propose a way to visualize the likelihood landscape leveraging an energy-based model interpretation of discriminative classifiers. Then we introduce a measure to quantify the flatness of the likelihood landscape. We observe that a subset of adversarial defense techniques results in a similar effect of flattening the likelihood landscape. We further explore directly regularizing towards a flat landscape for adversarial robustness.      
### 39.Transductive Information Maximization For Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11297.pdf)
>  We introduce Transductive Infomation Maximization (TIM) for few-shot learning. Our method maximizes the mutual information between the query features and predictions of a few-shot task, subject to supervision constraints from the support set. Furthermore, we propose a new alternating direction solver for our mutual-information loss, which substantially speeds up transductive-inference convergence over gradient-based optimization, while demonstrating similar accuracy performance. Following standard few-shot settings, our comprehensive experiments demonstrate that TIM outperforms state-of-the-art methods significantly across all datasets and networks, while using simple cross-entropy training on the base classes, without resorting to complex meta-learning schemes. It consistently brings between 2% to 5% improvement in accuracy over the best performing methods not only on all the well-established few-shot benchmarks, but also on more challenging scenarios, with domain shifts and larger number of classes.      
### 40.Multi-Face: Self-supervised Multiview Adaptation for Robust Face Clustering in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11289.pdf)
>  Robust face clustering is a key step towards computational understanding of visual character portrayals in media. Face clustering for long-form content such as movies is challenging because of variations in appearance and lack of large-scale labeled video resources. However, local face tracking in videos can be used to mine samples belonging to same/different persons by examining the faces co-occurring in a video frame. In this work, we use this idea of self-supervision to harvest large amounts of weakly labeled face tracks in movies. We propose a nearest-neighbor search in the embedding space to mine hard examples from the face tracks followed by domain adaptation using multiview shared subspace learning. Our benchmarking on movie datasets demonstrate the robustness of multiview adaptation for face verification and clustering. We hope that the large-scale data resources developed in this work can further advance automatic character labeling in videos.      
### 41.Deep Neural Network for 3D Surface Segmentation based on Contour Tree Hierarchy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11269.pdf)
>  Given a 3D surface defined by an elevation function on a 2D grid as well as non-spatial features observed at each pixel, the problem of surface segmentation aims to classify pixels into contiguous classes based on both non-spatial features and surface topology. The problem has important applications in hydrology, planetary science, and biochemistry but is uniquely challenging for several reasons. First, the spatial extent of class segments follows surface contours in the topological space, regardless of their spatial shapes and directions. Second, the topological structure exists in multiple spatial scales based on different surface resolutions. Existing widely successful deep learning models for image segmentation are often not applicable due to their reliance on convolution and pooling operations to learn regular structural patterns on a grid. In contrast, we propose to represent surface topological structure by a contour tree skeleton, which is a polytree capturing the evolution of surface contours at different elevation levels. We further design a graph neural network based on the contour tree hierarchy to model surface topological structure at different spatial scales. Experimental evaluations based on real-world hydrological datasets show that our model outperforms several baseline methods in classification accuracy.      
### 42.Temporal Action Localization with Variance-Aware Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11254.pdf)
>  This work addresses the problem of temporal action localization with Variance-Aware Networks (VAN), i.e., DNNs that use second-order statistics in the input and/or the output of regression tasks. We first propose a network (VANp) that when presented with the second-order statistics of the input, i.e., each sample has a mean and a variance, it propagates the mean and the variance throughout the network to deliver outputs with second order statistics. In this framework, both the input and the output could be interpreted as Gaussians. To do so, we derive differentiable analytic solutions, or reasonable approximations, to propagate across commonly used NN layers. To train the network, we define a differentiable loss based on the KL-divergence between the predicted Gaussian and a Gaussian around the ground truth action borders, and use standard back-propagation. Importantly, the variances propagation in VANp does not require any additional parameters, and during testing, does not require any additional computations either. In action localization, the means and the variances of the input are computed at pooling operations, that are typically used to bring arbitrarily long videos to a vector with fixed dimensions. Second, we propose two alternative formulations that augment the first (respectively, the last) layer of a regression network with additional parameters so as to take in the input (respectively, predict in the output) both means and variances. Results in the action localization problem show that the incorporation of second order statistics improves over the baseline network, and that VANp surpasses the accuracy of virtually all other two-stage networks without involving any additional parameters.      
### 43.HoloLens 2 Research Mode as a Tool for Computer Vision Research  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11239.pdf)
>  Mixed reality headsets, such as the Microsoft HoloLens 2, are powerful sensing devices with integrated compute capabilities, which makes it an ideal platform for computer vision research. In this technical report, we present HoloLens 2 Research Mode, an API and a set of tools enabling access to the raw sensor streams. We provide an overview of the API and explain how it can be used to build mixed reality applications based on processing sensor data. We also show how to combine the Research Mode sensor data with the built-in eye and hand tracking capabilities provided by HoloLens 2. By releasing the Research Mode API and a set of open-source tools, we aim to foster further research in the fields of computer vision as well as robotics and encourage contributions from the research community.      
### 44.A Hidden Markov Tree Model for Flood Extent Mapping in Heavily Vegetated Areas based on High Resolution Aerial Imagery and DEM: A Case Study on Hurricane Matthew Floods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11230.pdf)
>  Flood extent mapping plays a crucial role in disaster management and national water forecasting. In recent years, high-resolution optical imagery becomes increasingly available with the deployment of numerous small satellites and drones. However, analyzing such imagery data to extract flood extent poses unique challenges due to the rich noise and shadows, obstacles (e.g., tree canopies, clouds), and spectral confusion between pixel classes (flood, dry) due to spatial heterogeneity. Existing machine learning techniques often focus on spectral and spatial features from raster images without fully incorporating the geographic terrain within classification models. In contrast, we recently proposed a novel machine learning model called geographical hidden Markov tree that integrates spectral features of pixels and topographic constraints from Digital Elevation Model (DEM) data (i.e., water flow directions) in a holistic manner. This paper evaluates the model through case studies on high-resolution aerial imagery from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) National Geodetic Survey together with DEM. Three scenes are selected in heavily vegetated floodplains near the cities of Grimesland and Kinston in North Carolina during Hurricane Matthew floods in 2016. Results show that the proposed hidden Markov tree model outperforms several state of the art machine learning algorithms (e.g., random forests, gradient boosted model) by an improvement of F-score (the harmonic mean of the user's accuracy and producer's accuracy) from around 70% to 80% to over 95% on our datasets.      
### 45.Orientation-Disentangled Unsupervised Representation Learning for Computational Pathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11673.pdf)
>  Unsupervised learning enables modeling complex images without the need for annotations. The representation learned by such models can facilitate any subsequent analysis of large image datasets. <br>However, some generative factors that cause irrelevant variations in images can potentially get entangled in such a learned representation causing the risk of negatively affecting any subsequent use. The orientation of imaged objects, for instance, is often arbitrary/irrelevant, thus it can be desired to learn a representation in which the orientation information is disentangled from all other factors. <br>Here, we propose to extend the Variational Auto-Encoder framework by leveraging the group structure of rotation-equivariant convolutional networks to learn orientation-wise disentangled generative factors of histopathology images. This way, we enforce a novel partitioning of the latent space, such that oriented and isotropic components get separated. <br>We evaluated this structured representation on a dataset that consists of tissue regions for which nuclear pleomorphism and mitotic activity was assessed by expert pathologists. We show that the trained models efficiently disentangle the inherent orientation information of single-cell images. In comparison to classical approaches, the resulting aggregated representation of sub-populations of cells produces higher performances in subsequent tasks.      
### 46.Analysis of deep machine learning algorithms in COVID-19 disease diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11639.pdf)
>  The aim of the work is to use deep neural network models for solving the problem of image recognition. These days, every human being is threatened by a harmful coronavirus disease, also called COVID-19 disease. The spread of coronavirus affects the economy of many countries in the world. To find COVID-19 patients early is very essential to avoid the spread and harm to society. Pathological tests and Chromatography(CT) scans are helpful for the diagnosis of COVID-19. However, these tests are having drawbacks such as a large number of false positives, and cost of these tests are so expensive. Hence, it requires finding an easy, accurate, and less expensive way for the detection of the harmful COVID-19 disease. Chest-x-ray can be useful for the detection of this disease. Therefore, in this work chest, x-ray images are used for the diagnosis of suspected COVID-19 patients using modern machine learning techniques. The analysis of the results is carried out and conclusions are made about the effectiveness of deep machine learning algorithms in image recognition problems.      
### 47.3D Semantic Segmentation of Brain Tumor for Overall Survival Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11576.pdf)
>  Glioma, the malignant brain tumor, requires immediate treatment to improve the survival of patients. Gliomas heterogeneous nature makes the segmentation difficult, especially for sub-regions like necrosis, enhancing tumor, non-enhancing tumor, and Edema. Deep neural networks like full convolution neural networks and ensemble of fully convolution neural networks are successful for Glioma segmentation. The paper demonstrates the use of a 3D fully convolution neural network with a three layer encoder decoder approach for layer arrangement. The encoder blocks include the dense modules, and decoder blocks include convolution modules. The input to the network is 3D patches. The loss function combines dice loss and focal loss functions. The validation set dice score of the network is 0.74, 0.88, and 0.73 for enhancing tumor, whole tumor, and tumor core, respectively. The Random Forest Regressor uses shape, volumetric, and age features extracted from ground truth for overall survival prediction. The regressor achieves an accuracy of 44.8% on the validation set.      
### 48.On the Composition and Limitations of Publicly Available COVID-19 X-Ray Imaging Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11572.pdf)
>  Machine learning based methods for diagnosis and progression prediction of COVID-19 from imaging data have gained significant attention in the last months, in particular by the use of deep learning models. In this context hundreds of models where proposed with the majority of them trained on public datasets. Data scarcity, mismatch between training and target population, group imbalance, and lack of documentation are important sources of bias, hindering the applicability of these models to real-world clinical practice. Considering that datasets are an essential part of model building and evaluation, a deeper understanding of the current landscape is needed. This paper presents an overview of the currently public available COVID-19 chest X-ray datasets. Each dataset is briefly described and potential strength, limitations and interactions between datasets are identified. In particular, some key properties of current datasets that could be potential sources of bias, impairing models trained on them are pointed out. These descriptions are useful for model building on those datasets, to choose the best dataset according the model goal, to take into account the specific limitations to avoid reporting overconfident benchmark results, and to discuss their impact on the generalisation capabilities in a specific clinical setting      
### 49.Towards Structured Prediction in Bioinformatics with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11546.pdf)
>  Using machine learning, especially deep learning, to facilitate biological research is a fascinating research direction. However, in addition to the standard classification or regression problems, in bioinformatics, we often need to predict more complex structured targets, such as 2D images and 3D molecular structures. The above complex prediction tasks are referred to as structured prediction. Structured prediction is more complicated than the traditional classification but has much broader applications, considering that most of the original bioinformatics problems have complex output objects. Due to the properties of those structured prediction problems, such as having problem-specific constraints and dependency within the labeling space, the straightforward application of existing deep learning models can lead to unsatisfactory results. Here, we argue that the following ideas can help resolve structured prediction problems in bioinformatics. Firstly, we can combine deep learning with other classic algorithms, such as probabilistic graphical models, which model the problem structure explicitly. Secondly, we can design the problem-specific deep learning architectures or methods by considering the structured labeling space and problem constraints, either explicitly or implicitly. We demonstrate our ideas with six projects from four bioinformatics subfields, including sequencing analysis, structure prediction, function annotation, and network analysis. The structured outputs cover 1D signals, 2D images, 3D structures, hierarchical labeling, and heterogeneous networks. With the help of the above ideas, all of our methods can achieve SOTA performance on the corresponding problems. The success of these projects motivates us to extend our work towards other more challenging but important problems, such as health-care problems, which can directly benefit people's health and wellness.      
### 50.Disentangled Representations for Domain-generalized Cardiac Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11514.pdf)
>  Robust cardiac image segmentation is still an open challenge due to the inability of the existing methods to achieve satisfactory performance on unseen data of different domains. Since the acquisition and annotation of medical data are costly and time-consuming, recent work focuses on domain adaptation and generalization to bridge the gap between data from different populations and scanners. In this paper, we propose two data augmentation methods that focus on improving the domain adaptation and generalization abilities of state-to-the-art cardiac segmentation models. In particular, our "Resolution Augmentation" method generates more diverse data by rescaling images to different resolutions within a range spanning different scanner protocols. Subsequently, our "Factor-based Augmentation" method generates more diverse data by projecting the original samples onto disentangled latent spaces, and combining the learned anatomy and modality factors from different domains. Our extensive experiments demonstrate the importance of efficient adaptation between seen and unseen domains, as well as model generalization ability, to robust cardiac image segmentation.      
### 51.Detection of Retinal Blood Vessels by using Gabor filter with Entropic threshold  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11508.pdf)
>  Diabetic retinopathy is the basic reason for visual deficiency. This paper introduces a programmed strategy to identify and dispense with the blood vessels. The location of the blood vessels is the fundamental stride in the discovery of diabetic retinopathy because the blood vessels are the typical elements of the retinal picture. The location of the blood vessels can help the ophthalmologists to recognize the sicknesses prior and quicker. The blood vessels recognized and wiped out by utilizing Gobar filter on two freely accessible retinal databases which are STARE and DRIVE. The exactness of segmentation calculation is assessed quantitatively by contrasting the physically sectioned pictures and the comparing yield pictures, the Gabor filter with Entropic threshold vessel pixel segmentation by Entropic thresholding is better vessels with less false positive portion rate.      
### 52.Selective Particle Attention: Visual Feature-Based Attention in Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11491.pdf)
>  The human brain uses selective attention to filter perceptual input so that only the components that are useful for behaviour are processed using its limited computational resources. We focus on one particular form of visual attention known as feature-based attention, which is concerned with identifying features of the visual input that are important for the current task regardless of their spatial location. Visual feature-based attention has been proposed to improve the efficiency of Reinforcement Learning (RL) by reducing the dimensionality of state representations and guiding learning towards relevant features. Despite achieving human level performance in complex perceptual-motor tasks, Deep RL algorithms have been consistently criticised for their poor efficiency and lack of flexibility. Visual feature-based attention therefore represents one option for addressing these criticisms. Nevertheless, it is still an open question how the brain is able to learn which features to attend to during RL. To help answer this question we propose a novel algorithm, termed Selective Particle Attention (SPA), which imbues a Deep RL agent with the ability to perform selective feature-based attention. SPA learns which combinations of features to attend to based on their bottom-up saliency and how accurately they predict future reward. We evaluate SPA on a multiple choice task and a 2D video game that both involve raw pixel input and dynamic changes to the task structure. We show various benefits of SPA over approaches that naively attend to either all or random subsets of features. Our results demonstrate (1) how visual feature-based attention in Deep RL models can improve their learning efficiency and ability to deal with sudden changes in task structure and (2) that particle filters may represent a viable computational account of how visual feature-based attention occurs in the brain.      
### 53.DRR4Covid: Learning Automated COVID-19 Infection Segmentation from Digitally Reconstructed Radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11478.pdf)
>  Automated infection measurement and COVID-19 diagnosis based on Chest X-ray (CXR) imaging is important for faster examination. We propose a novel approach, called DRR4Covid, to learn automated COVID-19 diagnosis and infection segmentation on CXRs from digitally reconstructed radiographs (DRRs). DRR4Covid comprises of an infection-aware DRR generator, a classification and/or segmentation network, and a domain adaptation module. The infection-aware DRR generator is able to produce DRRs with adjustable strength of radiological signs of COVID-19 infection, and generate pixel-level infection annotations that match the DRRs precisely. The domain adaptation module is introduced to reduce the domain discrepancy between DRRs and CXRs by training networks on unlabeled real CXRs and labeled DRRs together.We provide a simple but effective implementation of DRR4Covid by using a domain adaptation module based on Maximum Mean Discrepancy (MMD), and a FCN-based network with a classification header and a segmentation header. Extensive experiment results have confirmed the efficacy of our method; specifically, quantifying the performance by accuracy, AUC and F1-score, our network without using any annotations from CXRs has achieved a classification score of (0.954, 0.989, 0.953) and a segmentation score of (0.957, 0.981, 0.956) on a test set with 794 normal cases and 794 positive cases. Besides, we estimate the sensitive of X-ray images in detecting COVID-19 infection by adjusting the strength of radiological signs of COVID-19 infection in synthetic DRRs. The estimated detection limit of the proportion of infected voxels in the lungs is 19.43%, and the estimated lower bound of the contribution rate of infected voxels is 20.0% for significant radiological signs of COVID-19 infection. Our codes will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PengyiZhang/DRR4Covid" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 54.Multi-Dimension Fusion Network for Light Field Spatial Super-Resolution using Dynamic Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11449.pdf)
>  Light field cameras have been proved to be powerful tools for 3D reconstruction and virtual reality applications. However, the limited resolution of light field images brings a lot of difficulties for further information display and extraction. In this paper, we introduce a novel learning-based framework to improve the spatial resolution of light fields. First, features from different dimensions are parallelly extracted and fused together in our multi-dimension fusion architecture. These features are then used to generate dynamic filters, which extract subpixel information from micro-lens images and also implicitly consider the disparity information. Finally, more high-frequency details learned in the residual branch are added to the upsampled images and the final super-resolved light fields are obtained. Experimental results show that the proposed method uses fewer parameters but achieves better performances than other state-of-the-art methods in various kinds of datasets. Our reconstructed images also show sharp details and distinct lines in both sub-aperture images and epipolar plane images.      
### 55.Better Than Reference In Low Light Image Enhancement: Conditional Re-Enhancement Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11434.pdf)
>  Low light images suffer from severe noise, low brightness, low contrast, etc. In previous researches, many image enhancement methods have been proposed, but few methods can deal with these problems simultaneously. In this paper, to solve these problems simultaneously, we propose a low light image enhancement method that can combined with supervised learning and previous HSV (Hue, Saturation, Value) or Retinex model based image enhancement methods. First, we analyse the relationship between the HSV color space and the Retinex theory, and show that the V channel (V channel in HSV color space, equals the maximum channel in RGB color space) of the enhanced image can well represent the contrast and brightness enhancement process. Then, a data-driven conditional re-enhancement network (denoted as CRENet) is proposed. The network takes low light images as input and the enhanced V channel as condition, then it can re-enhance the contrast and brightness of the low light image and at the same time reduce noise and color distortion. It should be noted that during the training process, any paired images with different exposure time can be used for training, and there is no need to carefully select the supervised images which will save a lot. In addition, it takes less than 20 ms to process a color image with the resolution 400*600 on a 2080Ti GPU. Finally, some comparative experiments are implemented to prove the effectiveness of the method. The results show that the method proposed in this paper can significantly improve the quality of the enhanced image, and by combining with other image contrast enhancement methods, the final enhancement result can even be better than the reference image in contrast and brightness. (Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hitzhangyu/image-enhancement-with-denoise" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>)      
