# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 5 Aug 2020
### 1.Transmission Map and Atmospheric Light Guided Iterative Updater Network for Single Image Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01701.pdf)
>  Hazy images obscure content visibility and hinder several subsequent computer vision tasks. For dehazing in a wide variety of hazy conditions, an end-to-end deep network jointly estimating the dehazed image along with suitable transmission map and atmospheric light for guidance could prove effective. To this end, we propose an Iterative Prior Updated Dehazing Network (IPUDN) based on a novel iterative update framework. We present a novel convolutional architecture to estimate channel-wise atmospheric light, which along with an estimated transmission map are used as priors for the dehazing network. Use of channel-wise atmospheric light allows our network to handle color casts in hazy images. In our IPUDN, the transmission map and atmospheric light estimates are updated iteratively using corresponding novel updater networks. The iterative mechanism is leveraged to gradually modify the estimates toward those appropriately representing the hazy condition. These updates occur jointly with the iterative estimation of the dehazed image using a convolutional neural network with LSTM driven recurrence, which introduces inter-iteration dependencies. Our approach is qualitatively and quantitatively found effective for synthetic and real-world hazy images depicting varied hazy conditions, and it outperforms the state-of-the-art. Thorough analyses of IPUDN through additional experiments and detailed ablation studies are also presented.      
### 2.MOR-UAV: A Benchmark Dataset and Baselines for Moving Object Recognition in UAV Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01699.pdf)
>  Visual data collected from Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) has opened a new frontier of computer vision that requires automated analysis of aerial images/videos. However, the existing UAV datasets primarily focus on object detection. An object detector does not differentiate between the moving and non-moving objects. Given a real-time UAV video stream, how can we both localize and classify the moving objects, i.e. perform moving object recognition (MOR)? The MOR is one of the essential tasks to support various UAV vision-based applications including aerial surveillance, search and rescue, event recognition, urban and rural scene <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://understanding.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> the best of our knowledge, no labeled dataset is available for MOR evaluation in UAV videos. Therefore, in this paper, we introduce MOR-UAV, a large-scale video dataset for MOR in aerial videos. We achieve this by labeling axis-aligned bounding boxes for moving objects which requires less computational resources than producing pixel-level estimates. We annotate 89,783 moving object instances collected from 30 UAV videos, consisting of 10,948 frames in various scenarios such as weather conditions, occlusion, changing flying altitude and multiple camera views. We assigned the labels for two categories of vehicles (car and heavy vehicle). Furthermore, we propose a deep unified framework MOR-UAVNet for MOR in UAV videos. Since, this is a first attempt for MOR in UAV videos, we present 16 baseline results based on the proposed framework over the MOR-UAV dataset through quantitative and qualitative experiments. We also analyze the motion-salient regions in the network through multiple layer visualizations. The MOR-UAVNet works online at inference as it requires only few past frames. Moreover, it doesn't require predefined target initialization from user. Experiments also demonstrate that the MOR-UAV dataset is quite challenging.      
### 3.Multimodal Image-to-Image Translation via a Single Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01681.pdf)
>  Despite significant advances in image-to-image (I2I) translation with Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have been made, it remains challenging to effectively translate an image to a set of diverse images in multiple target domains using a pair of generator and discriminator. Existing multimodal I2I translation methods adopt multiple domain-specific content encoders for different domains, where each domain-specific content encoder is trained with images from the same domain only. Nevertheless, we argue that the content (domain-invariant) features should be learned from images among all the domains. Consequently, each domain-specific content encoder of existing schemes fails to extract the domain-invariant features efficiently. To address this issue, we present a flexible and general SoloGAN model for efficient multimodal I2I translation among multiple domains with unpaired data. In contrast to existing methods, the SoloGAN algorithm uses a single projection discriminator with an additional auxiliary classifier, and shares the encoder and generator for all domains. As such, the SoloGAN model can be trained effectively with images from all domains such that the domain-invariant content representation can be efficiently extracted. Qualitative and quantitative results over a wide range of datasets against several counterparts and variants of the SoloGAN model demonstrate the merits of the method, especially for the challenging I2I translation tasks, i.e., tasks that involve extreme shape variations or need to keep the complex backgrounds unchanged after translations. Furthermore, we demonstrate the contribution of each component using ablation studies.      
### 4.Applying Incremental Deep Neural Networks-based Posture Recognition Model for Injury Risk Assessment in Construction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01679.pdf)
>  Monitoring awkward postures is a proactive prevention for Musculoskeletal Disorders (MSDs)in construction. Machine Learning (ML) models have shown promising results for posture recognition from Wearable Sensors. However, further investigations are needed concerning: i) Incremental Learning (IL), where trained models adapt to learn new postures and control the forgetting of learned postures; ii) MSDs assessment with recognized postures. This study proposed an incremental Convolutional Long Short-Term Memory (CLN) model, investigated effective IL strategies, and evaluated MSDs assessment using recognized postures. Tests with nine workers showed the CLN model with shallow convolutional layers achieved high recognition performance (F1 Score) under personalized (0.87) and generalized (0.84) modeling. Generalized shallow CLN model under Many-to-One IL scheme can balance the adaptation (0.73) and forgetting of learnt subjects (0.74). MSDs assessment using postures recognized from incremental CLN model had minor difference with ground-truth, which demonstrates the high potential for automated MSDs monitoring in construction.      
### 5.Simultaneous Semantic Alignment Network for Heterogeneous Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01677.pdf)
>  Heterogeneous domain adaptation (HDA) transfers knowledge across source and target domains that present heterogeneities e.g., distinct domain distributions and difference in feature type or dimension. Most previous HDA methods tackle this problem through learning a domain-invariant feature subspace to reduce the discrepancy between domains. However, the intrinsic semantic properties contained in data are under-explored in such alignment strategy, which is also indispensable to achieve promising adaptability. In this paper, we propose a Simultaneous Semantic Alignment Network (SSAN) to simultaneously exploit correlations among categories and align the centroids for each category across domains. In particular, we propose an implicit semantic correlation loss to transfer the correlation knowledge of source categorical prediction distributions to target domain. Meanwhile, by leveraging target pseudo-labels, a robust triplet-centroid alignment mechanism is explicitly applied to align feature representations for each category. Notably, a pseudo-label refinement procedure with geometric similarity involved is introduced to enhance the target pseudo-label assignment accuracy. Comprehensive experiments on various HDA tasks across text-to-image, image-to-image and text-to-text successfully validate the superiority of our SSAN against state-of-the-art HDA methods. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BIT-DA/SSAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Deep Multi-modality Soft-decoding of Very Low Bit-rate Face Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01652.pdf)
>  We propose a novel deep multi-modality neural network for restoring very low bit rate videos of talking heads. Such video contents are very common in social media, teleconferencing, distance education, tele-medicine, etc., and often need to be transmitted with limited bandwidth. The proposed CNN method exploits the correlations among three modalities, video, audio and emotion state of the speaker, to remove the video compression artifacts caused by spatial down sampling and quantization. The deep learning approach turns out to be ideally suited for the video restoration task, as the complex non-linear cross-modality correlations are very difficult to model analytically and explicitly. The new method is a video post processor that can significantly boost the perceptual quality of aggressively compressed talking head videos, while being fully compatible with all existing video compression standards.      
### 7.PatchNets: Patch-Based Generalizable Deep Implicit 3D Shape Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01639.pdf)
>  Implicit surface representations, such as signed-distance functions, combined with deep learning have led to impressive models which can represent detailed shapes of objects with arbitrary topology. Since a continuous function is learned, the reconstructions can also be extracted at any arbitrary resolution. However, large datasets such as ShapeNet are required to train such models. In this paper, we present a new mid-level patch-based surface representation. At the level of patches, objects across different categories share similarities, which leads to more generalizable models. We then introduce a novel method to learn this patch-based representation in a canonical space, such that it is as object-agnostic as possible. We show that our representation trained on one category of objects from ShapeNet can also well represent detailed shapes from any other category. In addition, it can be trained using much fewer shapes, compared to existing approaches. We show several applications of our new representation, including shape interpolation and partial point cloud completion. Due to explicit control over positions, orientations and scales of patches, our representation is also more controllable compared to object-level representations, which enables us to deform encoded shapes non-rigidly.      
### 8.Shape Consistent 2D Keypoint Estimation under Domain Shift  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01589.pdf)
>  Recent unsupervised domain adaptation methods based on deep architectures have shown remarkable performance not only in traditional classification tasks but also in more complex problems involving structured predictions (e.g. semantic segmentation, depth estimation). Following this trend, in this paper we present a novel deep adaptation framework for estimating keypoints under domain shift}, i.e. when the training (source) and the test (target) images significantly differ in terms of visual appearance. Our method seamlessly combines three different components: feature alignment, adversarial training and self-supervision. Specifically, our deep architecture leverages from domain-specific distribution alignment layers to perform target adaptation at the feature level. Furthermore, a novel loss is proposed which combines an adversarial term for ensuring aligned predictions in the output space and a geometric consistency term which guarantees coherent predictions between a target sample and its perturbed version. Our extensive experimental evaluation conducted on three publicly available benchmarks shows that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art domain adaptation methods in the 2D keypoint prediction task.      
### 9.Evaluating the performance of the LIME and Grad-CAM explanation methods on a LEGO multi-label image classification task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01584.pdf)
>  In this paper, we run two methods of explanation, namely LIME and Grad-CAM, on a convolutional neural network trained to label images with the LEGO bricks that are visible in them. We evaluate them on two criteria, the improvement of the network's core performance and the trust they are able to generate for users of the system. We find that in general, Grad-CAM seems to outperform LIME on this specific task: it yields more detailed insight from the point of view of core performance and 80\% of respondents asked to choose between them when it comes to the trust they inspire in the model choose Grad-CAM. However, we also posit that it is more useful to employ these two methods together, as the insights they yield are complementary.      
### 10.Open-Edit: Open-Domain Image Manipulation with Open-Vocabulary Instructions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01576.pdf)
>  We propose a novel algorithm, named Open-Edit, which is the first attempt on open-domain image manipulation with open-vocabulary instructions. It is a challenging task considering the large variation of image domains and the lack of training supervision. Our approach takes advantage of the unified visual-semantic embedding space pretrained on a general image-caption dataset, and manipulates the embedded visual features by applying text-guided vector arithmetic on the image feature maps. A structure-preserving image decoder then generates the manipulated images from the manipulated feature maps. We further propose an on-the-fly sample-specific optimization approach with cycle-consistency constraints to regularize the manipulated images and force them to preserve details of the source images. Our approach shows promising results in manipulating open-vocabulary color, texture, and high-level attributes for various scenarios of open-domain images.      
### 11.Simultaneous Consensus Maximization and Model Fitting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01574.pdf)
>  Maximum consensus (MC) robust fitting is a fundamental problem in low-level vision to process raw-data. Typically, it firstly finds a consensus set of inliers and then fits a model on the consensus set. This work proposes a new formulation to achieve simultaneous maximum consensus and model estimation (MCME), which has two significant features compared with traditional MC robust fitting. First, it takes fitting residual into account in finding inliers, hence its lowest achievable residual in model fitting is lower than that of MC robust fitting. Second, it has an unconstrained formulation involving binary variables, which facilitates the use of the effective semidefinite relaxation (SDR) method to handle the underlying challenging combinatorial optimization problem. Though still nonconvex after SDR, it becomes biconvex in some applications, for which we use an alternating minimization algorithm to solve. Further, the sparsity of the problem is exploited in combination with low-rank factorization to develop an efficient algorithm. Experiments show that MCME significantly outperforms RANSAC and deterministic approximate MC methods at high outlier ratios. Besides, in rotation and Euclidean registration, it also compares favorably with state-of-the-art registration methods, especially in high noise and outliers. Code is available at \textit{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FWen/mcme.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 12.Cylinder3D: An Effective 3D Framework for Driving-scene LiDAR Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01550.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art methods for large-scale driving-scene LiDAR semantic segmentation often project and process the point clouds in the 2D space. The projection methods includes spherical projection, bird-eye view projection, etc. Although this process makes the point cloud suitable for the 2D CNN-based networks, it inevitably alters and abandons the 3D topology and geometric relations. A straightforward solution to tackle the issue of 3D-to-2D projection is to keep the 3D representation and process the points in the 3D space. In this work, we first perform an in-depth analysis for different representations and backbones in 2D and 3D spaces, and reveal the effectiveness of 3D representations and networks on LiDAR segmentation. Then, we develop a 3D cylinder partition and a 3D cylinder convolution based framework, termed as Cylinder3D, which exploits the 3D topology relations and structures of driving-scene point clouds. Moreover, a dimension-decomposition based context modeling module is introduced to explore the high-rank context information in point clouds in a progressive manner. We evaluate the proposed model on a large-scale driving-scene dataset, i.e. SematicKITTI. Our method achieves state-of-the-art performance and outperforms existing methods by 6% in terms of mIoU.      
### 13.Online Continual Learning under Extreme Memory Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01510.pdf)
>  Continual Learning (CL) aims to develop agents emulating the human ability to sequentially learn new tasks while being able to retain knowledge obtained from past experiences. In this paper, we introduce the novel problem of Memory-Constrained Online Continual Learning (MC-OCL) which imposes strict constraints on the memory overhead that a possible algorithm can use to avoid catastrophic forgetting. As most, if not all, previous CL methods violate these constraints, we propose an algorithmic solution to MC-OCL: Batch-level Distillation (BLD), a regularization-based CL approach, which effectively balances stability and plasticity in order to learn from data streams, while preserving the ability to solve old tasks through distillation. Our extensive experimental evaluation, conducted on three publicly available benchmarks, empirically demonstrates that our approach successfully addresses the MC-OCL problem and achieves comparable accuracy to prior distillation methods requiring higher memory overhead.      
### 14.Learning Stereo from Single Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01484.pdf)
>  Supervised deep networks are among the best methods for finding correspondences in stereo image pairs. Like all supervised approaches, these networks require ground truth data during training. However, collecting large quantities of accurate dense correspondence data is very challenging. We propose that it is unnecessary to have such a high reliance on ground truth depths or even corresponding stereo pairs. Inspired by recent progress in monocular depth estimation, we generate plausible disparity maps from single images. In turn, we use those flawed disparity maps in a carefully designed pipeline to generate stereo training pairs. Training in this manner makes it possible to convert any collection of single RGB images into stereo training data. This results in a significant reduction in human effort, with no need to collect real depths or to hand-design synthetic data. We can consequently train a stereo matching network from scratch on datasets like COCO, which were previously hard to exploit for stereo. Through extensive experiments we show that our approach outperforms stereo networks trained with standard synthetic datasets, when evaluated on KITTI, ETH3D, and Middlebury.      
### 15.Tracking Skin Colour and Wrinkle Changes During Cosmetic Product Trials Using Smartphone Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01483.pdf)
>  Background: To explore how the efficacy of product trials for skin cosmetics can be improved through the use of consumer-level images taken by volunteers using a conventional smartphone. <br>Materials and Methods: 12 women aged 30 to 60 years participated in a product trial and had close-up images of the cheek and temple regions of their faces taken with a high-resolution Antera 3D CS camera at the start and end of a 4-week period. Additionally, they each had ``selfies'' of the same regions of their faces taken regularly throughout the trial period. Automatic image analysis to identify changes in skin colour used three kinds of colour normalisation and analysis for wrinkle composition identified edges and calculated their magnitude. <br>Results: Images taken at the start and end of the trial acted as baseline ground truth for normalisation of smartphone images and showed large changes in both colour and wrinkle magnitude during the trial for many volunteers. Conclusions: Results demonstrate that regular use of selfie smartphone images within trial periods can add value to interpretation of the efficacy of the trial.      
### 16.Guiding CNNs towards Relevant Concepts by Multi-task and Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01478.pdf)
>  The opaqueness of deep learning limits its deployment in critical application scenarios such as cancer grading in medical images. In this paper, a framework for guiding CNN training is built on top of successful existing techniques of hard parameter sharing, with the main goal of explicitly introducing expert knowledge in the training objectives. The learning process is guided by identifying concepts that are relevant or misleading for the task. Relevant concepts are encouraged to appear in the representation through multi-task learning. Undesired and misleading concepts are discouraged by a gradient reversal operation. In this way, a shift in the deep representations can be corrected to match the clinicians' assumptions. The application on breast lymph nodes histopathology data from the Camelyon challenge shows a significant increase in the generalization performance on unseen patients (from 0.839 to 0.864 average AUC, $\text{p-value} = 0,0002$) when the internal representations are controlled by prior knowledge regarding the acquisition center and visual features of the tissue. The code will be shared for reproducibility on our GitHub repository.      
### 17.Weight-Sharing Neural Architecture Search:\\A Battle to Shrink the Optimization Gap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01475.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) has attracted increasing attentions in both academia and industry. In the early age, researchers mostly applied individual search methods which sample and evaluate the candidate architectures separately and thus incur heavy computational overheads. To alleviate the burden, weight-sharing methods were proposed in which exponentially many architectures share weights in the same super-network, and the costly training procedure is performed only once. These methods, though being much faster, often suffer the issue of instability. This paper provides a literature review on NAS, in particular the weight-sharing methods, and points out that the major challenge comes from the optimization gap between the super-network and the sub-architectures. From this perspective, we summarize existing approaches into several categories according to their efforts in bridging the gap, and analyze both advantages and disadvantages of these methodologies. Finally, we share our opinions on the future directions of NAS and AutoML. Due to the expertise of the authors, this paper mainly focuses on the application of NAS to computer vision problems and may bias towards the work in our group.      
### 18.Spherical Feature Transform for Deep Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01469.pdf)
>  Data augmentation in feature space is effective to increase data diversity. Previous methods assume that different classes have the same covariance in their feature distributions. Thus, feature transform between different classes is performed via translation. However, this approach is no longer valid for recent deep metric learning scenarios, where feature normalization is widely adopted and all features lie on a hypersphere. <br>This work proposes a novel spherical feature transform approach. It relaxes the assumption of identical covariance between classes to an assumption of similar covariances of different classes on a hypersphere. Consequently, the feature transform is performed by a rotation that respects the spherical data distributions. We provide a simple and effective training method, and in depth analysis on the relation between the two different transforms. Comprehensive experiments on various deep metric learning benchmarks and different baselines verify that our method achieves consistent performance improvement and state-of-the-art results.      
### 19.Prime-Aware Adaptive Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01458.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation(KD) aims to improve the performance of a student network by mimicing the knowledge from a powerful teacher network. Existing methods focus on studying what knowledge should be transferred and treat all samples equally during training. This paper introduces the adaptive sample weighting to KD. We discover that previous effective hard mining methods are not appropriate for distillation. Furthermore, we propose Prime-Aware Adaptive Distillation (PAD) by the incorporation of uncertainty learning. PAD perceives the prime samples in distillation and then emphasizes their effect adaptively. PAD is fundamentally different from and would refine existing methods with the innovative view of unequal training. For this reason, PAD is versatile and has been applied in various tasks including classification, metric learning, and object detection. With ten teacher-student combinations on six datasets, PAD promotes the performance of existing distillation methods and outperforms recent state-of-the-art methods.      
### 20.Prior Guided Feature Enrichment Network for Few-Shot Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01449.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art semantic segmentation methods require sufficient labeled data to achieve good results and hardly work on unseen classes without fine-tuning. Few-shot segmentation is thus proposed to tackle this problem by learning a model that quickly adapts to new classes with a few labeled support samples. Theses frameworks still face the challenge of generalization ability reduction on unseen classes due to inappropriate use of high-level semantic information of training classes and spatial inconsistency between query and support targets. To alleviate these issues, we propose the Prior Guided Feature Enrichment Network (PFENet). It consists of novel designs of (1) a training-free prior mask generation method that not only retains generalization power but also improves model performance and (2) Feature Enrichment Module (FEM) that overcomes spatial inconsistency by adaptively enriching query features with support features and prior masks. Extensive experiments on PASCAL-5$^i$ and COCO prove that the proposed prior generation method and FEM both improve the baseline method significantly. Our PFENet also outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a large margin without efficiency loss. It is surprising that our model even generalizes to cases without labeled support samples. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jia-Research-Lab/PFENet/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Controlling Information Capacity of Binary Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01438.pdf)
>  Despite the growing popularity of deep learning technologies, high memory requirements and power consumption are essentially limiting their application in mobile and IoT areas. While binary convolutional networks can alleviate these problems, the limited bitwidth of weights is often leading to significant degradation of prediction accuracy. In this paper, we present a method for training binary networks that maintains a stable predefined level of their information capacity throughout the training process by applying Shannon entropy based penalty to convolutional filters. The results of experiments conducted on SVHN, CIFAR and ImageNet datasets demonstrate that the proposed approach can statistically significantly improve the accuracy of binary networks.      
### 22.Addressing the Cold-Start Problem in Outfit Recommendation Using Visual Preference Modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01437.pdf)
>  With the global transformation of the fashion industry and a rise in the demand for fashion items worldwide, the need for an effectual fashion recommendation has never been more. Despite various cutting-edge solutions proposed in the past for personalising fashion recommendation, the technology is still limited by its poor performance on new entities, i.e. the cold-start problem. In this paper, we attempt to address the cold-start problem for new users, by leveraging a novel visual preference modelling approach on a small set of input images. We demonstrate the use of our approach with feature-weighted clustering to personalise occasion-oriented outfit recommendation. Quantitatively, our results show that the proposed visual preference modelling approach outperforms state of the art in terms of clothing attribute prediction. Qualitatively, through a pilot study, we demonstrate the efficacy of our system to provide diverse and personalised recommendations in cold-start scenarios.      
### 23.Boundary Content Graph Neural Network for Temporal Action Proposal Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01432.pdf)
>  Temporal action proposal generation plays an important role in video action understanding, which requires localizing high-quality action content precisely. However, generating temporal proposals with both precise boundaries and high-quality action content is extremely challenging. To address this issue, we propose a novel Boundary Content Graph Neural Network (BC-GNN) to model the insightful relations between the boundary and action content of temporal proposals by the graph neural networks. In BC-GNN, the boundaries and content of temporal proposals are taken as the nodes and edges of the graph neural network, respectively, where they are spontaneously linked. Then a novel graph computation operation is proposed to update features of edges and nodes. After that, one updated edge and two nodes it connects are used to predict boundary probabilities and content confidence score, which will be combined to generate a final high-quality proposal. Experiments are conducted on two mainstream datasets: ActivityNet-1.3 and THUMOS14. Without the bells and whistles, BC-GNN outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods in both temporal action proposal and temporal action detection tasks.      
### 24.A non-discriminatory approach to ethical deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01430.pdf)
>  Artificial neural networks perform state-of-the-art in an ever-growing number of tasks, nowadays they are used to solve an incredibly large variety of tasks. However, typical training strategies do not take into account lawful, ethical and discriminatory potential issues the trained ANN models could incur in. In this work we propose NDR, a non-discriminatory regularization strategy to prevent the ANN model to solve the target task using some discriminatory features like, for example, the ethnicity in an image classification task for human faces. In particular, a part of the ANN model is trained to hide the discriminatory information such that the rest of the network focuses in learning the given learning task. Our experiments show that NDR can be exploited to achieve non-discriminatory models with both minimal computational overhead and performance loss.      
### 25.Predicting the Blur Visual Discomfort for Natural Scenes by the Loss of Positional Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01429.pdf)
>  The perception of the blur due to accommodation failures, insufficient optical correction or imperfect image reproduction is a common source of visual discomfort, usually attributed to an anomalous and annoying distribution of the image spectrum in the spatial frequency domain. In the present paper, this discomfort is attributed to a loss of the localization accuracy of the observed patterns. It is assumed, as a starting perceptual principle, that the visual system is optimally adapted to pattern localization in a natural environment. Thus, since the best possible accuracy of the image patterns localization is indicated by the positional Fisher information, it is argued that the blur discomfort is highly correlated with a loss of this information. Following this concept, a receptive field functional model, tuned to common and stable features of natural scenes, is adopted to predict the visual discomfort. It is of a complex-valued operator, orientation-selective both in the space domain and in the spatial frequency domain. Starting from the case of Gaussian blur, the analysis is extended to a generic blur type by applying a positional Fisher information equivalence criterion. Out-of-focus blur and astigmatic blur are presented as significant examples. The validity of the proposed model is verified by comparing its predictions with subjective ratings of the quality loss of blurred natural images. The model fits linearly with the experiments reported in independent databases, based on different protocols and settings.      
### 26.Hyperspectral Image Classification with Spatial Consistence Using Fully Convolutional Spatial Propagation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01421.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown impressive ability to represent hyperspectral images (HSIs) and achieved encouraging results in HSI classification. However, the existing CNN-based models operate at the patch-level, in which pixel is separately classified into classes using a patch of images around it. This patch-level classification will lead to a large number of repeated calculations, and it is difficult to determine the appropriate patch size that is beneficial to classification accuracy. In addition, the conventional CNN models operate convolutions with local receptive fields, which cause failures in modeling contextual spatial information. To overcome the aforementioned limitations, we propose a novel end-to-end, pixels-to-pixels fully convolutional spatial propagation network (FCSPN) for HSI classification. Our FCSPN consists of a 3D fully convolution network (3D-FCN) and a convolutional spatial propagation network (CSPN). Specifically, the 3D-FCN is firstly introduced for reliable preliminary classification, in which a novel dual separable residual (DSR) unit is proposed to effectively capture spectral and spatial information simultaneously with fewer parameters. Moreover, the channel-wise attention mechanism is adapted in the 3D-FCN to grasp the most informative channels from redundant channel information. Finally, the CSPN is introduced to capture the spatial correlations of HSI via learning a local linear spatial propagation, which allows maintaining the HSI spatial consistency and further refining the classification results. Experimental results on three HSI benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed FCSPN achieves state-of-the-art performance on HSI classification.      
### 27.MSDPN: Monocular Depth Prediction with Partial Laser Observation using Multi-stage Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01405.pdf)
>  In this study, a deep-learning-based multi-stage network architecture called Multi-Stage Depth Prediction Network (MSDPN) is proposed to predict a dense depth map using a 2D LiDAR and a monocular camera. Our proposed network consists of a multi-stage encoder-decoder architecture and Cross Stage Feature Aggregation (CSFA). The proposed multi-stage encoder-decoder architecture alleviates the partial observation problem caused by the characteristics of a 2D LiDAR, and CSFA prevents the multi-stage network from diluting the features and allows the network to learn the inter-spatial relationship between features better. Previous works use sub-sampled data from the ground truth as an input rather than actual 2D LiDAR data. In contrast, our approach trains the model and conducts experiments with a physically-collected 2D LiDAR dataset. To this end, we acquired our own dataset called KAIST RGBD-scan dataset and validated the effectiveness and the robustness of MSDPN under realistic conditions. As verified experimentally, our network yields promising performance against state-of-the-art methods. Additionally, we analyzed the performance of different input methods and confirmed that the reference depth map is robust in untrained scenarios.      
### 28.Jointly Cross- and Self-Modal Graph Attention Network for Query-Based Moment Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01403.pdf)
>  Query-based moment localization is a new task that localizes the best matched segment in an untrimmed video according to a given sentence query. In this localization task, one should pay more attention to thoroughly mine visual and linguistic information. To this end, we propose a novel Cross- and Self-Modal Graph Attention Network (CSMGAN) that recasts this task as a process of iterative messages passing over a joint graph. Specifically, the joint graph consists of Cross-Modal interaction Graph (CMG) and Self-Modal relation Graph (SMG), where frames and words are represented as nodes, and the relations between cross- and self-modal node pairs are described by an attention mechanism. Through parametric message passing, CMG highlights relevant instances across video and sentence, and then SMG models the pairwise relation inside each modality for frame (word) correlating. With multiple layers of such a joint graph, our CSMGAN is able to effectively capture high-order interactions between two modalities, thus enabling a further precise localization. Besides, to better comprehend the contextual details in the query, we develop a hierarchical sentence encoder to enhance the query understanding. Extensive experiments on four public datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed model, and GCSMAN significantly outperforms the state-of-the-arts.      
### 29.Learning Visual Representations with Caption Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01392.pdf)
>  Pretraining general-purpose visual features has become a crucial part of tackling many computer vision tasks. While one can learn such features on the extensively-annotated ImageNet dataset, recent approaches have looked at ways to allow for noisy, fewer, or even no annotations to perform such pretraining. Starting from the observation that captioned images are easily crawlable, we argue that this overlooked source of information can be exploited to supervise the training of visual representations. To do so, motivated by the recent progresses in language models, we introduce {\em image-conditioned masked language modeling} (ICMLM) -- a proxy task to learn visual representations over image-caption pairs. ICMLM consists in predicting masked words in captions by relying on visual cues. To tackle this task, we propose hybrid models, with dedicated visual and textual encoders, and we show that the visual representations learned as a by-product of solving this task transfer well to a variety of target tasks. Our experiments confirm that image captions can be leveraged to inject global and localized semantic information into visual representations. Project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://europe.naverlabs.com/icmlm" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Unsupervised Cross-Modal Alignment for Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01388.pdf)
>  We present a deployment friendly, fast bottom-up framework for multi-person 3D human pose estimation. We adopt a novel neural representation of multi-person 3D pose which unifies the position of person instances with their corresponding 3D pose representation. This is realized by learning a generative pose embedding which not only ensures plausible 3D pose predictions, but also eliminates the usual keypoint grouping operation as employed in prior bottom-up approaches. Further, we propose a practical deployment paradigm where paired 2D or 3D pose annotations are unavailable. In the absence of any paired supervision, we leverage a frozen network, as a teacher model, which is trained on an auxiliary task of multi-person 2D pose estimation. We cast the learning as a cross-modal alignment problem and propose training objectives to realize a shared latent space between two diverse modalities. We aim to enhance the model's ability to perform beyond the limiting teacher network by enriching the latent-to-3D pose mapping using artificially synthesized multi-person 3D scene samples. Our approach not only generalizes to in-the-wild images, but also yields a superior trade-off between speed and performance, compared to prior top-down approaches. Our approach also yields state-of-the-art multi-person 3D pose estimation performance among the bottom-up approaches under consistent supervision levels.      
### 31.ExchNet: A Unified Hashing Network for Large-Scale Fine-Grained Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01369.pdf)
>  Retrieving content relevant images from a large-scale fine-grained dataset could suffer from intolerably slow query speed and highly redundant storage cost, due to high-dimensional real-valued embeddings which aim to distinguish subtle visual differences of fine-grained objects. In this paper, we study the novel fine-grained hashing topic to generate compact binary codes for fine-grained images, leveraging the search and storage efficiency of hash learning to alleviate the aforementioned problems. Specifically, we propose a unified end-to-end trainable network, termed as ExchNet. Based on attention mechanisms and proposed attention constraints, it can firstly obtain both local and global features to represent object parts and whole fine-grained objects, respectively. Furthermore, to ensure the discriminative ability and semantic meaning's consistency of these part-level features across images, we design a local feature alignment approach by performing a feature exchanging operation. Later, an alternative learning algorithm is employed to optimize the whole ExchNet and then generate the final binary hash codes. Validated by extensive experiments, our proposal consistently outperforms state-of-the-art generic hashing methods on five fine-grained datasets, which shows our effectiveness. Moreover, compared with other approximate nearest neighbor methods, ExchNet achieves the best speed-up and storage reduction, revealing its efficiency and practicality.      
### 32.1st Place Solutions of Waymo Open Dataset Challenge 2020 -- 2D Object Detection Track  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01365.pdf)
>  In this technical report, we present our solutions of Waymo Open Dataset (WOD) Challenge 2020 - 2D Object Track. We adopt FPN as our basic framework. Cascade RCNN, stacked PAFPN Neck and Double-Head are used for performance improvements. In order to handle the small object detection problem in WOD, we use very large image scales for both training and testing. Using our methods, our team RW-TSDet achieved the 1st place in the 2D Object Detection Track.      
### 33.A Novel Indoor Positioning System for unprepared firefighting scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01344.pdf)
>  Situational awareness and Indoor location tracking for firefighters is one of the tasks with paramount importance in search and rescue operations. For Indoor Positioning systems (IPS), GPS is not the best possible solution. There are few other techniques like dead reckoning, Wifi and bluetooth based triangulation, Structure from Motion (SFM) based scene reconstruction for Indoor positioning system. However due to high temperatures, the rapidly changing environment of fires, and low parallax in the thermal images, these techniques are not suitable for relaying the necessary information in a fire fighting environment needed to increase situational awareness in real time. In fire fighting environments, thermal imaging cameras are used due to smoke and low visibility hence obtaining relative orientation from the vanishing point estimation is very difficult. The following technique that is the content of this research implements a novel optical flow based video compass for orientation estimation and fused IMU data based activity recognition for IPS. This technique helps first responders to go into unprepared, unknown environments and still maintain situational awareness like the orientation and, position of the victim fire fighters.      
### 34.Appearance Consensus Driven Self-Supervised Human Mesh Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01341.pdf)
>  We present a self-supervised human mesh recovery framework to infer human pose and shape from monocular images in the absence of any paired supervision. Recent advances have shifted the interest towards directly regressing parameters of a parametric human model by supervising them on large-scale datasets with 2D landmark annotations. This limits the generalizability of such approaches to operate on images from unlabeled wild environments. Acknowledging this we propose a novel appearance consensus driven self-supervised objective. To effectively disentangle the foreground (FG) human we rely on image pairs depicting the same person (consistent FG) in varied pose and background (BG) which are obtained from unlabeled wild videos. The proposed FG appearance consistency objective makes use of a novel, differentiable Color-recovery module to obtain vertex colors without the need for any appearance network; via efficient realization of color-picking and reflectional symmetry. We achieve state-of-the-art results on the standard model-based 3D pose estimation benchmarks at comparable supervision levels. Furthermore, the resulting colored mesh prediction opens up the usage of our framework for a variety of appearance-related tasks beyond the pose and shape estimation, thus establishing our superior generalizability.      
### 35.Hierarchical Context Embedding for Region-based Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01338.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art two-stage object detectors apply a classifier to a sparse set of object proposals, relying on region-wise features extracted by RoIPool or RoIAlign as inputs. The region-wise features, in spite of aligning well with the proposal locations, may still lack the crucial context information which is necessary for filtering out noisy background detections, as well as recognizing objects possessing no distinctive appearances. To address this issue, we present a simple but effective Hierarchical Context Embedding (HCE) framework, which can be applied as a plug-and-play component, to facilitate the classification ability of a series of region-based detectors by mining contextual cues. Specifically, to advance the recognition of context-dependent object categories, we propose an image-level categorical embedding module which leverages the holistic image-level context to learn object-level concepts. Then, novel RoI features are generated by exploiting hierarchically embedded context information beneath both whole images and interested regions, which are also complementary to conventional RoI features. Moreover, to make full use of our hierarchical contextual RoI features, we propose the early-and-late fusion strategies (i.e., feature fusion and confidence fusion), which can be combined to boost the classification accuracy of region-based detectors. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that our HCE framework is flexible and generalizable, leading to significant and consistent improvements upon various region-based detectors, including FPN, Cascade R-CNN and Mask R-CNN.      
### 36.Context Encoding for Video Retrieval with Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01334.pdf)
>  Content-based video retrieval plays an important role in areas such as video recommendation, copyright protection, etc. Existing video retrieval methods mainly extract frame-level features independently, therefore lack of efficient aggregation of features between frames, and it is difficult to effectively deal with poor quality frames, such as frames with motion blur, out of focus, etc. In this paper, we propose CECL (Context Encoding for video retrieval with Contrastive Learning), a video representation learning framework that aggregates the context information of frame-level descriptors, and a supervised contrastive learning method that performs automatic hard negative mining, and utilizes the memory bank mechanism to increase the capacity of negative samples. Extensive experiments are conducted on multi video retrieval tasks, such as FIVR, CC_WEB_VIDEO and EVVE. The proposed method shows a significant performance advantage (~17% mAP on FIVR-200K) over state-of-the-art methods with video-level features, and deliver competitive results with much lower computational cost when compared with frame-level features.      
### 37.Structural Plan of Indoor Scenes with Personalized Preferences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01323.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an assistive model that supports professional interior designers to produce industrial interior decoration solutions and to meet the personalized preferences of the property owners. The proposed model is able to automatically produce the layout of objects of a particular indoor scene according to property owners' preferences. In particular, the model consists of the extraction of abstract graph, conditional graph generation, and conditional scene instantiation. We provide an interior layout dataset that contains real-world 11000 designs from professional designers. Our numerical results on the dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model compared with the state-of-art methods.      
### 38.Tracking Emerges by Looking Around Static Scenes, with Neural 3D Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01295.pdf)
>  We hypothesize that an agent that can look around in static scenes can learn rich visual representations applicable to 3D object tracking in complex dynamic scenes. We are motivated in this pursuit by the fact that the physical world itself is mostly static, and multiview correspondence labels are relatively cheap to collect in static scenes, e.g., by triangulation. We propose to leverage multiview data of \textit{static points} in arbitrary scenes (static or dynamic), to learn a neural 3D mapping module which produces features that are correspondable across time. The neural 3D mapper consumes RGB-D data as input, and produces a 3D voxel grid of deep features as output. We train the voxel features to be correspondable across viewpoints, using a contrastive loss, and correspondability across time emerges automatically. At test time, given an RGB-D video with approximate camera poses, and given the 3D box of an object to track, we track the target object by generating a map of each timestep and locating the object's features within each map. In contrast to models that represent video streams in 2D or 2.5D, our model's 3D scene representation is disentangled from projection artifacts, is stable under camera motion, and is robust to partial occlusions. We test the proposed architectures in challenging simulated and real data, and show that our unsupervised 3D object trackers outperform prior unsupervised 2D and 2.5D trackers, and approach the accuracy of supervised trackers. This work demonstrates that 3D object trackers can emerge without tracking labels, through multiview self-supervision on static data.      
### 39.Learning Discriminative Feature with CRF for Unsupervised Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01270.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel network, called discriminative feature network (DFNet), to address the unsupervised video object segmentation task. To capture the inherent correlation among video frames, we learn discriminative features (D-features) from the input images that reveal feature distribution from a global perspective. The D-features are then used to establish correspondence with all features of test image under conditional random field (CRF) formulation, which is leveraged to enforce consistency between pixels. The experiments verify that DFNet outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a large margin with a mean IoU score of 83.4% and ranks first on the DAVIS-2016 leaderboard while using much fewer parameters and achieving much more efficient performance in the inference phase. We further evaluate DFNet on the FBMS dataset and the video saliency dataset ViSal, reaching a new state-of-the-art. To further demonstrate the generalizability of our framework, DFNet is also applied to the image object co-segmentation task. We perform experiments on a challenging dataset PASCAL-VOC and observe the superiority of DFNet. The thorough experiments verify that DFNet is able to capture and mine the underlying relations of images and discover the common foreground objects.      
### 40.Robust Uncertainty-Aware Multiview Triangulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01258.pdf)
>  We propose a robust and efficient method for multiview triangulation and uncertainty estimation. Our contribution is threefold: First, we propose an outlier rejection scheme using two-view RANSAC with the midpoint method. By prescreening the two-view samples prior to triangulation, we achieve the state-of-the-art efficiency. Second, we compare different local optimization methods for refining the initial solution and the inlier set. With an iterative update of the inlier set, we show that the optimization provides significant improvement in accuracy and robustness. Third, we model the uncertainty of a triangulated point as a function of three factors: the number of cameras, the mean reprojection error and the maximum parallax angle. Learning this model allows us to quickly interpolate the uncertainty at test time. We validate our method through an extensive evaluation.      
### 41.Geometric Interpretations of the Normalized Epipolar Error  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01254.pdf)
>  In this work, we provide geometric interpretations of the normalized epipolar error. Most notably, we show that it is directly related to the following quantities: (1) the shortest distance between the two backprojected rays, (2) the dihedral angle between the two bounding epipolar planes, and (3) the $L_1$-optimal angular reprojection error.      
### 42.Central object segmentation by deep learning for fruits and other roundish objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01251.pdf)
>  We present CROP (Central Roundish Object Painter), which identifies and paints the object at the center of an RGB image. Primarily CROP works for roundish fruits in various illumination conditions, but surprisingly, it could also deal with images of other organic or inorganic materials, or ones by optical and electron microscopes, although CROP was trained solely by 172 images of fruits. The method involves image segmentation by deep learning, and the architecture of the neural network is a deeper version of the original U-Net. This technique could provide us with a means of automatically collecting statistical data of fruit growth in farms. Our trained neural network CROP is available on GitHub, with a user-friendly interface program.      
### 43.Late Temporal Modeling in 3D CNN Architectures with BERT for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01232.pdf)
>  In this work, we combine 3D convolution with late temporal modeling for action recognition. For this aim, we replace the conventional Temporal Global Average Pooling (TGAP) layer at the end of 3D convolutional architecture with the Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) layer in order to better utilize the temporal information with BERT's attention mechanism. We show that this replacement improves the performances of many popular 3D convolution architectures for action recognition, including ResNeXt, I3D, SlowFast and R(2+1)D. Moreover, we provide the-state-of-the-art results on both HMDB51 and UCF101 datasets with 83.99% and 98.65% top-1 accuracy, respectively. The code is publicly available.      
### 44.Multi-Class 3D Object Detection Within Volumetric 3D Computed Tomography Baggage Security Screening Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01218.pdf)
>  Automatic detection of prohibited objects within passenger baggage is important for aviation security. X-ray Computed Tomography (CT) based 3D imaging is widely used in airports for aviation security screening whilst prior work on automatic prohibited item detection focus primarily on 2D X-ray imagery. These works have proven the possibility of extending deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) based automatic prohibited item detection from 2D X-ray imagery to volumetric 3D CT baggage security screening imagery. However, previous work on 3D object detection in baggage security screening imagery focused on the detection of one specific type of objects (e.g., either {\it bottles} or {\it handguns}). As a result, multiple models are needed if more than one type of prohibited item is required to be detected in practice. In this paper, we consider the detection of multiple object categories of interest using one unified framework. To this end, we formulate a more challenging multi-class 3D object detection problem within 3D CT imagery and propose a viable solution (3D RetinaNet) to tackle this problem. To enhance the performance of detection we investigate a variety of strategies including data augmentation and varying backbone networks. Experimentation carried out to provide both quantitative and qualitative evaluations of the proposed approach to multi-class 3D object detection within 3D CT baggage security screening imagery. Experimental results demonstrate the combination of the 3D RetinaNet and a series of favorable strategies can achieve a mean Average Precision (mAP) of 65.3\% over five object classes (i.e. {\it bottles, handguns, binoculars, glock frames, iPods}). The overall performance is affected by the poor performance on {\it glock frames} and {\it iPods} due to the lack of data and their resemblance with the baggage clutter.      
### 45.Generalized Zero-Shot Domain Adaptation via Coupled Conditional Variational Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01214.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation approaches aim to exploit useful information from the source domain where supervised learning examples are easier to obtain to address a learning problem in the target domain where there is no or limited availability of such examples. In classification problems, domain adaptation has been studied under varying supervised, unsupervised and semi-supervised conditions. However, a common situation when the labelled samples are available for a subset of target domain classes has been overlooked. In this paper, we formulate this particular domain adaptation problem within a generalized zero-shot learning framework by treating the labelled source domain samples as semantic representations for zero-shot learning. For this particular problem, neither conventional domain adaptation approaches nor zero-shot learning algorithms directly apply. To address this generalized zero-shot domain adaptation problem, we present a novel Coupled Conditional Variational Autoencoder (CCVAE) which can generate synthetic target domain features for unseen classes from their source domain counterparts. Extensive experiments have been conducted on three domain adaptation datasets including a bespoke X-ray security checkpoint dataset to simulate a real-world application in aviation security. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach both against established benchmarks and in terms of real-world applicability.      
### 46.Mixup-CAM: Weakly-supervised Semantic Segmentation via Uncertainty Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01201.pdf)
>  Obtaining object response maps is one important step to achieve weakly-supervised semantic segmentation using image-level labels. However, existing methods rely on the classification task, which could result in a response map only attending on discriminative object regions as the network does not need to see the entire object for optimizing the classification loss. To tackle this issue, we propose a principled and end-to-end train-able framework to allow the network to pay attention to other parts of the object, while producing a more complete and uniform response map. Specifically, we introduce the mixup data augmentation scheme into the classification network and design two uncertainty regularization terms to better interact with the mixup strategy. In experiments, we conduct extensive analysis to demonstrate the proposed method and show favorable performance against state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 47.PhraseCut: Language-based Image Segmentation in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01187.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of segmenting image regions given a natural language phrase, and study it on a novel dataset of 77,262 images and 345,486 phrase-region pairs. Our dataset is collected on top of the Visual Genome dataset and uses the existing annotations to generate a challenging set of referring phrases for which the corresponding regions are manually annotated. Phrases in our dataset correspond to multiple regions and describe a large number of object and stuff categories as well as their attributes such as color, shape, parts, and relationships with other entities in the image. Our experiments show that the scale and diversity of concepts in our dataset poses significant challenges to the existing state-of-the-art. We systematically handle the long-tail nature of these concepts and present a modular approach to combine category, attribute, and relationship cues that outperforms existing approaches.      
### 48.Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation via Sub-category Exploration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01183.pdf)
>  Existing weakly-supervised semantic segmentation methods using image-level annotations typically rely on initial responses to locate object regions. However, such response maps generated by the classification network usually focus on discriminative object parts, due to the fact that the network does not need the entire object for optimizing the objective function. To enforce the network to pay attention to other parts of an object, we propose a simple yet effective approach that introduces a self-supervised task by exploiting the sub-category information. Specifically, we perform clustering on image features to generate pseudo sub-categories labels within each annotated parent class, and construct a sub-category objective to assign the network to a more challenging task. By iteratively clustering image features, the training process does not limit itself to the most discriminative object parts, hence improving the quality of the response maps. We conduct extensive analysis to validate the proposed method and show that our approach performs favorably against the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 49.Describing Textures using Natural Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01180.pdf)
>  Textures in natural images can be characterized by color, shape, periodicity of elements within them, and other attributes that can be described using natural language. In this paper, we study the problem of describing visual attributes of texture on a novel dataset containing rich descriptions of textures, and conduct a systematic study of current generative and discriminative models for grounding language to images on this dataset. We find that while these models capture some properties of texture, they fail to capture several compositional properties, such as the colors of dots. We provide critical analysis of existing models by generating synthetic but realistic textures with different descriptions. Our dataset also allows us to train interpretable models and generate language-based explanations of what discriminative features are learned by deep networks for fine-grained categorization where texture plays a key role. We present visualizations of several fine-grained domains and show that texture attributes learned on our dataset offer improvements over expert-designed attributes on the Caltech-UCSD Birds dataset.      
### 50.End-to-end Birds-eye-view Flow Estimation for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01179.pdf)
>  In autonomous driving, accurately estimating the state of surrounding obstacles is critical for safe and robust path planning. However, this perception task is difficult, particularly for generic obstacles/objects, due to appearance and occlusion changes. To tackle this problem, we propose an end-to-end deep learning framework for LIDAR-based flow estimation in bird's eye view (BeV). Our method takes consecutive point cloud pairs as input and produces a 2-D BeV flow grid describing the dynamic state of each cell. The experimental results show that the proposed method not only estimates 2-D BeV flow accurately but also improves tracking performance of both dynamic and static objects.      
### 51.Multiple instance learning on deep features for weakly supervised object detection with extreme domain shifts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01178.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised object detection (WSOD) using only image-level annotations has attracted a growing attention over the past few years. Whereas such task is typically addressed with a domain-specific solution focused on natural images, we show that a simple multiple instance approach applied on pre-trained deep features yields excellent performances on non-photographic datasets, possibly including new classes. The approach does not include any fine-tuning or cross-domain learning and is therefore efficient and possibly applicable to arbitrary datasets and classes. We investigate several flavors of the proposed approach, some including multi-layers perceptron and polyhedral classifiers. Despite its simplicity, our method shows competitive results on a range of publicly available datasets, including paintings (People-Art, IconArt), watercolors, cliparts and comics and allows to quickly learn unseen visual categories.      
### 52.Reducing Label Noise in Anchor-Free Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01167.pdf)
>  Current anchor-free object detectors label all the features that spatially fall inside a predefined central region of a ground-truth box as positive. This approach causes label noise during training, since some of these positively labeled features may be on the background or an occluder object, or they are simply not discriminative features. In this paper, we propose a new labeling strategy aimed to reduce the label noise in anchor-free detectors. We sum-pool predictions stemming from individual features into a single prediction. This allows the model to reduce the contributions of non-discriminatory features during training. We develop a new one-stage, anchor-free object detector, PPDet, to employ this labeling strategy during training and a similar prediction pooling method during inference. On the COCO dataset, PPDet achieves the best performance among anchor-free top-down detectors and performs on-par with the other state-of-the-art methods. It also outperforms all state-of-the-art methods in the detection of small objects ($AP_S$ 31.4). Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nerminsamet/ppdet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 53.Recognition and 3D Localization of Pedestrian Actions from Monocular Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01162.pdf)
>  Understanding and predicting pedestrian behavior is an important and challenging area of research for realizing safe and effective navigation strategies in automated and advanced driver assistance technologies in urban scenes. This paper focuses on monocular pedestrian action recognition and 3D localization from an egocentric view for the purpose of predicting intention and forecasting future trajectory. A challenge in addressing this problem in urban traffic scenes is attributed to the unpredictable behavior of pedestrians, whereby actions and intentions are constantly in flux and depend on the pedestrians pose, their 3D spatial relations, and their interaction with other agents as well as with the environment. To partially address these challenges, we consider the importance of pose toward recognition and 3D localization of pedestrian actions. In particular, we propose an action recognition framework using a two-stream temporal relation network with inputs corresponding to the raw RGB image sequence of the tracked pedestrian as well as the pedestrian pose. The proposed method outperforms methods using a single-stream temporal relation network based on evaluations using the JAAD public dataset. The estimated pose and associated body key-points are also used as input to a network that estimates the 3D location of the pedestrian using a unique loss function. The evaluation of our 3D localization method on the KITTI dataset indicates the improvement of the average localization error as compared to existing state-of-the-art methods. Finally, we conduct qualitative tests of action recognition and 3D localization on HRI's H3D driving dataset.      
### 54.Weakly Supervised Multi-Organ Multi-Disease Classification of Body CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01158.pdf)
>  We designed a multi-organ, multi-label disease classification algorithm for computed tomography (CT) scans using case-level labels from radiology text reports. A rule-based algorithm extracted 19,255 disease labels from reports of 13,667 body CT scans from 12,092 subjects. A 3D DenseVNet was trained to segment 3 organ systems: lungs/pleura, liver/gallbladder, and kidneys. From patches guided by segmentations, a 3D convolutional neural network provided multi-label disease classification for normality versus four common diseases per organ. The process was tested on 2,158 CT volumes with 2,875 manually obtained labels. Manual validation of the rulebased labels confirmed 91 to 99% accuracy. Results were characterized using the receiver operating characteristic area under the curve (AUC). Classification AUCs for lungs/pleura labels were as follows: atelectasis 0.77 (95% confidence intervals 0.74 to 0.81), nodule 0.65 (0.61 to 0.69), emphysema 0.89 (0.86 to 0.92), effusion 0.97 (0.96 to 0.98), and normal 0.89 (0.87 to 0.91). For liver/gallbladder, AUCs were: stone 0.62 (0.56 to 0.67), lesion 0.73 (0.69 to 0.77), dilation 0.87 (0.84 to 0.90), fatty 0.89 (0.86 to 0.92), and normal 0.82 (0.78 to 0.85). For kidneys, AUCs were: stone 0.83 (0.79 to 0.87), atrophy 0.92 (0.89 to 0.94), lesion 0.68 (0.64 to 0.72), cyst 0.70 (0.66 to 0.73), and normal 0.79 (0.75 to 0.83). In conclusion, by using automated extraction of disease labels from radiology reports, we created a weakly supervised, multi-organ, multi-disease classifier that can be easily adapted to efficiently leverage massive amounts of unannotated data associated with medical images.      
### 55.AiRound and CV-BrCT: Novel Multi-View Datasets for Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01133.pdf)
>  It is undeniable that aerial/satellite images can provide useful information for a large variety of tasks. But, since these images are always looking from above, some applications can benefit from complementary information provided by other perspective views of the scene, such as ground-level images. Despite a large number of public repositories for both georeferenced photographs and aerial images, there is a lack of benchmark datasets that allow the development of approaches that exploit the benefits and complementarity of aerial/ground imagery. In this paper, we present two new publicly available datasets named \thedataset~and CV-BrCT. The first one contains triplets of images from the same geographic coordinate with different perspectives of view extracted from various places around the world. Each triplet is composed of an aerial RGB image, a ground-level perspective image, and a Sentinel-2 sample. The second dataset contains pairs of aerial and street-level images extracted from southeast Brazil. We design an extensive set of experiments concerning multi-view scene classification, using early and late fusion. Such experiments were conducted to show that image classification can be enhanced using multi-view data.      
### 56.A Visual Analytics Framework for Reviewing Multivariate Time-Series Data with Dimensionality Reduction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01645.pdf)
>  Data-driven problem solving in many real-world applications involves analysis of time-dependent multivariate data, for which dimensionality reduction (DR) methods are often used to uncover the intrinsic structure and features of the data. However, DR is usually applied to a subset of data that is either single-time-point multivariate or univariate time-series, resulting in the need to manually examine and correlate the DR results out of different data subsets. When the number of dimensions is large either in terms of the number of time points or attributes, this manual task becomes too tedious and infeasible. In this paper, we present MulTiDR, a new DR framework that enables processing of time-dependent multivariate data as a whole to provide a comprehensive overview of the data. With the framework, we employ DR in two steps. When treating the instances, time points, and attributes of the data as a 3D array, the first DR step reduces the three axes of the array to two, and the second DR step visualizes the data in a lower-dimensional space. In addition, by coupling with a contrastive learning method and interactive visualizations, our framework enhances analysts' ability to interpret DR results. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework with four case studies using real-world datasets.      
### 57.Land Use and Land Cover Classification using a Human Group based Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm with a LSTM classifier on hybrid-pre-processing Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01635.pdf)
>  Land use and land cover (LULC) classification using remote sensing imagery plays a vital role in many environment modeling and land use inventories. In this study, a hybrid feature optimization algorithm along with a deep learning classifier is proposed to improve performance of LULC classification, helping to predict wildlife habitat, deteriorating environmental quality, haphazard, etc. LULC classification is assessed using Sat 4, Sat 6 and Eurosat datasets. After the selection of remote sensing images, normalization and histogram equalization methods are used to improve the quality of the images. Then, a hybrid optimization is accomplished by using the Local Gabor Binary Pattern Histogram Sequence (LGBPHS), the Histogram of Oriented Gradient (HOG) and Haralick texture features, for the feature extraction from the selected images. The benefits of this hybrid optimization are a high discriminative power and invariance to color and grayscale images. Next, a Human Group based Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm is applied to select the optimal features, whose benefits are fast convergence rate and easy to implement. After selecting the optimal feature values, a Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) network is utilized to classify the LULC classes. Experimental results showed that the Human Group based PSO algorithm with a LSTM classifier effectively well differentiates the land use and land cover classes in terms of classification accuracy, recall and precision. A minimum of 0.01% and a maximum of 2.56% improvement in accuracy is achieved compared to the existing models GoogleNet, VGG, AlexNet, ConvNet, when the proposed method is applied.      
### 58.Multi-Slice Fusion for Sparse-View and Limited-Angle 4D CT Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01567.pdf)
>  Inverse problems spanning four or more dimensions such as space, time and other independent parameters have become increasingly important. State-of-the-art 4D reconstruction methods use model based iterative reconstruction (MBIR), but depend critically on the quality of the prior modeling. Recently, plug-and-play (PnP) methods have been shown to be an effective way to incorporate advanced prior models using state-of-the-art denoising algorithms. However, state-of-the-art denoisers such as BM4D and deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are primarily available for 2D or 3D images and extending them to higher dimensions is difficult due to algorithmic complexity and the increased difficulty of effective training. <br>In this paper, we present multi-slice fusion, a novel algorithm for 4D reconstruction, based on the fusion of multiple low-dimensional denoisers. Our approach uses multi-agent consensus equilibrium (MACE), an extension of plug-and-play, as a framework for integrating the multiple lower-dimensional models. We apply our method to 4D cone-beam X-ray CT reconstruction for non destructive evaluation (NDE) of samples that are dynamically moving during acquisition. We implement multi-slice fusion on distributed, heterogeneous clusters in order to reconstruct large 4D volumes in reasonable time and demonstrate the inherent parallelizable nature of the algorithm. We present simulated and real experimental results on sparse-view and limited-angle CT data to demonstrate that multi-slice fusion can substantially improve the quality of reconstructions relative to traditional methods, while also being practical to implement and train.      
### 59.Multiple Code Hashing for Efficient Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01503.pdf)
>  Due to its low storage cost and fast query speed, hashing has been widely used in large-scale image retrieval tasks. Hash bucket search returns data points within a given Hamming radius to each query, which can enable search at a constant or sub-linear time cost. However, existing hashing methods cannot achieve satisfactory retrieval performance for hash bucket search in complex scenarios, since they learn only one hash code for each image. More specifically, by using one hash code to represent one image, existing methods might fail to put similar image pairs to the buckets with a small Hamming distance to the query when the semantic information of images is complex. As a result, a large number of hash buckets need to be visited for retrieving similar images, based on the learned codes. This will deteriorate the efficiency of hash bucket search. In this paper, we propose a novel hashing framework, called multiple code hashing (MCH), to improve the performance of hash bucket search. The main idea of MCH is to learn multiple hash codes for each image, with each code representing a different region of the image. Furthermore, we propose a deep reinforcement learning algorithm to learn the parameters in MCH. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that proposes to learn multiple hash codes for each image in image retrieval. Experiments demonstrate that MCH can achieve a significant improvement in hash bucket search, compared with existing methods that learn only one hash code for each image.      
### 60.Memory Efficient Class-Incremental Learning for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01411.pdf)
>  With the memory-resource-limited constraints, class-incremental learning (CIL) usually suffers from the "catastrophic forgetting" problem when updating the joint classification model on the arrival of newly added classes. To cope with the forgetting problem, many CIL methods transfer the knowledge of old classes by preserving some exemplar samples into the size-constrained memory buffer. To utilize the memory buffer more efficiently, we propose to keep more auxiliary low-fidelity exemplar samples rather than the original real high-fidelity exemplar samples. Such memory-efficient exemplar preserving scheme make the old-class knowledge transfer more effective. However, the low-fidelity exemplar samples are often distributed in a different domain away from that of the original exemplar samples, that is, a domain shift. To alleviate this problem, we propose a duplet learning scheme that seeks to construct domain-compatible feature extractors and classifiers, which greatly narrows down the above domain gap. As a result, these low-fidelity auxiliary exemplar samples have the ability to moderately replace the original exemplar samples with a lower memory cost. In addition, we present a robust classifier adaptation scheme, which further refines the biased classifier (learned with the samples containing distillation label knowledge about old classes) with the help of the samples of pure true class labels. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of this work against the state-of-the-art approaches. We will release the code, baselines, and training statistics for all models to facilitate future research.      
### 61.Deep Parallel MRI Reconstruction Network Without Coil Sensitivities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01410.pdf)
>  We propose a novel deep neural network architecture by mapping the robust proximal gradient scheme for fast image reconstruction in parallel MRI (pMRI) with regularization function trained from data. The proposed network learns to adaptively combine the multi-coil images from incomplete pMRI data into a single image with uniform contrast, which is then passed to a nonlinear encoder to efficiently extract sparse features of the image. Unlike most of existing deep image reconstruction networks, our network does not require knowledge of sensitivity maps, which are notoriously difficult to estimate and have been a major bottleneck of image reconstruction in real-world pMRI applications. The experimental results demonstrate the promising performance of our method on a variety of pMRI imaging data sets.      
### 62.Class-Incremental Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01389.pdf)
>  We introduce a practical Domain Adaptation (DA) paradigm called Class-Incremental Domain Adaptation (CIDA). Existing DA methods tackle domain-shift but are unsuitable for learning novel target-domain classes. Meanwhile, class-incremental (CI) methods enable learning of new classes in absence of source training data but fail under a domain-shift without labeled supervision. In this work, we effectively identify the limitations of these approaches in the CIDA paradigm. Motivated by theoretical and empirical observations, we propose an effective method, inspired by prototypical networks, that enables classification of target samples into both shared and novel (one-shot) target classes, even under a domain-shift. Our approach yields superior performance as compared to both DA and CI methods in the CIDA paradigm.      
### 63.Neuromorphic Computing for Content-based Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01380.pdf)
>  Neuromorphic computing mimics the neural activity of the brain through emulating spiking neural networks. In numerous machine learning tasks, neuromorphic chips are expected to provide superior solutions in terms of cost and power efficiency. Here, we explore the application of Loihi, a neuromorphic computing chip developed by Intel, for the computer vision task of image retrieval. We evaluated the functionalities and the performance metrics that are critical in context-based visual search and recommender systems using deep-learning embeddings. Our results show that the neuromorphic solution is about 3.2 times more energy-efficient compared with an Intel Core i7 CPU and 12.5 times more energy-efficient compared with Nvidia T4 GPU for inference by a lightweight convolutional neural network without batching, while maintaining the same level of matching accuracy. The study validates the longterm potential of neuromorphic computing in machine learning, as a complementary paradigm to the existing Von Neumann architectures.      
### 64.Two-Stage Deep Learning for Accelerated 3D Time-of-Flight MRA without Matched Training Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01362.pdf)
>  Time-of-flight magnetic resonance angiography (TOF-MRA) is one of the most widely used non-contrast MR imaging methods to visualize blood vessels, but due to the 3-D volume acquisition highly accelerated acquisition is necessary. Accordingly, high quality reconstruction from undersampled TOF-MRA is an important research topic for deep learning. However, most existing deep learning works require matched reference data for supervised training, which are often difficult to obtain. By extending the recent theoretical understanding of cycleGAN from the optimal transport theory, here we propose a novel two-stage unsupervised deep learning approach, which is composed of the multi-coil reconstruction network along the coronal plane followed by a multi-planar refinement network along the axial plane. Specifically, the first network is trained in the square-root of sum of squares (SSoS) domain to achieve high quality parallel image reconstruction, whereas the second refinement network is designed to efficiently learn the characteristics of highly-activated blood flow using double-headed max-pool discriminator. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed learning process without matched reference exceeds performance of state-of-the-art compressed sensing (CS)-based method and provides comparable or even better results than supervised learning approaches.      
### 65.LoCo: Local Contrastive Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01342.pdf)
>  Deep neural nets typically perform end-to-end backpropagation to learn the weights, a procedure that creates synchronization constraints in the weight update step across layers and is not biologically plausible. Recent advances in unsupervised contrastive representation learning point to the question of whether a learning algorithm can also be made local, that is, the updates of lower layers do not directly depend on the computation of upper layers. While Greedy InfoMax separately learns each block with a local objective, we found that it consistently hurts readout accuracy in state-of-the-art unsupervised contrastive learning algorithms, possibly due to the greedy objective as well as gradient isolation. In this work, we discover that by overlapping local blocks stacking on top of each other, we effectively increase the decoder depth and allow upper blocks to implicitly send feedbacks to lower blocks. This simple design closes the performance gap between local learning and end-to-end contrastive learning algorithms for the first time. Aside from standard ImageNet experiments, we also show results on complex downstream tasks such as object detection and instance segmentation directly using readout features.      
### 66.Faster Stochastic Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers for Nonconvex Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01296.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a faster stochastic alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) for nonconvex optimization by using a new stochastic path-integrated differential estimator (SPIDER), called as SPIDER-ADMM. Moreover, we prove that the SPIDER-ADMM achieves a record-breaking incremental first-order oracle (IFO) complexity of $\mathcal{O}(n+n^{1/2}\epsilon^{-1})$ for finding an $\epsilon$-approximate stationary point, which improves the deterministic ADMM by a factor $\mathcal{O}(n^{1/2})$, where $n$ denotes the sample size. As one of major contribution of this paper, we provide a new theoretical analysis framework for nonconvex stochastic ADMM methods with providing the optimal IFO complexity. Based on this new analysis framework, we study the unsolved optimal IFO complexity of the existing non-convex SVRG-ADMM and SAGA-ADMM methods, and prove they have the optimal IFO complexity of $\mathcal{O}(n+n^{2/3}\epsilon^{-1})$. Thus, the SPIDER-ADMM improves the existing stochastic ADMM methods by a factor of $\mathcal{O}(n^{1/6})$. Moreover, we extend SPIDER-ADMM to the online setting, and propose a faster online SPIDER-ADMM. Our theoretical analysis shows that the online SPIDER-ADMM has the IFO complexity of $\mathcal{O}(\epsilon^{-\frac{3}{2}})$, which improves the existing best results by a factor of $\mathcal{O}(\epsilon^{-\frac{1}{2}})$. Finally, the experimental results on benchmark datasets validate that the proposed algorithms have faster convergence rate than the existing ADMM algorithms for nonconvex optimization.      
### 67.Design and Deployment of Photo2Building: A Cloud-based Procedural Modeling Tool as a Service  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01286.pdf)
>  We present a Photo2Building tool to create a plausible 3D model of a building from only a single photograph. Our tool is based on a prior desktop version which, as described in this paper, is converted into a client-server model, with job queuing, web-page support, and support of concurrent usage. The reported cloud-based web-accessible tool can reconstruct a building in 40 seconds on average and costing only 0.60 USD with current pricing. This provides for an extremely scalable and possibly widespread tool for creating building models for use in urban design and planning applications. With the growing impact of rapid urbanization on weather and climate and resource availability, access to such a service is expected to help a wide variety of users such as city planners, urban meteorologists worldwide in the quest to improved prediction of urban weather and designing climate-resilient cities of the future.      
### 68.Generalisable Cardiac Structure Segmentation via Attentional and Stacked Image Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01216.pdf)
>  Tackling domain shifts in multi-centre and multi-vendor data sets remains challenging for cardiac image segmentation. In this paper, we propose a generalisable segmentation framework for cardiac image segmentation in which multi-centre, multi-vendor, multi-disease datasets are involved. A generative adversarial networks with an attention loss was proposed to translate the images from existing source domains to a target domain, thus to generate good-quality synthetic cardiac structure and enlarge the training set. A stack of data augmentation techniques was further used to simulate real-world transformation to boost the segmentation performance for unseen domains.We achieved an average Dice score of 90.3% for the left ventricle, 85.9% for the myocardium, and 86.5% for the right ventricle on the hidden validation set across four vendors. We show that the domain shifts in heterogeneous cardiac imaging datasets can be drastically reduced by two aspects: 1) good-quality synthetic data by learning the underlying target domain distribution, and 2) stacked classical image processing techniques for data augmentation.      
### 69.Including Images into Message Veracity Assessment in Social Media  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01196.pdf)
>  The extensive use of social media in the diffusion of information has also laid a fertile ground for the spread of rumors, which could significantly affect the credibility of social media. An ever-increasing number of users post news including, in addition to text, multimedia data such as images and videos. Yet, such multimedia content is easily editable due to the broad availability of simple and effective image and video processing tools. The problem of assessing the veracity of social network posts has attracted a lot of attention from researchers in recent years. However, almost all previous works have focused on analyzing textual contents to determine veracity, while visual contents, and more particularly images, remains ignored or little exploited in the literature. In this position paper, we propose a framework that explores two novel ways to assess the veracity of messages published on social networks by analyzing the credibility of both their textual and visual contents.      
### 70.Deep Learning Techniques for Future Intelligent Cross-Media Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01191.pdf)
>  With the advancement in technology and the expansion of broadcasting, cross-media retrieval has gained much attention. It plays a significant role in big data applications and consists in searching and finding data from different types of media. In this paper, we provide a novel taxonomy according to the challenges faced by multi-modal deep learning approaches in solving cross-media retrieval, namely: representation, alignment, and translation. These challenges are evaluated on deep learning (DL) based methods, which are categorized into four main groups: 1) unsupervised methods, 2) supervised methods, 3) pairwise based methods, and 4) rank based methods. Then, we present some well-known cross-media datasets used for retrieval, considering the importance of these datasets in the context in of deep learning based cross-media retrieval approaches. Moreover, we also present an extensive review of the state-of-the-art problems and its corresponding solutions for encouraging deep learning in cross-media retrieval. The fundamental objective of this work is to exploit Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) for bridging the "media gap", and provide researchers and developers with a better understanding of the underlying problems and the potential solutions of deep learning assisted cross-media retrieval. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first comprehensive survey to address cross-media retrieval under deep learning methods.      
### 71.Action sequencing using visual permutations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01156.pdf)
>  Humans can easily reason about the sequence of high level actions needed to complete tasks, but it is particularly difficult to instil this ability in robots trained from relatively few examples. This work considers the task of neural action sequencing conditioned on a single reference visual state. This task is extremely challenging as it is not only subject to the significant combinatorial complexity that arises from large action sets, but also requires a model that can perform some form of symbol grounding, mapping high dimensional input data to actions, while reasoning about action relationships. Drawing on human cognitive abilities to rearrange objects in scenes to create new configurations, we take a permutation perspective and argue that action sequencing benefits from the ability to reason about both permutations and ordering concepts. Empirical analysis shows that neural models trained with latent permutations outperform standard neural architectures in constrained action sequencing tasks. Results also show that action sequencing using visual permutations is an effective mechanism to initialise and speed up traditional planning techniques and successfully scales to far greater action set sizes than models considered previously.      
### 72.HAMLET: A Hierarchical Multimodal Attention-based Human Activity Recognition Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01148.pdf)
>  To fluently collaborate with people, robots need the ability to recognize human activities accurately. Although modern robots are equipped with various sensors, robust human activity recognition (HAR) still remains a challenging task for robots due to difficulties related to multimodal data fusion. To address these challenges, in this work, we introduce a deep neural network-based multimodal HAR algorithm, HAMLET. HAMLET incorporates a hierarchical architecture, where the lower layer encodes spatio-temporal features from unimodal data by adopting a multi-head self-attention mechanism. We develop a novel multimodal attention mechanism for disentangling and fusing the salient unimodal features to compute the multimodal features in the upper layer. Finally, multimodal features are used in a fully connect neural-network to recognize human activities. We evaluated our algorithm by comparing its performance to several state-of-the-art activity recognition algorithms on three human activity datasets. The results suggest that HAMLET outperformed all other evaluated baselines across all datasets and metrics tested, with the highest top-1 accuracy of 95.12% and 97.45% on the UTD-MHAD [1] and the UT-Kinect [2] datasets respectively, and F1-score of 81.52% on the UCSD-MIT [3] dataset. We further visualize the unimodal and multimodal attention maps, which provide us with a tool to interpret the impact of attention mechanisms concerning HAR.      
### 73.3D B-mode ultrasound speckle reduction using deep learning for 3D registration applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01147.pdf)
>  Ultrasound (US) speckles are granular patterns which can impede image post-processing tasks, such as image segmentation and registration. Conventional filtering approaches are commonly used to remove US speckles, while their main drawback is long run-time in a 3D scenario. Although a few studies were conducted to remove 2D US speckles using deep learning, to our knowledge, there is no study to perform speckle reduction of 3D B-mode US using deep learning. In this study, we propose a 3D dense U-Net model to process 3D US B-mode data from a clinical US system. The model's results were applied to 3D registration. We show that our deep learning framework can obtain similar suppression and mean preservation index (1.066) on speckle reduction when compared to conventional filtering approaches (0.978), while reducing the runtime by two orders of magnitude. Moreover, it is found that the speckle reduction using our deep learning model contributes to improving the 3D registration performance. The mean square error of 3D registration on 3D data using 3D U-Net speckle reduction is reduced by half compared to that with speckles.      
### 74.Sub-Pixel Back-Projection Network For Lightweight Single Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01116.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN)-based methods have achieved great success for single-image superresolution (SISR). However, most models attempt to improve reconstruction accuracy while increasing the requirement of number of model parameters. To tackle this problem, in this paper, we study reducing the number of parameters and computational cost of CNN-based SISR methods while maintaining the accuracy of super-resolution reconstruction performance. To this end, we introduce a novel network architecture for SISR, which strikes a good trade-off between reconstruction quality and low computational complexity. Specifically, we propose an iterative back-projection architecture using sub-pixel convolution instead of deconvolution layers. We evaluate the performance of computational and reconstruction accuracy for our proposed model with extensive quantitative and qualitative evaluations. Experimental results reveal that our proposed method uses fewer parameters and reduces the computational cost while maintaining reconstruction accuracy against state-of-the-art SISR methods over well-known four SR benchmark datasets. Code is available at "<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/supratikbanerjee/SubPixel-BackProjection_SuperResolution" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>".      
