# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 28 Aug 2020
### 1.One Shot 3D Photography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12298.pdf)
>  3D photography is a new medium that allows viewers to more fully experience a captured moment. In this work, we refer to a 3D photo as one that displays parallax induced by moving the viewpoint (as opposed to a stereo pair with a fixed viewpoint). 3D photos are static in time, like traditional photos, but are displayed with interactive parallax on mobile or desktop screens, as well as on Virtual Reality devices, where viewing it also includes stereo. We present an end-to-end system for creating and viewing 3D photos, and the algorithmic and design choices therein. Our 3D photos are captured in a single shot and processed directly on a mobile device. The method starts by estimating depth from the 2D input image using a new monocular depth estimation network that is optimized for mobile devices. It performs competitively to the state-of-the-art, but has lower latency and peak memory consumption and uses an order of magnitude fewer parameters. The resulting depth is lifted to a layered depth image, and new geometry is synthesized in parallax regions. We synthesize color texture and structures in the parallax regions as well, using an inpainting network, also optimized for mobile devices, on the LDI directly. Finally, we convert the result into a mesh-based representation that can be efficiently transmitted and rendered even on low-end devices and over poor network connections. Altogether, the processing takes just a few seconds on a mobile device, and the result can be instantly viewed and shared. We perform extensive quantitative evaluation to validate our system and compare its new components against the current state-of-the-art.      
### 2.Reducing Drift in Structure from Motion using Extended Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12295.pdf)
>  Low-frequency long-range errors (drift) are an endemic problem in 3D structure from motion, and can often hamper reasonable reconstructions of the scene. In this paper, we present a method to dramatically reduce scale and positional drift by using extended structural features such as planes and vanishing points. Unlike traditional feature matches, our extended features are able to span non-overlapping input images, and hence provide long-range constraints on the scale and shape of the reconstruction. We add these features as additional constraints to a state-of-the-art global structure from motion algorithm and demonstrate that the added constraints enable the reconstruction of particularly drift-prone sequences such as long, low field-of-view videos without inertial measurements. Additionally, we provide an analysis of the drift-reducing capabilities of these constraints by evaluating on a synthetic dataset. Our structural features are able to significantly reduce drift for scenes that contain long-spanning man-made structures, such as aligned rows of windows or planar building facades.      
### 3.CenterHMR: a Bottom-up Single-shot Method for Multi-person 3D Mesh Recovery from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12272.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method to recover multi-person 3D mesh from a single image. Existing methods follow a multi-stage detection-based pipeline, where the 3D mesh of each person is regressed from the cropped image patch. They have to suffer from the high complexity of the multi-stage process and the ambiguity of the image-level features. For example, it is hard for them to estimate multi-person 3D mesh from the inseparable crowded cases. Instead, in this paper, we present a novel bottom-up single-shot method, Center-based Human Mesh Recovery network (CenterHMR). The model is trained to simultaneously predict two maps, which represent the location of each human body center and the corresponding parameter vector of 3D human mesh at each center. This explicit center-based representation guarantees the pixel-level feature encoding. Besides, the 3D mesh result of each person is estimated from the features centered at the visible body parts, which improves the robustness under occlusion. CenterHMR surpasses previous methods on multi-person in-the-wild benchmark 3DPW and occlusion dataset 3DOH50K. Besides, CenterHMR has achieved a 2-nd place on ECCV 2020 3DPW Challenge. The code is released on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Arthur151/CenterHMR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.DeepFake Detection Based on the Discrepancy Between the Face and its Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12262.pdf)
>  We propose a method for detecting face swapping and other identity manipulations in single images. Face swapping methods, such as DeepFake, manipulate the face region, aiming to adjust the face to the appearance of its context, while leaving the context unchanged. We show that this modus operandi produces discrepancies between the two regions. These discrepancies offer exploitable telltale signs of manipulation. Our approach involves two networks: (i) a face identification network that considers the face region bounded by a tight semantic segmentation, and (ii) a context recognition network that considers the face context (e.g., hair, ears, neck). We describe a method which uses the recognition signals from our two networks to detect such discrepancies, providing a complementary detection signal that improves conventional real vs. fake classifiers commonly used for detecting fake images. Our method achieves state of the art results on the FaceForensics++, Celeb-DF-v2, and DFDC benchmarks for face manipulation detection, and even generalizes to detect fakes produced by unseen methods.      
### 5.Random Style Transfer based Domain Generalization Networks Integrating Shape and Spatial Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12205.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL)-based models have demonstrated good performance in medical image segmentation. However, the models trained on a known dataset often fail when performed on an unseen dataset collected from different centers, vendors and disease populations. In this work, we present a random style transfer network to tackle the domain generalization problem for multi-vendor and center cardiac image segmentation. Style transfer is used to generate training data with a wider distribution/ heterogeneity, namely domain augmentation. As the target domain could be unknown, we randomly generate a modality vector for the target modality in the style transfer stage, to simulate the domain shift for unknown domains. The model can be trained in a semi-supervised manner by simultaneously optimizing a supervised segmentation and an unsupervised style translation objective. Besides, the framework incorporates the spatial information and shape prior of the target by introducing two regularization terms. We evaluated the proposed framework on 40 subjects from the M\&amp;Ms challenge2020, and obtained promising performance in the segmentation for data from unknown vendors and centers.      
### 6.Instance Adaptive Self-Training for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12197.pdf)
>  The divergence between labeled training data and unlabeled testing data is a significant challenge for recent deep learning models. Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) attempts to solve such a problem. Recent works show that self-training is a powerful approach to UDA. However, existing methods have difficulty in balancing scalability and performance. In this paper, we propose an instance adaptive self-training framework for UDA on the task of semantic segmentation. To effectively improve the quality of pseudo-labels, we develop a novel pseudo-label generation strategy with an instance adaptive selector. Besides, we propose the region-guided regularization to smooth the pseudo-label region and sharpen the non-pseudo-label region. Our method is so concise and efficient that it is easy to be generalized to other unsupervised domain adaptation methods. Experiments on 'GTA5 to Cityscapes' and 'SYNTHIA to Cityscapes' demonstrate the superior performance of our approach compared with the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 7.Learning Condition Invariant Features for Retrieval-Based Localization from 1M Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12165.pdf)
>  Image features for retrieval-based localization must be invariant to dynamic objects (e.g. cars) as well as seasonal and daytime changes. Such invariances are, up to some extent, learnable with existing methods using triplet-like losses, given a large number of diverse training images. However, due to the high algorithmic training complexity, there exists insufficient comparison between different loss functions on large datasets. In this paper, we train and evaluate several localization methods on three different benchmark datasets, including Oxford RobotCar with over one million images. This large scale evaluation yields valuable insights into the generalizability and performance of retrieval-based localization. Based on our findings, we develop a novel method for learning more accurate and better generalizing localization features. It consists of two main contributions: (i) a feature volume-based loss function, and (ii) hard positive and pairwise negative mining. On the challenging Oxford RobotCar night condition, our method outperforms the well-known triplet loss by 24.4% in localization accuracy within 5m.      
### 8.Properties Of Winning Tickets On Skin Lesion Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12141.pdf)
>  Skin cancer affects a large population every year -- automated skin cancer detection algorithms can thus greatly help clinicians. Prior efforts involving deep learning models have high detection accuracy. However, most of the models have a large number of parameters, with some works even using an ensemble of models to achieve good accuracy. In this paper, we investigate a recently proposed pruning technique called Lottery Ticket Hypothesis. We find that iterative pruning of the network resulted in improved accuracy, compared to that of the unpruned network, implying that -- the lottery ticket hypothesis can be applied to the problem of skin cancer detection and this hypothesis can result in a smaller network for inference. We also examine the accuracy across sub-groups -- created by gender and age -- and it was found that some sub-groups show a larger increase in accuracy than others.      
### 9.Siamese Network for RGB-D Salient Object Detection and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12134.pdf)
>  Existing RGB-D salient object detection (SOD) models usually treat RGB and depth as independent information and design separate networks for feature extraction from each. Such schemes can easily be constrained by a limited amount of training data or over-reliance on an elaborately designed training process. Inspired by the observation that RGB and depth modalities actually present certain commonality in distinguishing salient objects, a novel joint learning and densely cooperative fusion (JL-DCF) architecture is designed to learn from both RGB and depth inputs through a shared network backbone, known as the Siamese architecture. In this paper, we propose two effective components: joint learning (JL), and densely cooperative fusion (DCF). The JL module provides robust saliency feature learning by exploiting cross-modal commonality via a Siamese network, while the DCF module is introduced for complementary feature discovery. Comprehensive experiments using five popular metrics show that the designed framework yields a robust RGB-D saliency detector with good generalization. As a result, JL-DCF significantly advances the state-of-the-art models by an average of ~2.0% (F-measure) across seven challenging datasets. In addition, we show that JL-DCF is readily applicable to other related multi-modal detection tasks, including RGB-T (thermal infrared) SOD and video SOD (VSOD), achieving comparable or even better performance against state-of-the-art methods. This further confirms that the proposed framework could offer a potential solution for various applications and provide more insight into the cross-modal complementarity task. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kerenfu/JLDCF/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 10.MetaDistiller: Network Self-Boosting via Meta-Learned Top-Down Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12094.pdf)
>  Knowledge Distillation (KD) has been one of the most popu-lar methods to learn a compact model. However, it still suffers from highdemand in time and computational resources caused by sequential train-ing pipeline. Furthermore, the soft targets from deeper models do notoften serve as good cues for the shallower models due to the gap of com-patibility. In this work, we consider these two problems at the same time.Specifically, we propose that better soft targets with higher compatibil-ity can be generated by using a label generator to fuse the feature mapsfrom deeper stages in a top-down manner, and we can employ the meta-learning technique to optimize this label generator. Utilizing the softtargets learned from the intermediate feature maps of the model, we canachieve better self-boosting of the network in comparison with the state-of-the-art. The experiments are conducted on two standard classificationbenchmarks, namely CIFAR-100 and ILSVRC2012. We test various net-work architectures to show the generalizability of our MetaDistiller. Theexperiments results on two datasets strongly demonstrate the effective-ness of our method.      
### 11.DMD: A Large-Scale Multi-Modal Driver Monitoring Dataset for Attention and Alertness Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12085.pdf)
>  Vision is the richest and most cost-effective technology for Driver Monitoring Systems (DMS), especially after the recent success of Deep Learning (DL) methods. The lack of sufficiently large and comprehensive datasets is currently a bottleneck for the progress of DMS development, crucial for the transition of automated driving from SAE Level-2 to SAE Level-3. In this paper, we introduce the Driver Monitoring Dataset (DMD), an extensive dataset which includes real and simulated driving scenarios: distraction, gaze allocation, drowsiness, hands-wheel interaction and context data, in 41 hours of RGB, depth and IR videos from 3 cameras capturing face, body and hands of 37 drivers. A comparison with existing similar datasets is included, which shows the DMD is more extensive, diverse, and multi-purpose. The usage of the DMD is illustrated by extracting a subset of it, the dBehaviourMD dataset, containing 13 distraction activities, prepared to be used in DL training processes. Furthermore, we propose a robust and real-time driver behaviour recognition system targeting a real-world application that can run on cost-efficient CPU-only platforms, based on the dBehaviourMD. Its performance is evaluated with different types of fusion strategies, which all reach enhanced accuracy still providing real-time response.      
### 12.Minimal Adversarial Examples for Deep Learning on 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12066.pdf)
>  With the recent developments of convolutional neural networks, deep learning for 3D point clouds has shown significant progress in various 3D scene understanding tasks including 3D object recognition. In a safety-critical environment, it is however not well understood how such neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples. In this work, we explore adversarial attacks for point cloud-based neural networks with a focus on real-world data. We propose a general formulation for adversarial point cloud generation via $\ell_0$-norm optimisation. Our method generates adversarial examples by attacking the classification ability of the point cloud-based networks while considering the perceptibility of the examples and ensuring the minimum level of point manipulations. The proposed method is general and can be realised in different attack strategies. Experimental results show that our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance with 80\% of attack success rate while manipulating only about 4\% of the points. We also found that compared with synthetic data, real-world point cloud classification is more vulnerable to attacks.      
### 13.Compensation Tracker: Data Association Method for Lost Object  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12052.pdf)
>  At present, the main research direction of multi-object tracking framework is detection-based tracking method. Although the detection-based tracking model can achieve good results, it is very dependent on the performance of the detector. The tracking results will be affected to a certain extent when the detector has the behaviors of omission and error detection. Therefore, in order to solve the problem of missing detection, this paper designs a compensation tracker based on Kalman filter and forecast correction. Experiments show that after using the compensation tracker designed in this paper, evaluation indicators have improved in varying degrees on MOT Challenge data sets. In particular, the multi-object tracking accuracy reached 66% in the 2020 datasets of dense scenarios. This shows that the proposed method can effectively improve the tracking performance of the model.      
### 14.Inner Eye Canthus Localization for Human Body Temperature Screening  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12046.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an automatic approach for localizing the inner eye canthus in thermal face images. We first coarsely detect 5 facial keypoints corresponding to the center of the eyes, the nosetip and the ears. Then we compute a sparse 2D-3D points correspondence using a 3D Morphable Face Model (3DMM). This correspondence is used to project the entire 3D face onto the image, and subsequently locate the inner eye canthus. Detecting this location allows to obtain the most precise body temperature measurement for a person using a thermal camera. We evaluated the approach on a thermal face dataset provided with manually annotated landmarks. However, such manual annotations are normally conceived to identify facial parts such as eyes, nose and mouth, and are not specifically tailored for localizing the eye canthus region. As additional contribution, we enrich the original dataset by using the annotated landmarks to deform and project the 3DMM onto the images. Then, by manually selecting a small region corresponding to the eye canthus, we enrich the dataset with additional annotations. By using the manual landmarks, we ensure the correctness of the 3DMM projection, which can be used as ground-truth for future evaluations. Moreover, we supply the dataset with the 3D head poses and per-point visibility masks for detecting self-occlusions. The data will be publicly released.      
### 15.How semantic and geometric information mutually reinforce each other in ToF object localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12002.pdf)
>  We propose a novel approach to localize a 3D object from the intensity and depth information images provided by a Time-of-Flight (ToF) sensor. Our method uses two CNNs. The first one uses raw depth and intensity images as input, to segment the floor pixels, from which the extrinsic parameters of the camera are estimated. The second CNN is in charge of segmenting the object-of-interest. As a main innovation, it exploits the calibration estimated from the prediction of the first CNN to represent the geometric depth information in a coordinate system that is attached to the ground, and is thus independent of the camera elevation. In practice, both the height of pixels with respect to the ground, and the orientation of normals to the point cloud are provided as input to the second CNN. Given the segmentation predicted by the second CNN, the object is localized based on point cloud alignment with a reference model. Our experiments demonstrate that our proposed two-step approach improves segmentation and localization accuracy by a significant margin compared to a conventional CNN architecture, ignoring calibration and height maps, but also compared to PointNet++.      
### 16.A Flexible Selection Scheme for Minimum-Effort Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11995.pdf)
>  Fine-tuning is a popular way of exploiting knowledge contained in a pre-trained convolutional network for a new visual recognition task. However, the orthogonal setting of transferring knowledge from a pretrained network to a visually different yet semantically close source is rarely considered: This commonly happens with real-life data, which is not necessarily as clean as the training source (noise, geometric transformations, different modalities, etc.). To tackle such scenarios, we introduce a new, generalized form of fine-tuning, called flex-tuning, in which any individual unit (e.g. layer) of a network can be tuned, and the most promising one is chosen automatically. In order to make the method appealing for practical use, we propose two lightweight and faster selection procedures that prove to be good approximations in practice. We study these selection criteria empirically across a variety of domain shifts and data scarcity scenarios, and show that fine-tuning individual units, despite its simplicity, yields very good results as an adaptation technique. As it turns out, in contrast to common practice, rather than the last fully-connected unit it is best to tune an intermediate or early one in many domain-shift scenarios, which is accurately detected by flex-tuning.      
### 17.Cloze Test Helps: Effective Video Anomaly Detection via Learning to Complete Video Events  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11988.pdf)
>  As a vital topic in media content interpretation, video anomaly detection (VAD) has made fruitful progress via deep neural network (DNN). However, existing methods usually follow a reconstruction or frame prediction routine. They suffer from two gaps: (1) They cannot localize video activities in a both precise and comprehensive manner. (2) They lack sufficient abilities to utilize high-level semantics and temporal context information. Inspired by frequently-used cloze test in language study, we propose a brand-new VAD solution named Video Event Completion (VEC) to bridge gaps above: First, we propose a novel pipeline to achieve both precise and comprehensive enclosure of video activities. Appearance and motion are exploited as mutually complimentary cues to localize regions of interest (RoIs). A normalized spatio-temporal cube (STC) is built from each RoI as a video event, which lays the foundation of VEC and serves as a basic processing unit. Second, we encourage DNN to capture high-level semantics by solving a visual cloze test. To build such a visual cloze test, a certain patch of STC is erased to yield an incomplete event (IE). The DNN learns to restore the original video event from the IE by inferring the missing patch. Third, to incorporate richer motion dynamics, another DNN is trained to infer erased patches' optical flow. Finally, two ensemble strategies using different types of IE and modalities are proposed to boost VAD performance, so as to fully exploit the temporal context and modality information for VAD. VEC can consistently outperform state-of-the-art methods by a notable margin (typically 1.5%-5% AUROC) on commonly-used VAD benchmarks. Our codes and results can be verified at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/yuguangnudt/VEC_VAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 18.Edge and Identity Preserving Network for Face Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11977.pdf)
>  Face super-resolution has become an indispensable part in security problems such as video surveillance and identification system, but the distortion in facial components is a main obstacle to overcoming the problems. To alleviate it, most stateof-the-arts have utilized facial priors by using deep networks. These methods require extra labels, longer training time, and larger computation memory. Thus, we propose a novel Edge and Identity Preserving Network for Face Super-Resolution Network, named as EIPNet, which minimizes the distortion by utilizing a lightweight edge block and identity information. Specifically, the edge block extracts perceptual edge information and concatenates it to original feature maps in multiple scales. This structure progressively provides edge information in reconstruction procedure to aggregate local and global structural information. Moreover, we define an identity loss function to preserve identification of super-resolved images. The identity loss function compares feature distributions between super-resolved images and target images to solve unlabeled classification problem. In addition, we propose a Luminance-Chrominance Error (LCE) to expand usage of image representation domain. The LCE method not only reduces the dependency of color information by dividing brightness and color components but also facilitates our network to reflect differences between Super-Resolution (SR) and High- Resolution (HR) images in multiple domains (RGB and YUV). The proposed methods facilitate our super-resolution network to elaborately restore facial components and generate enhanced 8x scaled super-resolution images with a lightweight network structure.      
### 19.Visual Question Answering on Image Sets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11976.pdf)
>  We introduce the task of Image-Set Visual Question Answering (ISVQA), which generalizes the commonly studied single-image VQA problem to multi-image settings. Taking a natural language question and a set of images as input, it aims to answer the question based on the content of the images. The questions can be about objects and relationships in one or more images or about the entire scene depicted by the image set. To enable research in this new topic, we introduce two ISVQA datasets - indoor and outdoor scenes. They simulate the real-world scenarios of indoor image collections and multiple car-mounted cameras, respectively. The indoor-scene dataset contains 91,479 human annotated questions for 48,138 image sets, and the outdoor-scene dataset has 49,617 questions for 12,746 image sets. We analyze the properties of the two datasets, including question-and-answer distributions, types of questions, biases in dataset, and question-image dependencies. We also build new baseline models to investigate new research challenges in ISVQA.      
### 20.Multi-task deep CNN model for no-reference image quality assessment on smartphone camera photos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11961.pdf)
>  Smartphone is the most successful consumer electronic product in today's mobile social network era. The smartphone camera quality and its image post-processing capability is the dominant factor that impacts consumer's buying decision. However, the quality evaluation of photos taken from smartphones remains a labor-intensive work and relies on professional photographers and experts. As an extension of the prior CNN-based NR-IQA approach, we propose a multi-task deep CNN model with scene type detection as an auxiliary task. With the shared model parameters in the convolution layer, the learned feature maps could become more scene-relevant and enhance the performance. The evaluation result shows improved SROCC performance compared to traditional NR-IQA methods and single task CNN-based models.      
### 21.Surgical Skill Assessment on In-Vivo Clinical Data via the Clearness of Operating Field  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11954.pdf)
>  Surgical skill assessment is important for surgery training and quality control. Prior works on this task largely focus on basic surgical tasks such as suturing and knot tying performed in simulation settings. In contrast, surgical skill assessment is studied in this paper on a real clinical dataset, which consists of fifty-seven in-vivo laparoscopic surgeries and corresponding skill scores annotated by six surgeons. From analyses on this dataset, the clearness of operating field (COF) is identified as a good proxy for overall surgical skills, given its strong correlation with overall skills and high inter-annotator consistency. Then an objective and automated framework based on neural network is proposed to predict surgical skills through the proxy of COF. The neural network is jointly trained with a supervised regression loss and an unsupervised rank loss. In experiments, the proposed method achieves 0.55 Spearman's correlation with the ground truth of overall technical skill, which is even comparable with the human performance of junior surgeons.      
### 22.Unsupervised Surgical Instrument Segmentation via Anchor Generation and Semantic Diffusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11946.pdf)
>  Surgical instrument segmentation is a key component in developing context-aware operating rooms. Existing works on this task heavily rely on the supervision of a large amount of labeled data, which involve laborious and expensive human efforts. In contrast, a more affordable unsupervised approach is developed in this paper. To train our model, we first generate anchors as pseudo labels for instruments and background tissues respectively by fusing coarse handcrafted cues. Then a semantic diffusion loss is proposed to resolve the ambiguity in the generated anchors via the feature correlation between adjacent video frames. In the experiments on the binary instrument segmentation task of the 2017 MICCAI EndoVis Robotic Instrument Segmentation Challenge dataset, the proposed method achieves 0.71 IoU and 0.81 Dice score without using a single manual annotation, which is promising to show the potential of unsupervised learning for surgical tool segmentation.      
### 23.Moderately supervised learning: definition and framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11945.pdf)
>  Supervised learning (SL) has achieved remarkable success in numerous artificial intelligence applications. In the current literature, by referring to the properties of the ground-truth labels prepared for a training data set, SL is roughly categorized as fully supervised learning (FSL) and weakly supervised learning (WSL). However, solutions for various FSL tasks have shown that the given ground-truth labels are not always learnable, and the target transformation from the given ground-truth labels to learnable targets can significantly affect the performance of the final FSL solutions. Without considering the properties of the target transformation from the given ground-truth labels to learnable targets, the roughness of the FSL category conceals some details that can be critical to building the optimal solutions for some specific FSL tasks. Thus, it is desirable to reveal these details. This article attempts to achieve this goal by expanding the categorization of FSL and investigating the subtype that plays the central role in FSL. Taking into consideration the properties of the target transformation from the given ground-truth labels to learnable targets, we first categorize FSL into three narrower subtypes. Then, we focus on the subtype moderately supervised learning (MSL). MSL concerns the situation where the given ground-truth labels are ideal, but due to the simplicity in annotation of the given ground-truth labels, careful designs are required to transform the given ground-truth labels into learnable targets. From the perspectives of definition and framework, we comprehensively illustrate MSL to reveal what details are concealed by the roughness of the FSL category. Finally, discussions on the revealed details suggest that MSL should be given more attention.      
### 24.Attribute-guided image generation from layout  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11932.pdf)
>  Recent approaches have achieved great success in image generation from structured inputs, e.g., semantic segmentation, scene graph or layout. Although these methods allow specification of objects and their locations at image-level, they lack the fidelity and semantic control to specify visual appearance of these objects at an instance-level. To address this limitation, we propose a new image generation method that enables instance-level attribute control. Specifically, the input to our attribute-guided generative model is a tuple that contains: (1) object bounding boxes, (2) object categories and (3) an (optional) set of attributes for each object. The output is a generated image where the requested objects are in the desired locations and have prescribed attributes. Several losses work collaboratively to encourage accurate, consistent and diverse image generation. Experiments on Visual Genome dataset demonstrate our model's capacity to control object-level attributes in generated images, and validate plausibility of disentangled object-attribute representation in the image generation from layout task. Also, the generated images from our model have higher resolution, object classification accuracy and consistency, as compared to the previous state-of-the-art.      
### 25.Fingerprint Feature Extraction by Combining Texture, Minutiae, and Frequency Spectrum Using Multi-Task CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11917.pdf)
>  Although most fingerprint matching methods utilize minutia points and/or texture of fingerprint images as fingerprint features, the frequency spectrum is also a useful feature since a fingerprint is composed of ridge patterns with its inherent frequency band. We propose a novel CNN-based method for extracting fingerprint features from texture, minutiae, and frequency spectrum. In order to extract effective texture features from local regions around the minutiae, the minutia attention module is introduced to the proposed method. We also propose new data augmentation methods, which takes into account the characteristics of fingerprint images to increase the number of images during training since we use only a public dataset in training, which includes a few fingerprint classes. Through a set of experiments using FVC2004 DB1 and DB2, we demonstrated that the proposed method exhibits the efficient performance on fingerprint verification compared with a commercial fingerprint matching software and the conventional method.      
### 26.Domain Adaptation Through Task Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11911.pdf)
>  Deep networks devour millions of precisely annotated images to build their complex and powerful representations. Unfortunately, tasks like autonomous driving have virtually no real-world training data. Repeatedly crashing a car into a tree is simply too expensive. The commonly prescribed solution is simple: learn a representation in simulation and transfer it to the real world. However, this transfer is challenging since simulated and real-world visual experiences vary dramatically. Our core observation is that for certain tasks, such as image recognition, datasets are plentiful. They exist in any interesting domain, simulated or real, and are easy to label and extend. We use these recognition datasets to link up a source and target domain to transfer models between them in a task distillation framework. Our method can successfully transfer navigation policies between drastically different simulators: ViZDoom, SuperTuxKart, and CARLA. Furthermore, it shows promising results on standard domain adaptation benchmarks.      
### 27.Multi-View Fusion of Sensor Data for Improved Perception and Prediction in Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11901.pdf)
>  We present an end-to-end method for object detection and trajectory prediction utilizing multi-view representations of LiDAR returns. Our method builds on a state-of-the-art Bird's-Eye View (BEV) network that fuses voxelized features from a sequence of historical LiDAR data as well as rasterized high-definition map to perform detection and prediction tasks. We extend the BEV network with additional LiDAR Range-View (RV) features that use the raw LiDAR information in its native, non-quantized representation. The RV feature map is projected into BEV and fused with the BEV features computed from LiDAR and high-definition map. The fused features are then further processed to output the final detections and trajectories, within a single end-to-end trainable network. In addition, using this framework the RV fusion of LiDAR and camera is performed in a straightforward and computational efficient manner. The proposed approach improves the state-of-the-art on proprietary large-scale real-world data collected by a fleet of self-driving vehicles, as well as on the public nuScenes data set.      
### 28.Pose-Guided High-Resolution Appearance Transfer via Progressive Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11898.pdf)
>  We propose a novel pose-guided appearance transfer network for transferring a given reference appearance to a target pose in unprecedented image resolution (1024 * 1024), given respectively an image of the reference and target person. No 3D model is used. Instead, our network utilizes dense local descriptors including local perceptual loss and local discriminators to refine details, which is trained progressively in a coarse-to-fine manner to produce the high-resolution output to faithfully preserve complex appearance of garment textures and geometry, while hallucinating seamlessly the transferred appearances including those with dis-occlusion. Our progressive encoder-decoder architecture can learn the reference appearance inherent in the input image at multiple scales. Extensive experimental results on the Human3.6M dataset, the DeepFashion dataset, and our dataset collected from YouTube show that our model produces high-quality images, which can be further utilized in useful applications such as garment transfer between people and pose-guided human video generation.      
### 29.Webly Supervised Image Classification with Self-Contained Confidence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11894.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on webly supervised learning (WSL), where datasets are built by crawling samples from the Internet and directly using search queries as web labels. Although WSL benefits from fast and low-cost data collection, noises in web labels hinder better performance of the image classification model. To alleviate this problem, in recent works, self-label supervised loss $\mathcal{L}_s$ is utilized together with webly supervised loss $\mathcal{L}_w$. $\mathcal{L}_s$ relies on pseudo labels predicted by the model itself. Since the correctness of the web label or pseudo label is usually on a case-by-case basis for each web sample, it is desirable to adjust the balance between $\mathcal{L}_s$ and $\mathcal{L}_w$ on sample level. Inspired by the ability of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) in confidence prediction, we introduce Self-Contained Confidence (SCC) by adapting model uncertainty for WSL setting, and use it to sample-wisely balance $\mathcal{L}_s$ and $\mathcal{L}_w$. Therefore, a simple yet effective WSL framework is proposed. A series of SCC-friendly regularization approaches are investigated, among which the proposed graph-enhanced mixup is the most effective method to provide high-quality confidence to enhance our framework. The proposed WSL framework has achieved the state-of-the-art results on two large-scale WSL datasets, WebVision-1000 and Food101-N. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bigvideoresearch/SCC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.A Self-Reasoning Framework for Anomaly Detection Using Video-Level Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11887.pdf)
>  Anomalous event detection in surveillance videos is a challenging and practical research problem among image and video processing community. Compared to the frame-level annotations of anomalous events, obtaining video-level annotations is quite fast and cheap though such high-level labels may contain significant noise. More specifically, an anomalous labeled video may actually contain anomaly only in a short duration while the rest of the video frames may be normal. In the current work, we propose a weakly supervised anomaly detection framework based on deep neural networks which is trained in a self-reasoning fashion using only video-level labels. To carry out the self-reasoning based training, we generate pseudo labels by using binary clustering of spatio-temporal video features which helps in mitigating the noise present in the labels of anomalous videos. Our proposed formulation encourages both the main network and the clustering to complement each other in achieving the goal of more accurate anomaly detection. The proposed framework has been evaluated on publicly available real-world anomaly detection datasets including UCF-crime, ShanghaiTech and UCSD Ped2. The experiments demonstrate superiority of our proposed framework over the current state-of-the-art methods.      
### 31.Crossing-Domain Generative Adversarial Networks for Unsupervised Multi-Domain Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11882.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art techniques in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have shown remarkable success in image-to-image translation from peer domain X to domain Y using paired image data. However, obtaining abundant paired data is a non-trivial and expensive process in the majority of applications. When there is a need to translate images across n domains, if the training is performed between every two domains, the complexity of the training will increase quadratically. Moreover, training with data from two domains only at a time cannot benefit from data of other domains, which prevents the extraction of more useful features and hinders the progress of this research area. In this work, we propose a general framework for unsupervised image-to-image translation across multiple domains, which can translate images from domain X to any a domain without requiring direct training between the two domains involved in image translation. A byproduct of the framework is the reduction of computing time and computing resources, since it needs less time than training the domains in pairs as is done in state-of-the-art works. Our proposed framework consists of a pair of encoders along with a pair of GANs which learns high-level features across different domains to generate diverse and realistic samples from. Our framework shows competing results on many image-to-image tasks compared with state-of-the-art techniques.      
### 32.Adversarial Dual Distinct Classifiers for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11878.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain adaptation (UDA) attempts to recognize the unlabeled target samples by building a learning model from a differently-distributed labeled source domain. Conventional UDA concentrates on extracting domain-invariant features through deep adversarial networks. However, most of them seek to match the different domain feature distributions, without considering the task-specific decision boundaries across various classes. In this paper, we propose a novel Adversarial Dual Distinct Classifiers Network (AD$^2$CN) to align the source and target domain data distribution simultaneously with matching task-specific category boundaries. To be specific, a domain-invariant feature generator is exploited to embed the source and target data into a latent common space with the guidance of discriminative cross-domain alignment. Moreover, we naturally design two different structure classifiers to identify the unlabeled target samples over the supervision of the labeled source domain data. Such dual distinct classifiers with various architectures can capture diverse knowledge of the target data structure from different perspectives. Extensive experimental results on several cross-domain visual benchmarks prove the model's effectiveness by comparing it with other state-of-the-art UDA.      
### 33.Adaptively-Accumulated Knowledge Transfer for Partial Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11873.pdf)
>  Partial domain adaptation (PDA) attracts appealing attention as it deals with a realistic and challenging problem when the source domain label space substitutes the target domain. Most conventional domain adaptation (DA) efforts concentrate on learning domain-invariant features to mitigate the distribution disparity across domains. However, it is crucial to alleviate the negative influence caused by the irrelevant source domain categories explicitly for PDA. In this work, we propose an Adaptively-Accumulated Knowledge Transfer framework (A$^2$KT) to align the relevant categories across two domains for effective domain adaptation. Specifically, an adaptively-accumulated mechanism is explored to gradually filter out the most confident target samples and their corresponding source categories, promoting positive transfer with more knowledge across two domains. Moreover, a dual distinct classifier architecture consisting of a prototype classifier and a multilayer perceptron classifier is built to capture intrinsic data distribution knowledge across domains from various perspectives. By maximizing the inter-class center-wise discrepancy and minimizing the intra-class sample-wise compactness, the proposed model is able to obtain more domain-invariant and task-specific discriminative representations of the shared categories data. Comprehensive experiments on several partial domain adaptation benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed model, compared with the state-of-the-art PDA methods.      
### 34.Deep Learning for 2D grapevine bud detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11872.pdf)
>  In Viticulture, visual inspection of the plant is a necessary task for measuring relevant variables. In many cases, these visual inspections are susceptible to automation through computer vision methods. Bud detection is one such visual task, central for the measurement of important variables such as: measurement of bud sunlight exposure, autonomous pruning, bud counting, type-of-bud classification, bud geometric characterization, internode length, bud area, and bud development stage, among others. This paper presents a computer method for grapevine bud detection based on a Fully Convolutional Networks MobileNet architecture (FCN-MN). To validate its performance, this architecture was compared in the detection task with a strong method for bud detection, the scanning windows with patch classifier method, showing improvements over three aspects of detection: segmentation, correspondence identification and localization. In its best version of configuration parameters, the present approach showed a detection precision of $95.6\%$, a detection recall of $93.6\%$, a mean Dice measure of $89.1\%$ for correct detection (i.e., detections whose mask overlaps the true bud), with small and nearby false alarms (i.e., detections not overlapping the true bud) as shown by a mean pixel area of only $8\%$ the area of a true bud, and a distance (between mass centers) of $1.1$ true bud diameters. We conclude by discussing how these results for FCN-MN would produce sufficiently accurate measurements of variables bud number, bud area, and internode length, suggesting a good performance in a practical setup.      
### 35.Tabular Structure Detection from Document Images for Resource Constrained Devices Using A Row Based Similarity Measure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11842.pdf)
>  Tabular structures are used to present crucial information in a structured and crisp manner. Detection of such regions is of great importance for proper understanding of a document. Tabular structures can be of various layouts and types. Therefore, detection of these regions is a hard problem. Most of the existing techniques detect tables from a document image by using prior knowledge of the structures of the tables. However, these methods are not applicable for generalized tabular structures. In this work, we propose a similarity measure to find similarities between pairs of rows in a tabular structure. This similarity measure is utilized to identify a tabular region. Since the tabular regions are detected exploiting the similarities among all rows, the method is inherently independent of layouts of the tabular regions present in the training data. Moreover, the proposed similarity measure can be used to identify tabular regions without using large sets of parameters associated with recent deep learning based methods. Thus, the proposed method can easily be used with resource constrained devices such as mobile devices without much of an overhead.      
### 36.Deep learning-based computer vision to recognize and classify suturing gestures in robot-assisted surgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11833.pdf)
>  Our previous work classified a taxonomy of suturing gestures during a vesicourethral anastomosis of robotic radical prostatectomy in association with tissue tears and patient outcomes. Herein, we train deep-learning based computer vision (CV) to automate the identification and classification of suturing gestures for needle driving attempts. Using two independent raters, we manually annotated live suturing video clips to label timepoints and gestures. Identification (2395 videos) and classification (511 videos) datasets were compiled to train CV models to produce two- and five-class label predictions, respectively. Networks were trained on inputs of raw RGB pixels as well as optical flow for each frame. Each model was trained on 80/20 train/test splits. In this study, all models were able to reliably predict either the presence of a gesture (identification, AUC: 0.88) as well as the type of gesture (classification, AUC: 0.87) at significantly above chance levels. For both gesture identification and classification datasets, we observed no effect of recurrent classification model choice (LSTM vs. convLSTM) on performance. Our results demonstrate CV's ability to recognize features that not only can identify the action of suturing but also distinguish between different classifications of suturing gestures. This demonstrates the potential to utilize deep learning CV towards future automation of surgical skill assessment.      
### 37.Expressive Telepresence via Modular Codec Avatars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11789.pdf)
>  VR telepresence consists of interacting with another human in a virtual space represented by an avatar. Today most avatars are cartoon-like, but soon the technology will allow video-realistic ones. This paper aims in this direction and presents Modular Codec Avatars (MCA), a method to generate hyper-realistic faces driven by the cameras in the VR headset. MCA extends traditional Codec Avatars (CA) by replacing the holistic models with a learned modular representation. It is important to note that traditional person-specific CAs are learned from few training samples, and typically lack robustness as well as limited expressiveness when transferring facial expressions. MCAs solve these issues by learning a modulated adaptive blending of different facial components as well as an exemplar-based latent alignment. We demonstrate that MCA achieves improved expressiveness and robustness w.r.t to CA in a variety of real-world datasets and practical scenarios. Finally, we showcase new applications in VR telepresence enabled by the proposed model.      
### 38.Visual Concept Reasoning Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11783.pdf)
>  A split-transform-merge strategy has been broadly used as an architectural constraint in convolutional neural networks for visual recognition tasks. It approximates sparsely connected networks by explicitly defining multiple branches to simultaneously learn representations with different visual concepts or properties. Dependencies or interactions between these representations are typically defined by dense and local operations, however, without any adaptiveness or high-level reasoning. In this work, we propose to exploit this strategy and combine it with our Visual Concept Reasoning Networks (VCRNet) to enable reasoning between high-level visual concepts. We associate each branch with a visual concept and derive a compact concept state by selecting a few local descriptors through an attention module. These concept states are then updated by graph-based interaction and used to adaptively modulate the local descriptors. We describe our proposed model by split-transform-attend-interact-modulate-merge stages, which are implemented by opting for a highly modularized architecture. Extensive experiments on visual recognition tasks such as image classification, semantic segmentation, object detection, scene recognition, and action recognition show that our proposed model, VCRNet, consistently improves the performance by increasing the number of parameters by less than 1%.      
### 39.Measurement-driven Security Analysis of Imperceptible Impersonation Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11772.pdf)
>  The emergence of Internet of Things (IoT) brings about new security challenges at the intersection of cyber and physical spaces. One prime example is the vulnerability of Face Recognition (FR) based access control in IoT systems. While previous research has shown that Deep Neural Network(DNN)-based FR systems (FRS) are potentially susceptible to imperceptible impersonation attacks, the potency of such attacks in a wide set of scenarios has not been thoroughly investigated. In this paper, we present the first systematic, wide-ranging measurement study of the exploitability of DNN-based FR systems using a large scale dataset. We find that arbitrary impersonation attacks, wherein an arbitrary attacker impersonates an arbitrary target, are hard if imperceptibility is an auxiliary goal. Specifically, we show that factors such as skin color, gender, and age, impact the ability to carry out an attack on a specific target victim, to different extents. We also study the feasibility of constructing universal attacks that are robust to different poses or views of the attacker's face. Our results show that finding a universal perturbation is a much harder problem from the attacker's perspective. Finally, we find that the perturbed images do not generalize well across different DNN models. This suggests security countermeasures that can dramatically reduce the exploitability of DNN-based FR systems.      
### 40.Learning Global Structure Consistency for Robust Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11769.pdf)
>  Fast appearance variations and the distractions of similar objects are two of the most challenging problems in visual object tracking. Unlike many existing trackers that focus on modeling only the target, in this work, we consider the \emph{transient variations of the whole scene}. The key insight is that the object correspondence and spatial layout of the whole scene are consistent (i.e., global structure consistency) in consecutive frames which helps to disambiguate the target from distractors. Moreover, modeling transient variations enables to localize the target under fast variations. Specifically, we propose an effective and efficient short-term model that learns to exploit the global structure consistency in a short time and thus can handle fast variations and distractors. Since short-term modeling falls short of handling occlusion and out of the views, we adopt the long-short term paradigm and use a long-term model that corrects the short-term model when it drifts away from the target or the target is not present. These two components are carefully combined to achieve the balance of stability and plasticity during tracking. We empirically verify that the proposed tracker can tackle the two challenging scenarios and validate it on large scale benchmarks. Remarkably, our tracker improves state-of-the-art-performance on VOT2018 from 0.440 to 0.460, GOT-10k from 0.611 to 0.640, and NFS from 0.619 to 0.629.      
### 41.Large Scale Photometric Bundle Adjustment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11762.pdf)
>  Direct methods have shown promise on visual odometry and SLAM, leading to greater accuracy and robustness over feature-based methods. However, offline 3-d reconstruction from internet images has not yet benefited from a joint, photometric optimization over dense geometry and camera parameters. Issues such as the lack of brightness constancy, and the sheer volume of data, make this a more challenging task. This work presents a framework for jointly optimizing millions of scene points and hundreds of camera poses and intrinsics, using a photometric cost that is invariant to local lighting changes. The improvement in metric reconstruction accuracy that it confers over feature-based bundle adjustment is demonstrated on the large-scale Tanks &amp; Temples benchmark. We further demonstrate qualitative reconstruction improvements on an internet photo collection, with challenging diversity in lighting and camera intrinsics.      
### 42.Self-Supervised Human Activity Recognition by Augmenting Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11755.pdf)
>  This article proposes a novel approach for augmenting generative adversarial network (GAN) with a self-supervised task in order to improve its ability for encoding video representations that are useful in downstream tasks such as human activity recognition. In the proposed method, input video frames are randomly transformed by different spatial transformations, such as rotation, translation and shearing or temporal transformations such as shuffling temporal order of frames. Then discriminator is encouraged to predict the applied transformation by introducing an auxiliary loss. Subsequently, results prove superiority of the proposed method over baseline methods for providing a useful representation of videos used in human activity recognition performed on datasets such as KTH, UCF101 and Ball-Drop. Ball-Drop dataset is a specifically designed dataset for measuring executive functions in children through physically and cognitively demanding tasks. Using features from proposed method instead of baseline methods caused the top-1 classification accuracy to increase by more then 4%. Moreover, ablation study was performed to investigate the contribution of different transformations on downstream task.      
### 43.learn2learn: A Library for Meta-Learning Research  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12284.pdf)
>  Meta-learning researchers face two fundamental issues in their empirical work: prototyping and reproducibility. Researchers are prone to make mistakes when prototyping new algorithms and tasks because modern meta-learning methods rely on unconventional functionalities of machine learning frameworks. In turn, reproducing existing results becomes a tedious endeavour -- a situation exacerbated by the lack of standardized implementations and benchmarks. As a result, researchers spend inordinate amounts of time on implementing software rather than understanding and developing new ideas. <br>This manuscript introduces learn2learn, a library for meta-learning research focused on solving those prototyping and reproducibility issues. learn2learn provides low-level routines common across a wide-range of meta-learning techniques (e.g. meta-descent, meta-reinforcement learning, few-shot learning), and builds standardized interfaces to algorithms and benchmarks on top of them. In releasing learn2learn under a free and open source license, we hope to foster a community around standardized software for meta-learning research.      
### 44.New Normal: Cooperative Paradigm for Covid-19 Timely Detection and Containment using Internet of Things and Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12103.pdf)
>  The spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) has caused trillions of dollars in damages to the governments and health authorities by affecting the global economies. The purpose of this study is to introduce a connected smart paradigm that not only detects the possible spread of viruses but also helps to restart businesses/economies, and resume social life. We are proposing a connected Internet of Things ( IoT) based paradigm that makes use of object detection based on convolution neural networks (CNN), smart wearable and connected e-health to avoid current and future outbreaks. First, connected surveillance cameras feed continuous video stream to the server where we detect the inter-object distance to identify any social distancing violations. A violation activates area-based monitoring of active smartphone users and their current state of illness. In case a confirmed patient or a person with high symptoms is present, the system tracks exposed and infected people and appropriate measures are put into actions. We evaluated the proposed scheme for social distancing violation detection using YOLO (you only look once) v2 and v3, and for infection spread tracing using Python simulation.      
### 45.Propensity-to-Pay: Machine Learning for Estimating Prediction Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12065.pdf)
>  Predicting a customer's propensity-to-pay at an early point in the revenue cycle can provide organisations many opportunities to improve the customer experience, reduce hardship and reduce the risk of impaired cash flow and occurrence of bad debt. With the advancements in data science; machine learning techniques can be used to build models to accurately predict a customer's propensity-to-pay. Creating effective machine learning models without access to large and detailed datasets presents some significant challenges. This paper presents a case-study, conducted on a dataset from an energy organisation, to explore the uncertainty around the creation of machine learning models that are able to predict residential customers entering financial hardship which then reduces their ability to pay energy bills. Incorrect predictions can result in inefficient resource allocation and vulnerable customers not being proactively identified. This study investigates machine learning models' ability to consider different contexts and estimate the uncertainty in the prediction. Seven models from four families of machine learning algorithms are investigated for their novel utilisation. A novel concept of utilising a Baysian Neural Network to the binary classification problem of propensity-to-pay energy bills is proposed and explored for deployment.      
### 46.Meta-Learning with Shared Amortized Variational Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12037.pdf)
>  We propose a novel amortized variational inference scheme for an empirical Bayes meta-learning model, where model parameters are treated as latent variables. We learn the prior distribution over model parameters conditioned on limited training data using a variational autoencoder approach. Our framework proposes sharing the same amortized inference network between the conditional prior and variational posterior distributions over the model parameters. While the posterior leverages both the labeled support and query data, the conditional prior is based only on the labeled support data. We show that in earlier work, relying on Monte-Carlo approximation, the conditional prior collapses to a Dirac delta function. In contrast, our variational approach prevents this collapse and preserves uncertainty over the model parameters. We evaluate our approach on the miniImageNet, CIFAR-FS and FC100 datasets, and present results demonstrating its advantages over previous work.      
### 47.A survey on applications of augmented, mixed andvirtual reality for nature and environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.12024.pdf)
>  Augmented reality (AR), virtual reality (VR) and mixed reality (MR) are technologies of great potential due to the engaging and enriching experiences they are capable of providing. Their use is rapidly increasing in diverse fields such as medicine, manufacturing or entertainment. However, the possibilities that AR, VR and MR offer in the area of environmental applications are not yet widely explored. In this paper we present the outcome of a survey meant to discover and classify existing AR/VR/MR applications that can benefit the environment or increase awareness on environmental issues. We performed an exhaustive search over several online publication access platforms and past proceedings of major conferences in the fields of AR/VR/MR. Identified relevant papers were filtered based on novelty, technical soundness, impact and topic relevance, and classified into different categories. Referring to the selected papers, we discuss how the applications of each category are contributing to environmental protection, preservation and sensitization purposes. We further analyse these approaches as well as possible future directions in the scope of existing and upcoming AR/VR/MR enabling technologies.      
### 48.Mixed Noise Removal with Pareto Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11935.pdf)
>  Denoising images contaminated by the mixture of additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN) and impulse noise (IN) is an essential but challenging problem. The presence of impulsive disturbances inevitably affects the distribution of noises and thus largely degrades the performance of traditional AWGN denoisers. Existing methods target to compensate the effects of IN by introducing a weighting matrix, which, however, is lack of proper priori and thus hard to be accurately estimated. To address this problem, we exploit the Pareto distribution as the priori of the weighting matrix, based on which an accurate and robust weight estimator is proposed for mixed noise removal. Particularly, a relatively small portion of pixels are assumed to be contaminated with IN, which should have weights with small values and then be penalized out. This phenomenon can be properly described by the Pareto distribution of type 1. Therefore, armed with the Pareto distribution, we formulate the problem of mixed noise removal in the Bayesian framework, where nonlocal self-similarity priori is further exploited by adopting nonlocal low rank approximation. Compared to existing methods, the proposed method can estimate the weighting matrix adaptively, accurately, and robust for different level of noises, thus can boost the denoising performance. Experimental results on widely used image datasets demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method to the state-of-the-arts.      
### 49.Unsupervised MRI Super-Resolution using Deep External Learning and Guided Residual Dense Network with Multimodal Image Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11921.pdf)
>  Deep learning techniques have led to state-of-the-art single image super-resolution (SISR) with natural images. Pairs of high-resolution (HR) and low-resolution (LR) images are used to train the deep learning model (mapping function). These techniques have also been applied to medical image super-resolution (SR). Compared with natural images, medical images have several unique characteristics. First, there are no HR images for training in real clinical applications because of the limitations of imaging systems and clinical requirements. Second, other modal HR images are available (e.g., HR T1-weighted images are available for enhancing LR T2-weighted images). In this paper, we propose an unsupervised SISR technique based on simple prior knowledge of the human anatomy; this technique does not require HR images for training. Furthermore, we present a guided residual dense network, which incorporates a residual dense network with a guided deep convolutional neural network for enhancing the resolution of LR images by referring to different HR images of the same subject. Experiments on a publicly available brain MRI database showed that our proposed method achieves better performance than the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 50.Lymph Node Gross Tumor Volume Detection and Segmentation via Distance-based Gating using 3D CT/PET Imaging in Radiotherapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11870.pdf)
>  Finding, identifying and segmenting suspicious cancer metastasized lymph nodes from 3D multi-modality imaging is a clinical task of paramount importance. In radiotherapy, they are referred to as Lymph Node Gross Tumor Volume (GTVLN). Determining and delineating the spread of GTVLN is essential in defining the corresponding resection and irradiating regions for the downstream workflows of surgical resection and radiotherapy of various cancers. In this work, we propose an effective distance-based gating approach to simulate and simplify the high-level reasoning protocols conducted by radiation oncologists, in a divide-and-conquer manner. GTVLN is divided into two subgroups of tumor-proximal and tumor-distal, respectively, by means of binary or soft distance gating. This is motivated by the observation that each category can have distinct though overlapping distributions of appearance, size and other LN characteristics. A novel multi-branch detection-by-segmentation network is trained with each branch specializing on learning one GTVLN category features, and outputs from multi-branch are fused in inference. The proposed method is evaluated on an in-house dataset of $141$ esophageal cancer patients with both PET and CT imaging modalities. Our results validate significant improvements on the mean recall from $72.5\%$ to $78.2\%$, as compared to previous state-of-the-art work. The highest achieved GTVLN recall of $82.5\%$ at $20\%$ precision is clinically relevant and valuable since human observers tend to have low sensitivity (around $80\%$ for the most experienced radiation oncologists, as reported by literature).      
### 51.Traces of Class/Cross-Class Structure Pervade Deep Learning Spectra  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11865.pdf)
>  Numerous researchers recently applied empirical spectral analysis to the study of modern deep learning classifiers. We identify and discuss an important formal class/cross-class structure and show how it lies at the origin of the many visually striking features observed in deepnet spectra, some of which were reported in recent articles, others are unveiled here for the first time. These include spectral outliers, "spikes", and small but distinct continuous distributions, "bumps", often seen beyond the edge of a "main bulk". <br>The significance of the cross-class structure is illustrated in three ways: (i) we prove the ratio of outliers to bulk in the spectrum of the Fisher information matrix is predictive of misclassification, in the context of multinomial logistic regression; (ii) we demonstrate how, gradually with depth, a network is able to separate class-distinctive information from class variability, all while orthogonalizing the class-distinctive information; and (iii) we propose a correction to KFAC, a well-known second-order optimization algorithm for training deepnets.      
### 52.DeepPrognosis: Preoperative Prediction of Pancreatic Cancer Survival and Surgical Margin via Contrast-Enhanced CT Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11853.pdf)
>  Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is one of the most lethal cancers and carries a dismal prognosis. Surgery remains the best chance of a potential cure for patients who are eligible for initial resection of PDAC. However, outcomes vary significantly even among the resected patients of the same stage and received similar treatments. Accurate preoperative prognosis of resectable PDACs for personalized treatment is thus highly desired. Nevertheless, there are no automated methods yet to fully exploit the contrast-enhanced computed tomography (CE-CT) imaging for PDAC. Tumor attenuation changes across different CT phases can reflect the tumor internal stromal fractions and vascularization of individual tumors that may impact the clinical outcomes. In this work, we propose a novel deep neural network for the survival prediction of resectable PDAC patients, named as 3D Contrast-Enhanced Convolutional Long Short-Term Memory network(CE-ConvLSTM), which can derive the tumor attenuation signatures or patterns from CE-CT imaging studies. We present a multi-task CNN to accomplish both tasks of outcome and margin prediction where the network benefits from learning the tumor resection margin related features to improve survival prediction. The proposed framework can improve the prediction performances compared with existing state-of-the-art survival analysis approaches. The tumor signature built from our model has evidently added values to be combined with the existing clinical staging system.      
### 53.Domain-Adversarial Learning for Multi-Centre, Multi-Vendor, and Multi-Disease Cardiac MR Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11776.pdf)
>  Cine cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) has become the gold standard for the non-invasive evaluation of cardiac function. In particular, it allows the accurate quantification of functional parameters including the chamber volumes and ejection fraction. Deep learning has shown the potential to automate the requisite cardiac structure segmentation. However, the lack of robustness of deep learning models has hindered their widespread clinical adoption. Due to differences in the data characteristics, neural networks trained on data from a specific scanner are not guaranteed to generalise well to data acquired at a different centre or with a different scanner. In this work, we propose a principled solution to the problem of this domain shift. Domain-adversarial learning is used to train a domain-invariant 2D U-Net using labelled and unlabelled data. This approach is evaluated on both seen and unseen domains from the M\&amp;Ms challenge dataset and the domain-adversarial approach shows improved performance as compared to standard training. Additionally, we show that the domain information cannot be recovered from the learned features.      
### 54.Appropriateness of Performance Indices for Imbalanced Data Classification: An Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11752.pdf)
>  Indices quantifying the performance of classifiers under class-imbalance, often suffer from distortions depending on the constitution of the test set or the class-specific classification accuracy, creating difficulties in assessing the merit of the classifier. We identify two fundamental conditions that a performance index must satisfy to be respectively resilient to altering number of testing instances from each class and the number of classes in the test set. In light of these conditions, under the effect of class imbalance, we theoretically analyze four indices commonly used for evaluating binary classifiers and five popular indices for multi-class classifiers. For indices violating any of the conditions, we also suggest remedial modification and normalization. We further investigate the capability of the indices to retain information about the classification performance over all the classes, even when the classifier exhibits extreme performance on some classes. Simulation studies are performed on high dimensional deep representations of subset of the ImageNet dataset using four state-of-the-art classifiers tailored for handling class imbalance. Finally, based on our theoretical findings and empirical evidence, we recommend the appropriate indices that should be used to evaluate the performance of classifiers in presence of class-imbalance.      
