# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 4 Aug 2020
### 1.Unsupervised 3D Learning for Shape Analysis via Multiresolution Instance Discrimination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01068.pdf)
>  Although unsupervised feature learning has demonstrated its advantages to reducing the workload of data labeling and network design in many fields, existing unsupervised 3D learning methods still cannot offer a generic network for various shape analysis tasks with competitive performance to supervised methods. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised method for learning a generic and efficient shape encoding network for different shape analysis tasks. The key idea of our method is to jointly encode and learn shape and point features from unlabeled 3D point clouds. For this purpose, we adapt HR-Net to octree-based convolutional neural networks for jointly encoding shape and point features with fused multiresolution subnetworks and design a simple-yet-efficient \emph{Multiresolution Instance Discrimination} (MID) loss for jointly learning the shape and point features. Our network takes a 3D point cloud as input and output both shape and point features. After training, the network is concatenated with simple task-specific back-end layers and fine-tuned for different shape analysis tasks. We evaluate the efficacy and generality of our method and validate our network and loss design with a set of shape analysis tasks, including shape classification, semantic shape segmentation, as well as shape registration tasks. With simple back-ends, our network demonstrates the best performance among all unsupervised methods and achieves competitive performance to supervised methods, especially in tasks with a small labeled dataset. For fine-grained shape segmentation, our method even surpasses existing supervised methods by a large margin.      
### 2.Memory-augmented Dense Predictive Coding for Video Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01065.pdf)
>  The objective of this paper is self-supervised learning from video, in particular for representations for action recognition. We make the following contributions: (i) We propose a new architecture and learning framework Memory-augmented Dense Predictive Coding (MemDPC) for the task. It is trained with a predictive attention mechanism over the set of compressed memories, such that any future states can always be constructed by a convex combination of the condense representations, allowing to make multiple hypotheses efficiently. (ii) We investigate visual-only self-supervised video representation learning from RGB frames, or from unsupervised optical flow, or both. (iii) We thoroughly evaluate the quality of learnt representation on four different downstream tasks: action recognition, video retrieval, learning with scarce annotations, and unintentional action classification. In all cases, we demonstrate state-of-the-art or comparable performance over other approaches with orders of magnitude fewer training data.      
### 3.Improving One-stage Visual Grounding by Recursive Sub-query Construction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01059.pdf)
>  We improve one-stage visual grounding by addressing current limitations on grounding long and complex queries. Existing one-stage methods encode the entire language query as a single sentence embedding vector, e.g., taking the embedding from BERT or the hidden state from LSTM. This single vector representation is prone to overlooking the detailed descriptions in the query. To address this query modeling deficiency, we propose a recursive sub-query construction framework, which reasons between image and query for multiple rounds and reduces the referring ambiguity step by step. We show our new one-stage method obtains 5.0%, 4.5%, 7.5%, 12.8% absolute improvements over the state-of-the-art one-stage baseline on ReferItGame, RefCOCO, RefCOCO+, and RefCOCOg, respectively. In particular, superior performances on longer and more complex queries validates the effectiveness of our query modeling.      
### 4.Residual Frames with Efficient Pseudo-3D CNN for Human Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01057.pdf)
>  Human action recognition is regarded as a key cornerstone in domains such as surveillance or video understanding. Despite recent progress in the development of end-to-end solutions for video-based action recognition, achieving state-of-the-art performance still requires using auxiliary hand-crafted motion representations, e.g., optical flow, which are usually computationally demanding. In this work, we propose to use residual frames (i.e., differences between adjacent RGB frames) as an alternative "lightweight" motion representation, which carries salient motion information and is computationally efficient. In addition, we develop a new pseudo-3D convolution module which decouples 3D convolution into 2D and 1D convolution. The proposed module exploits residual information in the feature space to better structure motions, and is equipped with a self-attention mechanism that assists to recalibrate the appearance and motion features. Empirical results confirm the efficiency and effectiveness of residual frames as well as the proposed pseudo-3D convolution module.      
### 5.Project to Adapt: Domain Adaptation for Depth Completion from Noisy and Sparse Sensor Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01034.pdf)
>  Depth completion aims to predict a dense depth map from a sparse depth input. The acquisition of dense ground truth annotations for depth completion settings can be difficult and, at the same time, a significant domain gap between real LiDAR measurements and synthetic data has prevented from successful training of models in virtual settings. We propose a domain adaptation approach for sparse-to-dense depth completion that is trained from synthetic data, without annotations in the real domain or additional sensors. Our approach simulates the real sensor noise in an RGB+LiDAR set-up, and consists of three modules: simulating the real LiDAR input in the synthetic domain via projections, filtering the real noisy LiDAR for supervision and adapting the synthetic RGB image using a CycleGAN approach. We extensively evaluate these modules against the state-of-the-art in the KITTI depth completion benchmark, showing significant improvements.      
### 6.From Design Draft to Real Attire: Unaligned Fashion Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01023.pdf)
>  Fashion manipulation has attracted growing interest due to its great application value, which inspires many researches towards fashion images. However, little attention has been paid to fashion design draft. In this paper, we study a new unaligned translation problem between design drafts and real fashion items, whose main challenge lies in the huge misalignment between the two modalities. We first collect paired design drafts and real fashion item images without pixel-wise alignment. To solve the misalignment problem, our main idea is to train a sampling network to adaptively adjust the input to an intermediate state with structure alignment to the output. Moreover, built upon the sampling network, we present design draft to real fashion item translation network (D2RNet), where two separate translation streams that focus on texture and shape, respectively, are combined tactfully to get both benefits. D2RNet is able to generate realistic garments with both texture and shape consistency to their design drafts. We show that this idea can be effectively applied to the reverse translation problem and present R2DNet accordingly. Extensive experiments on unaligned fashion design translation demonstrate the superiority of our method over state-of-the-art methods. Our project website is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://victoriahy.github.io/MM2020/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 7.RareAct: A video dataset of unusual interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01018.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a manually annotated video dataset of unusual actions, namely RareAct, including actions such as "blend phone", "cut keyboard" and "microwave shoes". RareAct aims at evaluating the zero-shot and few-shot compositionality of action recognition models for unlikely compositions of common action verbs and object nouns. It contains 122 different actions which were obtained by combining verbs and nouns rarely co-occurring together in the large-scale textual corpus from HowTo100M, but that frequently appear separately. We provide benchmarks using a state-of-the-art HowTo100M pretrained video and text model and show that zero-shot and few-shot compositionality of actions remains a challenging and unsolved task.      
### 8.Teacher-Student Training and Triplet Loss for Facial Expression Recognition under Occlusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01003.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the task of facial expression recognition under strong occlusion. We are particularly interested in cases where 50% of the face is occluded, e.g. when the subject wears a Virtual Reality (VR) headset. While previous studies show that pre-training convolutional neural networks (CNNs) on fully-visible (non-occluded) faces improves the accuracy, we propose to employ knowledge distillation to achieve further improvements. First of all, we employ the classic teacher-student training strategy, in which the teacher is a CNN trained on fully-visible faces and the student is a CNN trained on occluded faces. Second of all, we propose a new approach for knowledge distillation based on triplet loss. During training, the goal is to reduce the distance between an anchor embedding, produced by a student CNN that takes occluded faces as input, and a positive embedding (from the same class as the anchor), produced by a teacher CNN trained on fully-visible faces, so that it becomes smaller than the distance between the anchor and a negative embedding (from a different class than the anchor), produced by the student CNN. Third of all, we propose to combine the distilled embeddings obtained through the classic teacher-student strategy and our novel teacher-student strategy based on triplet loss into a single embedding vector. We conduct experiments on two benchmarks, FER+ and AffectNet, with two CNN architectures, VGG-f and VGG-face, showing that knowledge distillation can bring significant improvements over the state-of-the-art methods designed for occluded faces in the VR setting.      
### 9.Segmenting overlapped objects in images. A study to support the diagnosis of sickle cell disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00997.pdf)
>  Overlapped objects are found on multiple kinds of images, they are a source of problem due its partial information. Multiple types of algorithm are used to address this problem from simple and naive methods to more complex ones. In this work we propose a new method for the segmentation of overlapped object. Finally we compare the results of this algorithm with the state-of-art in two experiments: one with a new dataset, developed specially for this work, and red blood smears from sickle-cell disease patients.      
### 10.An Exploration of Target-Conditioned Segmentation Methods for Visual Object Trackers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00992.pdf)
>  Visual object tracking is the problem of predicting a target object's state in a video. Generally, bounding-boxes have been used to represent states, and a surge of effort has been spent by the community to produce efficient causal algorithms capable of locating targets with such representations. As the field is moving towards binary segmentation masks to define objects more precisely, in this paper we propose to extensively explore target-conditioned segmentation methods available in the computer vision community, in order to transform any bounding-box tracker into a segmentation tracker. Our analysis shows that such methods allow trackers to compete with recently proposed segmentation trackers, while performing quasi real-time.      
### 11.SeCo: Exploring Sequence Supervision for Unsupervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00975.pdf)
>  A steady momentum of innovations and breakthroughs has convincingly pushed the limits of unsupervised image representation learning. Compared to static 2D images, video has one more dimension (time). The inherent supervision existing in such sequential structure offers a fertile ground for building unsupervised learning models. In this paper, we compose a trilogy of exploring the basic and generic supervision in the sequence from spatial, spatiotemporal and sequential perspectives. We materialize the supervisory signals through determining whether a pair of samples is from one frame or from one video, and whether a triplet of samples is in the correct temporal order. We uniquely regard the signals as the foundation in contrastive learning and derive a particular form named Sequence Contrastive Learning (SeCo). SeCo shows superior results under the linear protocol on action recognition (Kinetics), untrimmed activity recognition (ActivityNet) and object tracking (OTB-100). More remarkably, SeCo demonstrates considerable improvements over recent unsupervised pre-training techniques, and leads the accuracy by 2.96% and 6.47% against fully-supervised ImageNet pre-training in action recognition task on UCF101 and HMDB51, respectively.      
### 12.End-to-end Full Projector Compensation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00965.pdf)
>  Full projector compensation aims to modify a projector input image to compensate for both geometric and photometric disturbance of the projection surface. Traditional methods usually solve the two parts separately and may suffer from suboptimal solutions. In this paper, we propose the first end-to-end differentiable solution, named CompenNeSt++, to solve the two problems jointly. First, we propose a novel geometric correction subnet, named WarpingNet, which is designed with a cascaded coarse-to-fine structure to learn the sampling grid directly from sampling images. Second, we propose a novel photometric compensation subnet, named CompenNeSt, which is designed with a siamese architecture to capture the photometric interactions between the projection surface and the projected images, and to use such information to compensate the geometrically corrected images. By concatenating WarpingNet with CompenNeSt, CompenNeSt++ accomplishes full projector compensation and is end-to-end trainable. Third, to improve practicability, we propose a novel synthetic data-based pre-training strategy to significantly reduce the number of training images and training time. Moreover, we construct the first setup-independent full compensation benchmark to facilitate future studies. In thorough experiments, our method shows clear advantages over prior art with promising compensation quality and meanwhile being practically convenient.      
### 13.Deep Traffic Sign Detection and Recognition Without Target Domain Real Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00962.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been successfully applied to several problems related to autonomous driving, often relying on large databases of real target-domain images for proper training. The acquisition of such real-world data is not always possible in the self-driving context, and sometimes their annotation is not feasible. Moreover, in many tasks, there is an intrinsic data imbalance that most learning-based methods struggle to cope with. Particularly, traffic sign detection is a challenging problem in which these three issues are seen altogether. To address these challenges, we propose a novel database generation method that requires only (i) arbitrary natural images, i.e., requires no real image from the target-domain, and (ii) templates of the traffic signs. The method does not aim at overcoming the training with real data, but to be a compatible alternative when the real data is not available. The effortlessly generated database is shown to be effective for the training of a deep detector on traffic signs from multiple countries. On large data sets, training with a fully synthetic data set almost matches the performance of training with a real one. When compared to training with a smaller data set of real images, training with synthetic images increased the accuracy by 12.25%. The proposed method also improves the performance of the detector when target-domain data are available.      
### 14.Encoding in Style: a StyleGAN Encoder for Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00951.pdf)
>  We present a generic image-to-image translation framework, Pixel2Style2Pixel (pSp). Our pSp framework is based on a novel encoder network that directly generates a series of style vectors which are fed into a pretrained StyleGAN generator, forming the extended W+ latent space. We first show that our encoder can directly embed real images into W+, with no additional optimization. We further introduce a dedicated identity loss which is shown to achieve improved performance in the reconstruction of an input image. We demonstrate pSp to be a simple architecture that, by leveraging a well-trained, fixed generator network, can be easily applied on a wide-range of image-to-image translation tasks. Solving these tasks through the style representation results in a global approach that does not rely on a local pixel-to-pixel correspondence and further supports multi-modal synthesis via the resampling of styles. Notably, we demonstrate that pSp can be trained to align a face image to a frontal pose without any labeled data, generate multi-modal results for ambiguous tasks such as conditional face generation from segmentation maps, and construct high-resolution images from corresponding low-resolution images.      
### 15.Frame-To-Frame Consistent Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00948.pdf)
>  In this work, we aim for temporally consistent semantic segmentation throughout frames in a video. Many semantic segmentation algorithms process images individually which leads to an inconsistent scene interpretation due to illumination changes, occlusions and other variations over time. To achieve a temporally consistent prediction, we train a convolutional neural network (CNN) which propagates features through consecutive frames in a video using a convolutional long short term memory (ConvLSTM) cell. Besides the temporal feature propagation, we penalize inconsistencies in our loss function. We show in our experiments that the performance improves when utilizing video information compared to single frame prediction. The mean intersection over union (mIoU) metric on the Cityscapes validation set increases from 45.2 % for the single frames to 57.9 % for video data after implementing the ConvLSTM to propagate features trough time on the ESPNet. Most importantly, inconsistency decreases from 4.5 % to 1.3 % which is a reduction by 71.1 %. Our results indicate that the added temporal information produces a frame-to-frame consistent and more accurate image understanding compared to single frame processing.      
### 16.Pre-training for Video Captioning Challenge 2020 Summary  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00947.pdf)
>  The Pre-training for Video Captioning Challenge 2020 Summary: results and challenge participants' technical reports.      
### 17.Detection and Localization of Robotic Tools in Robot-Assisted Surgery Videos Using Deep Neural Networks for Region Proposal and Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00936.pdf)
>  Video understanding of robot-assisted surgery (RAS) videos is an active research area. Modeling the gestures and skill level of surgeons presents an interesting problem. The insights drawn may be applied in effective skill acquisition, objective skill assessment, real-time feedback, and human-robot collaborative surgeries. We propose a solution to the tool detection and localization open problem in RAS video understanding, using a strictly computer vision approach and the recent advances of deep learning. We propose an architecture using multimodal convolutional neural networks for fast detection and localization of tools in RAS videos. To our knowledge, this approach will be the first to incorporate deep neural networks for tool detection and localization in RAS videos. Our architecture applies a Region Proposal Network (RPN), and a multi-modal two stream convolutional network for object detection, to jointly predict objectness and localization on a fusion of image and temporal motion cues. Our results with an Average Precision (AP) of 91% and a mean computation time of 0.1 seconds per test frame detection indicate that our study is superior to conventionally used methods for medical imaging while also emphasizing the benefits of using RPN for precision and efficiency. We also introduce a new dataset, ATLAS Dione, for RAS video understanding. Our dataset provides video data of ten surgeons from Roswell Park Cancer Institute (RPCI) (Buffalo, NY) performing six different surgical tasks on the daVinci Surgical System (dVSS R ) with annotations of robotic tools per frame.      
### 18.AUTSL: A Large Scale Multi-modal Turkish Sign Language Dataset and Baseline Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00932.pdf)
>  Sign language recognition is a challenging problem where signs are identified by simultaneous local and global articulations of multiple sources, i.e. hand shape and orientation, hand movements, body posture and facial expressions. Solving this problem computationally for a large vocabulary of signs in real life settings is still a challenge, even with the state-of-the-art models. In this study, we present a new large-scale multi-modal Turkish Sign Language dataset (AUTSL) with a benchmark and provide baseline models for performance evaluations. Our dataset consists of 226 signs performed by 43 different signers and 38,336 isolated sign video samples in total. Samples contain a wide variety of backgrounds recorded in indoor and outdoor environments. Moreover, spatial positions and the postures of signers also vary in the recordings. Each sample is recorded with Microsoft Kinect v2 and contains color image (RGB), depth and skeleton data modalities. <br>We prepared benchmark training and test sets for user independent assessments of the models. We trained several deep learning based models and provide empirical evaluations using the benchmark; we used Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to extract features, unidirectional and bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) models to characterize temporal information. We also incorporated feature pooling modules and temporal attention to our models to improve the performances. Using the benchmark test set, we obtained 62.02% accuracy with RGB+Depth data and 47.62% accuracy with RGB only data with the CNN+FPM+BLSTM+Attention model. Our dataset will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://cvml.ankara.edu.tr" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Traffic Prediction Framework for OpenStreetMap using Deep Learning based Complex Event Processing and Open Traffic Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00928.pdf)
>  Displaying near-real-time traffic information is a useful feature of digital navigation maps. However, most commercial providers rely on privacy-compromising measures such as deriving location information from cellphones to estimate traffic. The lack of an open-source traffic estimation method using open data platforms is a bottleneck for building sophisticated navigation services on top of OpenStreetMap (OSM). We propose a deep learning-based Complex Event Processing (CEP) method that relies on publicly available video camera streams for traffic estimation. The proposed framework performs near-real-time object detection and objects property extraction across camera clusters in parallel to derive multiple measures related to traffic with the results visualized on OpenStreetMap. The estimation of object properties (e.g. vehicle speed, count, direction) provides multidimensional data that can be leveraged to create metrics and visualization for congestion beyond commonly used density-based measures. Our approach couples both flow and count measures during interpolation by considering each vehicle as a sample point and their speed as weight. We demonstrate multidimensional traffic metrics (e.g. flow rate, congestion estimation) over OSM by processing 22 traffic cameras from London streets. The system achieves a near-real-time performance of 1.42 seconds median latency and an average F-score of 0.80.      
### 20.Active Object Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00923.pdf)
>  In this work, we investigate an Active Object Search (AOS) task that is not explicitly addressed in the literature; it aims to actively performs as few action steps as possible to search and locate the target object in a 3D indoor scene. Different from classic object detection that passively receives visual information, this task encourages an intelligent agent to perform active search via reasonable action planning; thus it can better recall the target objects, especially for the challenging situations that the target is far from the agent, blocked by an obstacle and out of view. To handle this cross-modal task, we formulate a reinforcement learning framework that consists of a 3D object detector, a state controller and a cross-modal action planner to work cooperatively to find out the target object with minimal action steps. During training, we design a novel cost-sensitive active search reward that penalizes inaccurate object search and redundant action steps. To evaluate this novel task, we construct an Active Object Search (AOS) benchmark that contains 5,845 samples from 30 diverse indoor scenes. We conduct extensive qualitative and quantitative evaluations on this benchmark to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach and analyze the key factors that contribute more to address this task.      
### 21.Explainable Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00916.pdf)
>  Explainable face recognition is the problem of explaining why a facial matcher matches faces. In this paper, we provide the first comprehensive benchmark and baseline evaluation for explainable face recognition. We define a new evaluation protocol called the ``inpainting game'', which is a curated set of 3648 triplets (probe, mate, nonmate) of 95 subjects, which differ by synthetically inpainting a chosen facial characteristic like the nose, eyebrows or mouth creating an inpainted nonmate. An explainable face matcher is tasked with generating a network attention map which best explains which regions in a probe image match with a mated image, and not with an inpainted nonmate for each triplet. This provides ground truth for quantifying what image regions contribute to face matching. Furthermore, we provide a comprehensive benchmark on this dataset comparing five state of the art methods for network attention in face recognition on three facial matchers. This benchmark includes two new algorithms for network attention called subtree EBP and Density-based Input Sampling for Explanation (DISE) which outperform the state of the art by a wide margin. Finally, we show qualitative visualization of these network attention techniques on novel images, and explore how these explainable face recognition models can improve transparency and trust for facial matchers.      
### 22.Color Texture Image Retrieval Based on Copula Multivariate Modeling in the Shearlet Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00910.pdf)
>  In this paper, a color texture image retrieval framework is proposed based on Shearlet domain modeling using Copula multivariate model. In the proposed framework, Gaussian Copula is used to model the dependencies between different sub-bands of the Non Subsample Shearlet Transform (NSST) and non-Gaussian models are used for marginal modeling of the coefficients. Six different schemes are proposed for modeling NSST coefficients based on the four types of neighboring defined; moreover, Kullback Leibler Divergence(KLD) close form is calculated in different situations for the two Gaussian Copula and non Gaussian functions in order to investigate the similarities in the proposed retrieval framework. The Jeffery divergence (JD) criterion, which is a symmetrical version of KLD, is used for investigating similarities in the proposed framework. We have implemented our experiments on four texture image retrieval benchmark datasets, the results of which show the superiority of the proposed framework over the existing state-of-the-art methods. In addition, the retrieval time of the proposed framework is also analyzed in the two steps of feature extraction and similarity matching, which also shows that the proposed framework enjoys an appropriate retrieval time.      
### 23.Fusion of Deep and Non-Deep Methods for Fast Super-Resolution of Satellite Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00878.pdf)
>  In the emerging commercial space industry there is a drastic increase in access to low cost satellite imagery. The price for satellite images depends on the sensor quality and revisit rate. This work proposes to bridge the gap between image quality and the price by improving the image quality via super-resolution (SR). Recently, a number of deep SR techniques have been proposed to enhance satellite images. However, none of these methods utilize the region-level context information, giving equal importance to each region in the image. This, along with the fact that most state-of-the-art SR methods are complex and cumbersome deep models, the time taken to process very large satellite images can be impractically high. We, propose to handle this challenge by designing an SR framework that analyzes the regional information content on each patch of the low-resolution image and judiciously chooses to use more computationally complex deep models to super-resolve more structure-rich regions on the image, while using less resource-intensive non-deep methods on non-salient regions. Through extensive experiments on a large satellite image, we show substantial decrease in inference time while achieving similar performance to that of existing deep SR methods over several evaluation measures like PSNR, MSE and SSIM.      
### 24.Adversarial Graph Representation Adaptation for Cross-Domain Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00859.pdf)
>  Data inconsistency and bias are inevitable among different facial expression recognition (FER) datasets due to subjective annotating process and different collecting conditions. Recent works resort to adversarial mechanisms that learn domain-invariant features to mitigate domain shift. However, most of these works focus on holistic feature adaptation, and they ignore local features that are more transferable across different datasets. Moreover, local features carry more detailed and discriminative content for expression recognition, and thus integrating local features may enable fine-grained adaptation. In this work, we propose a novel Adversarial Graph Representation Adaptation (AGRA) framework that unifies graph representation propagation with adversarial learning for cross-domain holistic-local feature co-adaptation. To achieve this, we first build a graph to correlate holistic and local regions within each domain and another graph to correlate these regions across different domains. Then, we learn the per-class statistical distribution of each domain and extract holistic-local features from the input image to initialize the corresponding graph nodes. Finally, we introduce two stacked graph convolution networks to propagate holistic-local feature within each domain to explore their interaction and across different domains for holistic-local feature co-adaptation. In this way, the AGRA framework can adaptively learn fine-grained domain-invariant features and thus facilitate cross-domain expression recognition. We conduct extensive and fair experiments on several popular benchmarks and show that the proposed AGRA framework achieves superior performance over previous state-of-the-art methods.      
### 25.LSOTB-TIR:A Large-Scale High-Diversity Thermal Infrared Object Tracking Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00836.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a Large-Scale and high-diversity general Thermal InfraRed (TIR) Object Tracking Benchmark, called LSOTBTIR, which consists of an evaluation dataset and a training dataset with a total of 1,400 TIR sequences and more than 600K frames. We annotate the bounding box of objects in every frame of all sequences and generate over 730K bounding boxes in total. To the best of our knowledge, LSOTB-TIR is the largest and most diverse TIR object tracking benchmark to date. To evaluate a tracker on different attributes, we define 4 scenario attributes and 12 challenge attributes in the evaluation dataset. By releasing LSOTB-TIR, we encourage the community to develop deep learning based TIR trackers and evaluate them fairly and comprehensively. We evaluate and analyze more than 30 trackers on LSOTB-TIR to provide a series of baselines, and the results show that deep trackers achieve promising performance. Furthermore, we re-train several representative deep trackers on LSOTB-TIR, and their results demonstrate that the proposed training dataset significantly improves the performance of deep TIR trackers. Codes and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/QiaoLiuHit/LSOTB-TIR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.Deep Network Ensemble Learning applied to Image Classification using CNN Trees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00829.pdf)
>  Traditional machine learning approaches may fail to perform satisfactorily when dealing with complex data. In this context, the importance of data mining evolves w.r.t. building an efficient knowledge discovery and mining framework. Ensemble learning is aimed at integration of fusion, modeling and mining of data into a unified model. However, traditional ensemble learning methods are complex and have optimization or tuning problems. In this paper, we propose a simple, sequential, efficient, ensemble learning approach using multiple deep networks. The deep network used in the ensembles is ResNet50. The model draws inspiration from binary decision/classification trees. The proposed approach is compared against the baseline viz. the single classifier approach i.e. using a single multiclass ResNet50 on the ImageNet and Natural Images datasets. Our approach outperforms the baseline on all experiments on the ImageNet dataset. Code is available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mueedhafiz1982/CNNTreeEnsemble.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 27.Defining Traffic States using Spatio-temporal Traffic Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00827.pdf)
>  Intersections are one of the main sources of congestion and hence, it is important to understand traffic behavior at intersections. Particularly, in developing countries with high vehicle density, mixed traffic type, and lane-less driving behavior, it is difficult to distinguish between congested and normal traffic behavior. In this work, we propose a way to understand the traffic state of smaller spatial regions at intersections using traffic graphs. The way these traffic graphs evolve over time reveals different traffic states - a) a congestion is forming (clumping), the congestion is dispersing (unclumping), or c) the traffic is flowing normally (neutral). We train a spatio-temporal deep network to identify these changes. Also, we introduce a large dataset called EyeonTraffic (EoT) containing 3 hours of aerial videos collected at 3 busy intersections in Ahmedabad, India. Our experiments on the EoT dataset show that the traffic graphs can help in correctly identifying congestion-prone behavior in different spatial regions of an intersection.      
### 28.DSC IIT-ISM at SemEval-2020 Task 8: Bi-Fusion Techniques for Deep Meme Emotion Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00825.pdf)
>  Memes have become an ubiquitous social media entity and the processing and analysis of suchmultimodal data is currently an active area of research. This paper presents our work on theMemotion Analysis shared task of SemEval 2020, which involves the sentiment and humoranalysis of memes. We propose a system which uses different bimodal fusion techniques toleverage the inter-modal dependency for sentiment and humor classification tasks. Out of all ourexperiments, the best system improved the baseline with macro F1 scores of 0.357 on SentimentClassification (Task A), 0.510 on Humor Classification (Task B) and 0.312 on Scales of SemanticClasses (Task C).      
### 29.Rethinking Image Deraining via Rain Streaks and Vapors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00823.pdf)
>  Single image deraining regards an input image as a fusion of a background image, a transmission map, rain streaks, and atmosphere light. While advanced models are proposed for image restoration (i.e., background image generation), they regard rain streaks with the same properties as background rather than transmission medium. As vapors (i.e., rain streaks accumulation or fog-like rain) are conveyed in the transmission map to model the veiling effect, the fusion of rain streaks and vapors do not naturally reflect the rain image formation. In this work, we reformulate rain streaks as transmission medium together with vapors to model rain imaging. We propose an encoder-decoder CNN named as SNet to learn the transmission map of rain streaks. As rain streaks appear with various shapes and directions, we use ShuffleNet units within SNet to capture their anisotropic representations. As vapors are brought by rain streaks, we propose a VNet containing spatial pyramid pooling (SSP) to predict the transmission map of vapors in multi-scales based on that of rain streaks. Meanwhile, we use an encoder CNN named ANet to estimate atmosphere light. The SNet, VNet, and ANet are jointly trained to predict transmission maps and atmosphere light for rain image restoration. Extensive experiments on the benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed visual model to predict rain streaks and vapors. The proposed deraining method performs favorably against state-of-the-art deraining approaches.      
### 30.Experimental results on palmvein-based personal recognition by multi-snapshot fusion of textural features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00821.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate multiple snapshot fusion of textural features for palmvein recognition including identification and verification. Although the literature proposed several approaches for palmvein recognition, the palmvein performance is still affected by identification and verification errors. As well-known, palmveins are usually described by line-based methods which enhance the vein flow. This is claimed to be unique from person to person. However, palmvein images are also characterized by texture that can be pointed out by textural features, which relies on recent and efficient hand-crafted algorithms such as Local Binary Patterns, Local Phase Quantization, Local Tera Pattern, Local directional Pattern, and Binarized Statistical Image Features (LBP, LPQ, LTP, LDP and BSIF, respectively), among others. Finally, they can be easily managed at feature-level fusion, when more than one sample can be acquired for recognition. Therefore, multi-snapshot fusion can be adopted for exploiting these features complementarity. Our goal is to show that this is confirmed for palmvein recognition, thus allowing to achieve very high recognition rates on a well-known benchmark data set.      
### 31.Generating Visually Aligned Sound from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00820.pdf)
>  We focus on the task of generating sound from natural videos, and the sound should be both temporally and content-wise aligned with visual signals. This task is extremely challenging because some sounds generated \emph{outside} a camera can not be inferred from video content. The model may be forced to learn an incorrect mapping between visual content and these irrelevant sounds. To address this challenge, we propose a framework named REGNET. In this framework, we first extract appearance and motion features from video frames to better distinguish the object that emits sound from complex background information. We then introduce an innovative audio forwarding regularizer that directly considers the real sound as input and outputs bottlenecked sound features. Using both visual and bottlenecked sound features for sound prediction during training provides stronger supervision for the sound prediction. The audio forwarding regularizer can control the irrelevant sound component and thus prevent the model from learning an incorrect mapping between video frames and sound emitted by the object that is out of the screen. During testing, the audio forwarding regularizer is removed to ensure that REGNET can produce purely aligned sound only from visual features. Extensive evaluations based on Amazon Mechanical Turk demonstrate that our method significantly improves both temporal and content-wise alignment. Remarkably, our generated sound can fool the human with a 68.12% success rate. Code and pre-trained models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PeihaoChen/regnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 32.Tell me what this is: Few-Shot Incremental Object Learning by a Robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00819.pdf)
>  For many applications, robots will need to be incrementally trained to recognize the specific objects needed for an application. This paper presents a practical system for incrementally training a robot to recognize different object categories using only a small set of visual examples provided by a human. The paper uses a recently developed state-of-the-art method for few-shot incremental learning of objects. After learning the object classes incrementally, the robot performs a table cleaning task organizing objects into categories specified by the human. We also demonstrate the system's ability to learn arrangements of objects and predict missing or incorrectly placed objects. Experimental evaluations demonstrate that our approach achieves nearly the same performance as a system trained with all examples at one time (batch training), which constitutes a theoretical upper bound.      
### 33.Partially Supervised Multi-Task Network for Single-View Dietary Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00818.pdf)
>  Food volume estimation is an essential step in the pipeline of dietary assessment and demands the precise depth estimation of the food surface and table plane. Existing methods based on computer vision require either multi-image input or additional depth maps, reducing convenience of implementation and practical significance. Despite the recent advances in unsupervised depth estimation from a single image, the achieved performance in the case of large texture-less areas needs to be improved. In this paper, we propose a network architecture that jointly performs geometric understanding (i.e., depth prediction and 3D plane estimation) and semantic prediction on a single food image, enabling a robust and accurate food volume estimation regardless of the texture characteristics of the target plane. For the training of the network, only monocular videos with semantic ground truth are required, while the depth map and 3D plane ground truth are no longer needed. Experimental results on two separate food image databases demonstrate that our method performs robustly on texture-less scenarios and is superior to unsupervised networks and structure from motion based approaches, while it achieves comparable performance to fully-supervised methods.      
### 34.Kinematics of motion tracking using computer vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00813.pdf)
>  This paper describes the kinematics of the motion tracking of a rigid body using video recording. The novelty of the paper is on the adaptation of the methods and nomenclature used in Computer Vision to those used in Multibody System Dynamics. That way, the equations presented here can be used, for example, for inverse-dynamics multibody simulations driven by the motion tracking of selected bodies. This paper also adapts the well-known Zhang calibration method to the presented nomenclature.      
### 35.CASNet: Common Attribute Support Network for image instance and panoptic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00810.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation and panoptic segmentation is being paid more and more attention in recent years. In comparison with bounding box based object detection and semantic segmentation, instance segmentation can provide more analytical results at pixel level. Given the insight that pixels belonging to one instance have one or more common attributes of current instance, we bring up an one-stage instance segmentation network named Common Attribute Support Network (CASNet), which realizes instance segmentation by predicting and clustering common attributes. CASNet is designed in the manner of fully convolutional and can implement training and inference from end to end. And CASNet manages predicting the instance without overlaps and holes, which problem exists in most of current instance segmentation algorithms. Furthermore, it can be easily extended to panoptic segmentation through minor modifications with little computation overhead. CASNet builds a bridge between semantic and instance segmentation from finding pixel class ID to obtaining class and instance ID by operations on common attribute. Through experiment for instance and panoptic segmentation, CASNet gets mAP 32.8% and PQ 59.0% on Cityscapes validation dataset by joint training, and mAP 36.3% and PQ 66.1% by separated training mode. For panoptic segmentation, CASNet gets state-of-the-art performance on the Cityscapes validation dataset.      
### 36.Adding Seemingly Uninformative Labels Helps in Low Data Regimes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00807.pdf)
>  Evidence suggests that networks trained on large datasets generalize well not solely because of the numerous training examples, but also class diversity which encourages learning of enriched features. This raises the question of whether this remains true when data is scarce - is there an advantage to learning with additional labels in low-data regimes? In this work, we consider a task that requires difficult-to-obtain expert annotations: tumor segmentation in mammography images. We show that, in low-data settings, performance can be improved by complementing the expert annotations with seemingly uninformative labels from non-expert annotators, turning the task into a multi-class problem. We reveal that these gains increase when less expert data is available, and uncover several interesting properties through further studies. We demonstrate our findings on CSAW-S, a new dataset that we introduce here, and confirm them on two public datasets.      
### 37.Real-Time Point Cloud Fusion of Multi-LiDAR Infrastructure Sensor Setups with Unknown Spatial Location and Orientation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00801.pdf)
>  The use of infrastructure sensor technology for traffic detection has already been proven several times. However, extrinsic sensor calibration is still a challenge for the operator. While previous approaches are unable to calibrate the sensors without the use of reference objects in the sensor field of view (FOV), we present an algorithm that is completely detached from external assistance and runs fully automatically. Our method focuses on the high-precision fusion of LiDAR point clouds and is evaluated in simulation as well as on real measurements. We set the LiDARs in a continuous pendulum motion in order to simulate real-world operation as closely as possible and to increase the demands on the algorithm. However, it does not receive any information about the initial spatial location and orientation of the LiDARs throughout the entire measurement period. Experiments in simulation as well as with real measurements have shown that our algorithm performs a continuous point cloud registration of up to four 64-layer LiDARs in real-time. The averaged resulting translational error is within a few centimeters and the averaged error in rotation is below 0.15 degrees.      
### 38.Dynamic and Static Context-aware LSTM for Multi-agent Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00777.pdf)
>  Multi-agent motion prediction is challenging because it aims to foresee the future trajectories of multiple agents (\textit{e.g.} pedestrians) simultaneously in a complicated scene. Existing work addressed this challenge by either learning social spatial interactions represented by the positions of a group of pedestrians, while ignoring their temporal coherence (\textit{i.e.} dependencies between different long trajectories), or by understanding the complicated scene layout (\textit{e.g.} scene segmentation) to ensure safe navigation. However, unlike previous work that isolated the spatial interaction, temporal coherence, and scene layout, this paper designs a new mechanism, \textit{i.e.}, Dynamic and Static Context-aware Motion Predictor (DSCMP), to integrates these rich information into the long-short-term-memory (LSTM). It has three appealing benefits. (1) DSCMP models the dynamic interactions between agents by learning both their spatial positions and temporal coherence, as well as understanding the contextual scene layout.(2) Different from previous LSTM models that predict motions by propagating hidden features frame by frame, limiting the capacity to learn correlations between long trajectories, we carefully design a differentiable queue mechanism in DSCMP, which is able to explicitly memorize and learn the correlations between long trajectories. (3) DSCMP captures the context of scene by inferring latent variable, which enables multimodal predictions with meaningful semantic scene layout. Extensive experiments show that DSCMP outperforms state-of-the-art methods by large margins, such as 9.05\% and 7.62\% relative improvements on the ETH-UCY and SDD datasets respectively.      
### 39.DCSFN: Deep Cross-scale Fusion Network for Single Image Rain Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00767.pdf)
>  Rain removal is an important but challenging computer vision task as rain streaks can severely degrade the visibility of images that may make other visions or multimedia tasks fail to work. Previous works mainly focused on feature extraction and processing or neural network structure, while the current rain removal methods can already achieve remarkable results, training based on single network structure without considering the cross-scale relationship may cause information drop-out. In this paper, we explore the cross-scale manner between networks and inner-scale fusion operation to solve the image rain removal task. Specifically, to learn features with different scales, we propose a multi-sub-networks structure, where these sub-networks are fused via a crossscale manner by Gate Recurrent Unit to inner-learn and make full use of information at different scales in these sub-networks. Further, we design an inner-scale connection block to utilize the multi-scale information and features fusion way between different scales to improve rain representation ability and we introduce the dense block with skip connection to inner-connect these blocks. Experimental results on both synthetic and real-world datasets have demonstrated the superiority of our proposed method, which outperforms over the state-of-the-art methods. The source code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://supercong94.wixsite.com/supercong94" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.GmFace: A Mathematical Model for Face Image Representation Using Multi-Gaussian  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00752.pdf)
>  Establishing mathematical models is a ubiquitous and effective method to understand the objective world. Due to complex physiological structures and dynamic behaviors, mathematical representation of the human face is an especially challenging task. A mathematical model for face image representation called GmFace is proposed in the form of a multi-Gaussian function in this paper. The model utilizes the advantages of two-dimensional Gaussian function which provides a symmetric bell surface with a shape that can be controlled by parameters. The GmNet is then designed using Gaussian functions as neurons, with parameters that correspond to each of the parameters of GmFace in order to transform the problem of GmFace parameter solving into a network optimization problem of GmNet. The face modeling process can be described by the following steps: (1) GmNet initialization; (2) feeding GmNet with face image(s); (3) training GmNet until convergence; (4) drawing out the parameters of GmNet (as the same as GmFace); (5) recording the face model GmFace. Furthermore, using GmFace, several face image transformation operations can be realized mathematically through simple parameter computation.      
### 41.The End-of-End-to-End: A Video Understanding Pentathlon Challenge (2020)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00744.pdf)
>  We present a new video understanding pentathlon challenge, an open competition held in conjunction with the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR) 2020. The objective of the challenge was to explore and evaluate new methods for text-to-video retrieval-the task of searching for content within a corpus of videos using natural language queries. This report summarizes the results of the first edition of the challenge together with the findings of the participants.      
### 42.AE TextSpotter: Learning Visual and Linguistic Representation for Ambiguous Text Spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00714.pdf)
>  Scene text spotting aims to detect and recognize the entire word or sentence with multiple characters in natural images. It is still challenging because ambiguity often occurs when the spacing between characters is large or the characters are evenly spread in multiple rows and columns, making many visually plausible groupings of the characters (e.g. "BERLIN" is incorrectly detected as "BERL" and "IN" in Fig. 1(c)). Unlike previous works that merely employed visual features for text detection, this work proposes a novel text spotter, named Ambiguity Eliminating Text Spotter (AE TextSpotter), which learns both visual and linguistic features to significantly reduce ambiguity in text detection. The proposed AE TextSpotter has three important benefits. 1) The linguistic representation is learned together with the visual representation in a framework. To our knowledge, it is the first time to improve text detection by using a language model. 2) A carefully designed language module is utilized to reduce the detection confidence of incorrect text lines, making them easily pruned in the detection stage. 3) Extensive experiments show that AE TextSpotter outperforms other state-of-the-art methods by a large margin. For example, we carefully select a validation set of extremely ambiguous samples from the IC19-ReCTS dataset, where our approach surpasses other methods by more than 4%. The image list and evaluation scripts of the validation set have been released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/whai362/TDA-ReCTS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.Deep Complementary Joint Model for Complex Scene Registration and Few-shot Segmentation on Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00710.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based medical image registration and segmentation joint models utilize the complementarity (augmentation data or weakly supervised data from registration, region constraints from segmentation) to bring mutual improvement in complex scene and few-shot situation. However, further adoption of the joint models are hindered: 1) the diversity of augmentation data is reduced limiting the further enhancement of segmentation, 2) misaligned regions in weakly supervised data disturb the training process, 3) lack of label-based region constraints in few-shot situation limits the registration performance. We propose a novel Deep Complementary Joint Model (DeepRS) for complex scene registration and few-shot segmentation. We embed a perturbation factor in the registration to increase the activity of deformation thus maintaining the augmentation data diversity. We take a pixel-wise discriminator to extract alignment confidence maps which highlight aligned regions in weakly supervised data so the misaligned regions' disturbance will be suppressed via weighting. The outputs from segmentation model are utilized to implement deep-based region constraints thus relieving the label requirements and bringing fine registration. Extensive experiments on the CT dataset of MM-WHS 2017 Challenge show great advantages of our DeepRS that outperforms the existing state-of-the-art models.      
### 44.Anti-Bandit Neural Architecture Search for Model Defense  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00698.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) have dominated as the best performers in machine learning, but can be challenged by adversarial attacks. In this paper, we defend against adversarial attacks using neural architecture search (NAS) which is based on a comprehensive search of denoising blocks, weight-free operations, Gabor filters and convolutions. The resulting anti-bandit NAS (ABanditNAS) incorporates a new operation evaluation measure and search process based on the lower and upper confidence bounds (LCB and UCB). Unlike the conventional bandit algorithm using UCB for evaluation only, we use UCB to abandon arms for search efficiency and LCB for a fair competition between arms. Extensive experiments demonstrate that ABanditNAS is faster than other NAS methods, while achieving an $8.73\%$ improvement over prior arts on CIFAR-10 under PGD-$7$.      
### 45.Adversarial Semantic Data Augmentation for Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00697.pdf)
>  Human pose estimation is the task of localizing body keypoints from still images. The state-of-the-art methods suffer from insufficient examples of challenging cases such as symmetric appearance, heavy occlusion and nearby person. To enlarge the amounts of challenging cases, previous methods augmented images by cropping and pasting image patches with weak semantics, which leads to unrealistic appearance and limited diversity. We instead propose Semantic Data Augmentation (SDA), a method that augments images by pasting segmented body parts with various semantic granularity. Furthermore, we propose Adversarial Semantic Data Augmentation (ASDA), which exploits a generative network to dynamiclly predict tailored pasting configuration. Given off-the-shelf pose estimation network as discriminator, the generator seeks the most confusing transformation to increase the loss of the discriminator while the discriminator takes the generated sample as input and learns from it. The whole pipeline is optimized in an adversarial manner. State-of-the-art results are achieved on challenging benchmarks.      
### 46.The pursuit of beauty: Converting image labels to meaningful vectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00665.pdf)
>  A challenge of the computer vision community is to understand the semantics of an image, in order to allow image reconstruction based on existing high-level features or to better analyze (semi-)labelled datasets. Towards addressing this challenge, this paper introduces a method, called Occlusion-based Latent Representations (OLR), for converting image labels to meaningful representations that capture a significant amount of data semantics. Besides being informational rich, these representations compose a disentangled low-dimensional latent space where each image label is encoded into a separate vector. We evaluate the quality of these representations in a series of experiments whose results suggest that the proposed model can capture data concepts and discover data interrelations.      
### 47.PIC-Net: Point Cloud and Image Collaboration Network for Large-Scale Place Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00658.pdf)
>  Place recognition is one of the hot research fields in automation technology and is still an open issue, Camera and Lidar are two mainstream sensors used in this task, Camera-based methods are easily affected by illumination and season changes, LIDAR cannot get the rich data as the image could , In this paper, we propose the PIC-Net (Point cloud and Image Collaboration Network), which use attention mechanism to fuse the features of image and point cloud, and mine the complementary information between the two. Furthermore, in order to improve the recognition performance at night, we transform the night image into the daytime style. Comparison results show that the collaboration of image and point cloud outperform both image-based and point cloud-based method, the attention strategy and day-night-transform could further improve the performance.      
### 48.Self-supervised Object Tracking with Cycle-consistent Siamese Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00637.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning for visual object tracking possesses valuable advantages compared to supervised learning, such as the non-necessity of laborious human annotations and online training. In this work, we exploit an end-to-end Siamese network in a cycle-consistent self-supervised framework for object tracking. Self-supervision can be performed by taking advantage of the cycle consistency in the forward and backward tracking. To better leverage the end-to-end learning of deep networks, we propose to integrate a Siamese region proposal and mask regression network in our tracking framework so that a fast and more accurate tracker can be learned without the annotation of each frame. The experiments on the VOT dataset for visual object tracking and on the DAVIS dataset for video object segmentation propagation show that our method outperforms prior approaches on both tasks.      
### 49.Deep Photo Cropper and Enhancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00634.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a new type of image enhancement problem. Compared to traditional image enhancement methods, which mostly deal with pixel-wise modifications of a given photo, our proposed task is to crop an image which is embedded within a photo and enhance the quality of the cropped image. We split our proposed approach into two deep networks: deep photo cropper and deep image enhancer. In the photo cropper network, we employ a spatial transformer to extract the embedded image. In the photo enhancer, we employ super-resolution to increase the number of pixels in the embedded image and reduce the effect of stretching and distortion of pixels. We use cosine distance loss between image features and ground truth for the cropper and the mean square loss for the enhancer. Furthermore, we propose a new dataset to train and test the proposed method. Finally, we analyze the proposed method with respect to qualitative and quantitative evaluations.      
### 50.Learning to Purify Noisy Labels via Meta Soft Label Corrector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00627.pdf)
>  Recent deep neural networks (DNNs) can easily overfit to biased training data with noisy labels. Label correction strategy is commonly used to alleviate this issue by designing a method to identity suspected noisy labels and then correct them. Current approaches to correcting corrupted labels usually need certain pre-defined label correction rules or manually preset hyper-parameters. These fixed settings make it hard to apply in practice since the accurate label correction usually related with the concrete problem, training data and the temporal information hidden in dynamic iterations of training process. To address this issue, we propose a meta-learning model which could estimate soft labels through meta-gradient descent step under the guidance of noise-free meta data. By viewing the label correction procedure as a meta-process and using a meta-learner to automatically correct labels, we could adaptively obtain rectified soft labels iteratively according to current training problems without manually preset hyper-parameters. Besides, our method is model-agnostic and we can combine it with any other existing model with ease. Comprehensive experiments substantiate the superiority of our method in both synthetic and real-world problems with noisy labels compared with current SOTA label correction strategies.      
### 51.Robust Collaborative Learning of Patch-level and Image-level Annotations for Diabetic Retinopathy Grading from Fundus Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00610.pdf)
>  Currently, diabetic retinopathy (DR) grading from fundus images has attracted incremental interests in both academic and industrial communities. Most convolutional neural networks (CNNs) based algorithms treat DR grading as a classification task via image-level annotations. However, they have not fully explored the valuable information from the DR-related lesions. In this paper, we present a robust framework, which can collaboratively utilize both patch-level lesion and image-level grade annotations, for DR severity grading. By end-to-end optimizing the entire framework, the fine-grained lesion and image-level grade information can be bidirectionally exchanged to exploit more discriminative features for DR grading. Compared with the recent state-of-the-art algorithms and three over 9-years clinical experienced ophthalmologists, the proposed algorithm shows favorable performance. Testing on the datasets from totally different scenarios and distributions (such as label and camera), our algorithm is proved robust in facing image quality and distribution problems that commonly exist in real-world practice. Extensive ablation studies dissect the proposed framework and indicate the effectiveness and necessity of each motivation. The code and some valuable annotations are now publicly available.      
### 52.Semi-supervised deep learning based on label propagation in a 2D embedded space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00558.pdf)
>  While convolutional neural networks need large labeled sets for training images, expert human supervision of such datasets can be very laborious. Proposed solutions propagate labels from a small set of supervised images to a large set of unsupervised ones to obtain sufficient truly-and-artificially labeled samples to train a deep neural network model. Yet, such solutions need many supervised images for validation. We present a loop in which a deep neural network (VGG-16) is trained from a set with more correctly labeled samples along iterations, created by using t-SNE to project the features of its last max-pooling layer into a 2D embedded space in which labels are propagated using the Optimum-Path Forest semi-supervised classifier. As the labeled set improves along iterations, it improves the features of the neural network. We show that this can significantly improve classification results on test data (using only 1\% to 5\% of supervised samples) of three private challenging datasets and two public ones.      
### 53.Efficient Deep Learning of Non-local Features for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00542.pdf)
>  Deep learning based methods, such as Convolution Neural Network (CNN), have demonstrated their efficiency in hyperspectral image (HSI) classification. These methods can automatically learn spectral-spatial discriminative features within local patches. However, for each pixel in an HSI, it is not only related to its nearby pixels but also has connections to pixels far away from itself. Therefore, to incorporate the long-range contextual information, a deep fully convolutional network (FCN) with an efficient non-local module, named ENL-FCN, is proposed for HSI classification. In the proposed framework, a deep FCN considers an entire HSI as input and extracts spectral-spatial information in a local receptive field. The efficient non-local module is embedded in the network as a learning unit to capture the long-range contextual information. Different from the traditional non-local neural networks, the long-range contextual information is extracted in a specially designed criss-cross path for computation efficiency. Furthermore, by using a recurrent operation, each pixel's response is aggregated from all pixels of HSI. The benefits of our proposed ENL-FCN are threefold: 1) the long-range contextual information is incorporated effectively, 2) the efficient module can be freely embedded in a deep neural network in a plug-and-play fashion, and 3) it has much fewer learning parameters and requires less computational resources. The experiments conducted on three popular HSI datasets demonstrate that the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art classification performance with lower computational cost in comparison with several leading deep neural networks for HSI.      
### 54.Integrated monitoring of ice in selected Swiss lakes. Final project report  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00512.pdf)
>  Various lake observables, including lake ice, are related to climate and climate change and provide a good opportunity for long-term monitoring. Lakes (and as part of them lake ice) is therefore considered an Essential Climate Variable (ECV) of the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS). Following the need for an integrated multi-temporal monitoring of lake ice in Switzerland, MeteoSwiss in the framework of GCOS Switzerland supported this 2-year project to explore not only the use of satellite images but also the possibilities of Webcams and in-situ measurements. The aim of this project is to monitor some target lakes and detect the extent of ice and especially the ice-on/off dates, with focus on the integration of various input data and processing methods. The target lakes are: St. Moritz, Silvaplana, Sils, Sihl, Greifen and Aegeri, whereby only the first four were mainly frozen during the observation period and thus processed. The observation period was mainly the winter 2016-17. During the project, various approaches were developed, implemented, tested and compared. Firstly, low spatial resolution (250 - 1000 m) but high temporal resolution (1 day) satellite images from the optical sensors MODIS and VIIRS were used. Secondly, and as a pilot project, the use of existing public Webcams was investigated for (a) validation of results from satellite data, and (b) independent estimation of lake ice, especially for small lakes like St. Moritz, that could not be possibly monitored in the satellite images. Thirdly, in-situ measurements were made in order to characterize the development of the temperature profiles and partly pressure before freezing and under the ice-cover until melting. This report presents the results of the project work.      
### 55.HyperFaceNet: A Hyperspectral Face Recognition Method Based on Deep Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00498.pdf)
>  Face recognition has already been well studied under the visible light and the infrared,in both intra-spectral and cross-spectral cases. However, how to fuse different light bands, i.e., hyperspectral face recognition, is still an open research problem, which has the advantages of richer information retaining and all-weather functionality over single band face recognition. Among the very few works for hyperspectral face recognition, traditional non-deep learning techniques are largely used. Thus, we in this paper bring deep learning into the topic of hyperspectral face recognition, and propose a new fusion model (termed HyperFaceNet) especially for hyperspectral faces. The proposed fusion model is characterized by residual dense learning, a feedback style encoder and a recognition-oriented loss function. During the experiments, our method is proved to be of higher recognition rates than face recognition using either visible light or the infrared. Moreover, our fusion model is shown to be superior to other general-purposed image fusion methods including state-of-the-arts, in terms of both image quality and recognition performance.      
### 56.Tensor Low-Rank Reconstruction for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00490.pdf)
>  Context information plays an indispensable role in the success of semantic segmentation. Recently, non-local self-attention based methods are proved to be effective for context information collection. Since the desired context consists of spatial-wise and channel-wise attentions, 3D representation is an appropriate formulation. However, these non-local methods describe 3D context information based on a 2D similarity matrix, where space compression may lead to channel-wise attention missing. An alternative is to model the contextual information directly without compression. However, this effort confronts a fundamental difficulty, namely the high-rank property of context information. In this paper, we propose a new approach to model the 3D context representations, which not only avoids the space compression but also tackles the high-rank difficulty. Here, inspired by tensor canonical-polyadic decomposition theory (i.e, a high-rank tensor can be expressed as a combination of rank-1 tensors.), we design a low-rank-to-high-rank context reconstruction framework (i.e, RecoNet). Specifically, we first introduce the tensor generation module (TGM), which generates a number of rank-1 tensors to capture fragments of context feature. Then we use these rank-1 tensors to recover the high-rank context features through our proposed tensor reconstruction module (TRM). Extensive experiments show that our method achieves state-of-the-art on various public datasets. Additionally, our proposed method has more than 100 times less computational cost compared with conventional non-local-based methods.      
### 57.SymmetryNet: Learning to Predict Reflectional and Rotational Symmetries of 3D Shapes from Single-View RGB-D Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00485.pdf)
>  We study the problem of symmetry detection of 3D shapes from single-view RGB-D images, where severe missing data renders geometric detection approach infeasible. We propose an end-to-end deep neural network which is able to predict both reflectional and rotational symmetries of 3D objects present in the input RGB-D image. Directly training a deep model for symmetry prediction, however, can quickly run into the issue of overfitting. We adopt a multi-task learning approach. Aside from symmetry axis prediction, our network is also trained to predict symmetry correspondences. In particular, given the 3D points present in the RGB-D image, our network outputs for each 3D point its symmetric counterpart corresponding to a specific predicted symmetry. In addition, our network is able to detect for a given shape multiple symmetries of different types. We also contribute a benchmark of 3D symmetry detection based on single-view RGB-D images. Extensive evaluation on the benchmark demonstrates the strong generalization ability of our method, in terms of high accuracy of both symmetry axis prediction and counterpart estimation. In particular, our method is robust in handling unseen object instances with large variation in shape, multi-symmetry composition, as well as novel object categories.      
### 58.Mask Point R-CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00460.pdf)
>  The attributes of object contours has great significance for instance segmentation task. However, most of the current popular deep neural networks do not pay much attention to the target edge information. Inspired by the human annotation process when making instance segmentation datasets, in this paper, we propose Mask Point RCNN aiming at promoting the neural networks attention to the target edge information, which can heighten the information propagates between multiple tasks by using different attributes features. Specifically, we present an auxiliary task to Mask RCNN, including utilizing keypoint detection technology to construct the target edge contour, and enhancing the sensitivity of the network to the object edge through multi task learning and feature fusion. These improvements are easy to implement and have a small amount of additional computing overhead. By extensive evaluations on the Cityscapes dataset, the results show that our approach outperforms vanilla Mask RCNN by 5.4 on the validation subset and 5.0 on the test subset.      
### 59.Video Super-Resolution with Recurrent Structure-Detail Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00455.pdf)
>  Most video super-resolution methods super-resolve a single reference frame with the help of neighboring frames in a temporal sliding window. They are less efficient compared to the recurrent-based methods. In this work, we propose a novel recurrent video super-resolution method which is both effective and efficient in exploiting previous frames to super-resolve the current frame. It divides the input into structure and detail components which are fed to a recurrent unit composed of several proposed two-stream structure-detail blocks. In addition, a hidden state adaptation module that allows the current frame to selectively use information from hidden state is introduced to enhance its robustness to appearance change and error accumulation. Extensive ablation study validate the effectiveness of the proposed modules. Experiments on several benchmark datasets demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed method compared to state-of-the-art methods on video super-resolution.      
### 60.Stochastic Bundle Adjustment for Efficient and Scalable 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00446.pdf)
>  Current bundle adjustment solvers such as the Levenberg-Marquardt (LM) algorithm are limited by the bottleneck in solving the Reduced Camera System (RCS) whose dimension is proportional to the camera number. When the problem is scaled up, this step is neither efficient in computation nor manageable for a single compute node. In this work, we propose a stochastic bundle adjustment algorithm which seeks to decompose the RCS approximately inside the LM iterations to improve the efficiency and scalability. It first reformulates the quadratic programming problem of an LM iteration based on the clustering of the visibility graph by introducing the equality constraints across clusters. Then, we propose to relax it into a chance constrained problem and solve it through sampled convex program. The relaxation is intended to eliminate the interdependence between clusters embodied by the constraints, so that a large RCS can be decomposed into independent linear sub-problems. Numerical experiments on unordered Internet image sets and sequential SLAM image sets, as well as distributed experiments on large-scale datasets, have demonstrated the high efficiency and scalability of the proposed approach. Codes are released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zlthinker/STBA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 61.Blind Face Restoration via Deep Multi-scale Component Dictionaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00418.pdf)
>  Recent reference-based face restoration methods have received considerable attention due to their great capability in recovering high-frequency details on real low-quality images. However, most of these methods require a high-quality reference image of the same identity, making them only applicable in limited scenes. To address this issue, this paper suggests a deep face dictionary network (termed as DFDNet) to guide the restoration process of degraded observations. To begin with, we use K-means to generate deep dictionaries for perceptually significant face components (\ie, left/right eyes, nose and mouth) from high-quality images. Next, with the degraded input, we match and select the most similar component features from their corresponding dictionaries and transfer the high-quality details to the input via the proposed dictionary feature transfer (DFT) block. In particular, component AdaIN is leveraged to eliminate the style diversity between the input and dictionary features (\eg, illumination), and a confidence score is proposed to adaptively fuse the dictionary feature to the input. Finally, multi-scale dictionaries are adopted in a progressive manner to enable the coarse-to-fine restoration. Experiments show that our proposed method can achieve plausible performance in both quantitative and qualitative evaluation, and more importantly, can generate realistic and promising results on real degraded images without requiring an identity-belonging reference. The source code and models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/csxmli2016/DFDNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 62.Removing Backdoor-Based Watermarks in Neural Networks with Limited Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00407.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been widely applied and achieved great success in various fields. As training deep models usually consumes massive data and computational resources, trading the trained deep models is highly demanded and lucrative nowadays. Unfortunately, the naive trading schemes typically involves potential risks related to copyright and trustworthiness issues, e.g., a sold model can be illegally resold to others without further authorization to reap huge profits. To tackle this problem, various watermarking techniques are proposed to protect the model intellectual property, amongst which the backdoor-based watermarking is the most commonly-used one. However, the robustness of these watermarking approaches is not well evaluated under realistic settings, such as limited in-distribution data availability and agnostic of watermarking patterns. In this paper, we benchmark the robustness of watermarking, and propose a novel backdoor-based watermark removal framework using limited data, dubbed WILD. The proposed WILD removes the watermarks of deep models with only a small portion of training data, and the output model can perform the same as models trained from scratch without watermarks injected. In particular, a novel data augmentation method is utilized to mimic the behavior of watermark triggers. Combining with the distribution alignment between the normal and perturbed (e.g., occluded) data in the feature space, our approach generalizes well on all typical types of trigger contents. The experimental results demonstrate that our approach can effectively remove the watermarks without compromising the deep model performance for the original task with the limited access to training data.      
### 63.SeqDialN: Sequential Visual Dialog Networks in Joint Visual-Linguistic Representation Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00397.pdf)
>  In this work, we formulate a visual dialog as an information flow in which each piece of information is encoded with the joint visual-linguistic representation of a single dialog round. Based on this formulation, we consider the visual dialog task as a sequence problem consisting of ordered visual-linguistic vectors. For featurization, we use a Dense Symmetric Co-Attention network as a lightweight vison-language joint representation generator to fuse multimodal features (i.e., image and text), yielding better computation and data efficiencies. For inference, we propose two Sequential Dialog Networks (SeqDialN): the first uses LSTM for information propagation (IP) and the second uses a modified Transformer for multi-step reasoning (MR). Our architecture separates the complexity of multimodal feature fusion from that of inference, which allows simpler design of the inference engine. IP based SeqDialN is our baseline with a simple 2-layer LSTM design that achieves decent performance. MR based SeqDialN, on the other hand, recurrently refines the semantic question/history representations through the self-attention stack of Transformer and produces promising results on the visual dialog task. On VisDial v1.0 test-std dataset, our best single generative SeqDialN achieves 62.54% NDCG and 48.63% MRR; our ensemble generative SeqDialN achieves 63.78% NDCG and 49.98% MRR, which set a new state-of-the-art generative visual dialog model. We fine-tune discriminative SeqDialN with dense annotations and boost the performance up to 72.41% NDCG and 55.11% MRR. In this work, we discuss the extensive experiments we have conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of our model components. We also provide visualization for the reasoning process from the relevant conversation rounds and discuss our fine-tuning methods. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiaoxiaoheimei/SeqDialN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 64.Point Cloud Completion by Learning Shape Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00394.pdf)
>  In view of the difficulty in reconstructing object details in point cloud completion, we propose a shape prior learning method for object completion. The shape priors include geometric information in both complete and the partial point clouds. We design a feature alignment strategy to learn the shape prior from complete points, and a coarse to fine strategy to incorporate partial prior in the fine stage. To learn the complete objects prior, we first train a point cloud auto-encoder to extract the latent embeddings from complete points. Then we learn a mapping to transfer the point features from partial points to that of the complete points by optimizing feature alignment losses. The feature alignment losses consist of a L2 distance and an adversarial loss obtained by Maximum Mean Discrepancy Generative Adversarial Network (MMD-GAN). The L2 distance optimizes the partial features towards the complete ones in the feature space, and MMD-GAN decreases the statistical distance of two point features in a Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space. We achieve state-of-the-art performances on the point cloud completion task. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiaogangw/point-cloud-completion-shape-prior" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 65.Looking in the Right place for Anomalies: Explainable AI through Automatic Location Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00363.pdf)
>  Deep learning has now become the de facto approach to the recognition of anomalies in medical imaging. Their 'black box' way of classifying medical images into anomaly labels poses problems for their acceptance, particularly with clinicians. Current explainable AI methods offer justifications through visualizations such as heat maps but cannot guarantee that the network is focusing on the relevant image region fully containing the anomaly. In this paper, we develop an approach to explainable AI in which the anomaly is assured to be overlapping the expected location when present. This is made possible by automatically extracting location-specific labels from textual reports and learning the association of expected locations to labels using a hybrid combination of Bi-Directional Long Short-Term Memory Recurrent Neural Networks (Bi-LSTM) and DenseNet-121. Use of this expected location to bias the subsequent attention-guided inference network based on ResNet101 results in the isolation of the anomaly at the expected location when present. The method is evaluated on a large chest X-ray dataset.      
### 66.Animating Through Warping: an Efficient Method for High-Quality Facial Expression Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00362.pdf)
>  Advances in deep neural networks have considerably improved the art of animating a still image without operating in 3D domain. Whereas, prior arts can only animate small images (typically no larger than 512x512) due to memory limitations, difficulty of training and lack of high-resolution (HD) training datasets, which significantly reduce their potential for applications in movie production and interactive systems. Motivated by the idea that HD images can be generated by adding high-frequency residuals to low-resolution results produced by a neural network, we propose a novel framework known as Animating Through Warping (ATW) to enable efficient animation of HD images. <br>Specifically, the proposed framework consists of two modules, a novel two-stage neural-network generator and a novel post-processing module known as Animating Through Warping (ATW). It only requires the generator to be trained on small images and can do inference on an image of any size. During inference, an HD input image is decomposed into a low-resolution component(128x128) and its corresponding high-frequency residuals. The generator predicts the low-resolution result as well as the motion field that warps the input face to the desired status (e.g., expressions categories or action units). Finally, the ResWarp module warps the residuals based on the motion field and adding the warped residuals to generates the final HD results from the naively up-sampled low-resolution results. Experiments show the effectiveness and efficiency of our method in generating high-resolution animations. Our proposed framework successfully animates a 4K facial image, which has never been achieved by prior neural models. In addition, our method generally guarantee the temporal coherency of the generated animations. Source codes will be made publicly available.      
### 67.Self-supervised Visual Attribute Learning for Fashion Compatibility  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00348.pdf)
>  Many self-supervised learning (SSL) methods have been successful in learning semantically meaningful visual representations by solving pretext tasks. However, state-of-the-art SSL methods focus on object recognition or detection tasks, which aim to learn object shapes, but ignore visual attributes such as color and texture via color distortion augmentation. However, learning these visual attributes could be more important than learning object shapes for other vision tasks, such as fashion compatibility. To address this deficiency, we propose Self-supervised Tasks for Outfit Compatibility (STOC) without any supervision. Specifically, STOC aims to learn colors and textures of fashion items and embed similar items nearby. STOC outperforms state-of-the-art SSL by 9.5% and a supervised Siamese Network by 3% on a fill-in-the-blank outfit completion task on our unsupervised benchmark.      
### 68.Uncertainty-based Traffic Accident Anticipation with Spatio-Temporal Relational Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00334.pdf)
>  Traffic accident anticipation aims to predict accidents from dashcam videos as early as possible, which is critical to safety-guaranteed self-driving systems. With cluttered traffic scenes and limited visual cues, it is of great challenge to predict how long there will be an accident from early observed frames. Most existing approaches are developed to learn features of accident-relevant agents for accident anticipation, while ignoring the features of their spatial and temporal relations. Besides, current deterministic deep neural networks could be overconfident in false predictions, leading to high risk of traffic accidents caused by self-driving systems. In this paper, we propose an uncertainty-based accident anticipation model with spatio-temporal relational learning. It sequentially predicts the probability of traffic accident occurrence with dashcam videos. Specifically, we propose to take advantage of graph convolution and recurrent networks for relational feature learning, and leverage Bayesian neural networks to address the intrinsic variability of latent relational representations. The derived uncertainty-based ranking loss is found to significantly boost model performance by improving the quality of relational features. In addition, we collect a new Car Crash Dataset (CCD) for traffic accident anticipation which contains environmental attributes and accident reasons annotations. Experimental results on both public and the newly-compiled datasets show state-of-the-art performance of our model. Our code and CCD dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Cogito2012/UString" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 69.PERCH 2.0 : Fast and Accurate GPU-based Perception via Search for Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00326.pdf)
>  Pose estimation of known objects is fundamental to tasks such as robotic grasping and manipulation. The need for reliable grasping imposes stringent accuracy requirements on pose estimation in cluttered, occluded scenes in dynamic environments. Modern methods employ large sets of training data to learn features in order to find correspondence between 3D models and observed data. However these methods require extensive annotation of ground truth poses. An alternative is to use algorithms that search for the best explanation of the observed scene in a space of possible rendered scenes. A recently developed algorithm, PERCH (PErception Via SeaRCH) does so by using depth data to converge to a globally optimum solution using a search over a specially constructed tree. While PERCH offers strong guarantees on accuracy, the current formulation suffers from low scalability owing to its high runtime. In addition, the sole reliance on depth data for pose estimation restricts the algorithm to scenes where no two objects have the same shape. In this work, we propose PERCH 2.0, a novel perception via search strategy that takes advantage of GPU acceleration and RGB data. We show that our approach can achieve a speedup of 100x over PERCH, as well as better accuracy than the state-of-the-art data-driven approaches on 6-DoF pose estimation without the need for annotating ground truth poses in the training data. Our code and video are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sbpl-cruz.github.io/perception/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 70.Improving Skeleton-based Action Recognitionwith Robust Spatial and Temporal Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00324.pdf)
>  Recently skeleton-based action recognition has made signif-icant progresses in the computer vision community. Most state-of-the-art algorithms are based on Graph Convolutional Networks (GCN), andtarget at improving the network structure of the backbone GCN lay-ers. In this paper, we propose a novel mechanism to learn more robustdiscriminative features in space and time. More specifically, we add aDiscriminative Feature Learning (DFL) branch to the last layers of thenetwork to extract discriminative spatial and temporal features to helpregularize the learning. We also formally advocate the use of Direction-Invariant Features (DIF) as input to the neural networks. We show thataction recognition accuracy can be improved when these robust featuresare learned and used. We compare our results with those of ST-GCNand related methods on four datasets: NTU-RGBD60, NTU-RGBD120,SYSU 3DHOI and Skeleton-Kinetics.      
### 71.Self-supervised Learning of Point Clouds via Orientation Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00305.pdf)
>  Point clouds provide a compact and efficient representation of 3D shapes. While deep neural networks have achieved impressive results on point cloud learning tasks, they require massive amounts of manually labeled data, which can be costly and time-consuming to collect. In this paper, we leverage 3D self-supervision for learning downstream tasks on point clouds with fewer labels. A point cloud can be rotated in infinitely many ways, which provides a rich label-free source for self-supervision. We consider the auxiliary task of predicting rotations that in turn leads to useful features for other tasks such as shape classification and 3D keypoint prediction. Using experiments on ShapeNet and ModelNet, we demonstrate that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art. Moreover, features learned by our model are complementary to other self-supervised methods and combining them leads to further performance improvement.      
### 72.Accurate and Efficient Intracranial Hemorrhage Detection and Subtype Classification in 3D CT Scans with Convolutional and Long Short-Term Memory Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00302.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present our system for the RSNA Intracranial Hemorrhage Detection challenge. The proposed system is based on a lightweight deep neural network architecture composed of a convolutional neural network (CNN) that takes as input individual CT slices, and a Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) network that takes as input feature embeddings provided by the CNN. For efficient processing, we consider various feature selection methods to produce a subset of useful CNN features for the LSTM. Furthermore, we reduce the CT slices by a factor of 2x, allowing ourselves to train the model faster. Even if our model is designed to balance speed and accuracy, we report a weighted mean log loss of 0.04989 on the final test set, which places us in the top 30 ranking (2%) from a total of 1345 participants. Although our computing infrastructure does not allow it, processing CT slices at their original scale is likely to improve performance. In order to enable others to reproduce our results, we provide our code as open source at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/warchildmd/ihd" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. After the challenge, we conducted a subjective intracranial hemorrhage detection assessment by radiologists, indicating that the performance of our deep model is on par with that of doctors specialized in reading CT scans. Another contribution of our work is to integrate Grad-CAM visualizations in our system, providing useful explanations for its predictions. We therefore consider our system as a viable option when a fast diagnosis or a second opinion on intracranial hemorrhage detection are needed.      
### 73.Eigen-CAM: Class Activation Map using Principal Components  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00299.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are ubiquitous due to the ease of developing models and their influence on other domains. At the heart of this progress is convolutional neural networks (CNNs) that are capable of learning representations or features given a set of data. Making sense of such complex models (i.e., millions of parameters and hundreds of layers) remains challenging for developers as well as the end-users. This is partially due to the lack of tools or interfaces capable of providing interpretability and transparency. A growing body of literature, for example, class activation map (CAM), focuses on making sense of what a model learns from the data or why it behaves poorly in a given task. This paper builds on previous ideas to cope with the increasing demand for interpretable, robust, and transparent models. Our approach provides a simpler and intuitive (or familiar) way of generating CAM. The proposed Eigen-CAM computes and visualizes the principle components of the learned features/representations from the convolutional layers. Empirical studies were performed to compare the Eigen-CAM with the state-of-the-art methods (such as Grad-CAM, Grad-CAM++, CNN-fixations) by evaluating on benchmark datasets such as weakly-supervised localization and localizing objects in the presence of adversarial noise. Eigen-CAM was found to be robust against classification errors made by fully connected layers in CNNs, does not rely on the backpropagation of gradients, class relevance score, maximum activation locations, or any other form of weighting features. In addition, it works with all CNN models without the need to modify layers or retrain models. Empirical results show up to 12% improvement over the best method among the methods compared on weakly supervised object localization.      
### 74.From Shadow Segmentation to Shadow Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00267.pdf)
>  The requirement for paired shadow and shadow-free images limits the size and diversity of shadow removal datasets and hinders the possibility of training large-scale, robust shadow removal algorithms. We propose a shadow removal method that can be trained using only shadow and non-shadow patches cropped from the shadow images themselves. Our method is trained via an adversarial framework, following a physical model of shadow formation. Our central contribution is a set of physics-based constraints that enables this adversarial training. Our method achieves competitive shadow removal results compared to state-of-the-art methods that are trained with fully paired shadow and shadow-free images. The advantages of our training regime are even more pronounced in shadow removal for videos. Our method can be fine-tuned on a testing video with only the shadow masks generated by a pre-trained shadow detector and outperforms state-of-the-art methods on this challenging test. We illustrate the advantages of our method on our proposed video shadow removal dataset.      
### 75.Distilling Visual Priors from Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00261.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are prone to overfit small training datasets. We present a novel two-phase pipeline that leverages self-supervised learning and knowledge distillation to improve the generalization ability of CNN models for image classification under the data-deficient setting. The first phase is to learn a teacher model which possesses rich and generalizable visual representations via self-supervised learning, and the second phase is to distill the representations into a student model in a self-distillation manner, and meanwhile fine-tune the student model for the image classification task. We also propose a novel margin loss for the self-supervised contrastive learning proxy task to better learn the representation under the data-deficient scenario. Together with other tricks, we achieve competitive performance in the VIPriors image classification challenge.      
### 76.Meta-DRN: Meta-Learning for 1-Shot Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00247.pdf)
>  Modern deep learning models have revolutionized the field of computer vision. But, a significant drawback of most of these models is that they require a large number of labelled examples to generalize properly. Recent developments in few-shot learning aim to alleviate this requirement. In this paper, we propose a novel lightweight CNN architecture for 1-shot image segmentation. The proposed model is created by taking inspiration from well-performing architectures for semantic segmentation and adapting it to the 1-shot domain. We train our model using 4 meta-learning algorithms that have worked well for image classification and compare the results. For the chosen dataset, our proposed model has a 70% lower parameter count than the benchmark, while having better or comparable mean IoU scores using all 4 of the meta-learning algorithms.      
### 77.An Explainable Machine Learning Model for Early Detection of Parkinson's Disease using LIME on DaTscan Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00238.pdf)
>  Parkinson's disease (PD) is a degenerative and progressive neurological condition. Early diagnosis can improve treatment for patients and is performed through dopaminergic imaging techniques like the SPECT DaTscan. In this study, we propose a machine learning model that accurately classifies any given DaTscan as having Parkinson's disease or not, in addition to providing a plausible reason for the prediction. This is kind of reasoning is done through the use of visual indicators generated using Local Interpretable Model-Agnostic Explainer (LIME) methods. DaTscans were drawn from the Parkinson's Progression Markers Initiative database and trained on a CNN (VGG16) using transfer learning, yielding an accuracy of 95.2%, a sensitivity of 97.5%, and a specificity of 90.9%. Keeping model interpretability of paramount importance, especially in the healthcare field, this study utilises LIME explanations to distinguish PD from non-PD, using visual superpixels on the DaTscans. It could be concluded that the proposed system, in union with its measured interpretability and accuracy may effectively aid medical workers in the early diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease.      
### 78.RGB-D Salient Object Detection: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00230.pdf)
>  Salient object detection (SOD), which simulates the human visual perception system to locate the most attractive object(s) in a scene, has been widely applied to various computer vision tasks. Now, with the advent of depth sensors, depth maps with affluent spatial information that can be beneficial in boosting the performance of SOD, can easily be captured. Although various RGB-D based SOD models with promising performance have been proposed over the past several years, an in-depth understanding of these models and challenges in this topic remains lacking. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive survey of RGB-D based SOD models from various perspectives, and review related benchmark datasets in detail. Further, considering that the light field can also provide depth maps, we review SOD models and popular benchmark datasets from this domain as well. Moreover, to investigate the SOD ability of existing models, we carry out a comprehensive evaluation, as well as attribute-based evaluation of several representative RGB-D based SOD models. Finally, we discuss several challenges and open directions of RGB-D based SOD for future research. All collected models, benchmark datasets, source code links, datasets constructed for attribute-based evaluation, and codes for evaluation will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/taozh2017/RGBDSODsurvey" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 79.Regularization by Denoising via Fixed-Point Projection (RED-PRO)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00226.pdf)
>  Inverse problems in image processing are typically cast as optimization tasks, consisting of data fidelity and stabilizing regularization terms. A recent regularization strategy of great interest utilizes the power of denoising engines. Two such methods are the Plug-and-Play Prior (PnP) and Regularization by Denoising (RED). While both have shown state-of-the-art results in various recovery tasks, their theoretical justification is incomplete. In this paper, we aim to enrich the understanding of RED and its connection to PnP. Towards that end, we reformulate RED as a convex optimization problem utilizing a projection (RED- PRO) onto the fixed-point set of demicontractive denoisers. We offer a simple iterative solution to this problem, and establish a novel unification of RED-PRO and PnP, while providing guarantees for their convergence to the globally optimal solution. We also present several relaxations of RED-PRO that allow for handling denoisers with limited fixed-point sets. Finally, we demonstrate RED-PRO for the tasks of image deblurring and super-resolution, showing improved results with respect to the original RED framework.      
### 80.Unsupervised Deep Cross-modality Spectral Hashing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00223.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel framework, namely Deep Cross-modality Spectral Hashing (DCSH), to tackle the unsupervised learning problem of binary hash codes for efficient cross-modal retrieval. The framework is a two-step hashing approach which decouples the optimization into (1) binary optimization and (2) hashing function learning. In the first step, we propose a novel spectral embedding-based algorithm to simultaneously learn single-modality and binary cross-modality representations. While the former is capable of well preserving the local structure of each modality, the latter reveals the hidden patterns from all modalities. In the second step, to learn mapping functions from informative data inputs (images and word embeddings) to binary codes obtained from the first step, we leverage the powerful CNN for images and propose a CNN-based deep architecture to learn text modality. Quantitative evaluations on three standard benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed DCSH method consistently outperforms other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 81.Efficient Adversarial Attacks for Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00217.pdf)
>  Visual object tracking is an important task that requires the tracker to find the objects quickly and accurately. The existing state-ofthe-art object trackers, i.e., Siamese based trackers, use DNNs to attain high accuracy. However, the robustness of visual tracking models is seldom explored. In this paper, we analyze the weakness of object trackers based on the Siamese network and then extend adversarial examples to visual object tracking. We present an end-to-end network FAN (Fast Attack Network) that uses a novel drift loss combined with the embedded feature loss to attack the Siamese network based trackers. Under a single GPU, FAN is efficient in the training speed and has a strong attack performance. The FAN can generate an adversarial example at 10ms, achieve effective targeted attack (at least 40% drop rate on OTB) and untargeted attack (at least 70% drop rate on OTB).      
### 82.HMOR: Hierarchical Multi-Person Ordinal Relations for Monocular Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00206.pdf)
>  Remarkable progress has been made in 3D human pose estimation from a monocular RGB camera. However, only a few studies explored 3D multi-person cases. In this paper, we attempt to address the lack of a global perspective of the top-down approaches by introducing a novel form of supervision - Hierarchical Multi-person Ordinal Relations (HMOR). The HMOR encodes interaction information as the ordinal relations of depths and angles hierarchically, which captures the body-part and joint level semantic and maintains global consistency at the same time. In our approach, an integrated top-down model is designed to leverage these ordinal relations in the learning process. The integrated model estimates human bounding boxes, human depths, and root-relative 3D poses simultaneously, with a coarse-to-fine architecture to improve the accuracy of depth estimation. The proposed method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on publicly available multi-person 3D pose datasets. In addition to superior performance, our method costs lower computation complexity and fewer model parameters.      
### 83.PanoNet: Real-time Panoptic Segmentation through Position-Sensitive Feature Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00192.pdf)
>  We propose a simple, fast, and flexible framework to generate simultaneously semantic and instance masks for panoptic segmentation. Our method, called PanoNet, incorporates a clean and natural structure design that tackles the problem purely as a segmentation task without the time-consuming detection process. We also introduce position-sensitive embedding for instance grouping by accounting for both object's appearance and its spatial location. Overall, PanoNet yields high panoptic quality results of high-resolution Cityscapes images in real-time, significantly faster than all other methods with comparable performance. Our approach well satisfies the practical speed and memory requirement for many applications like autonomous driving and augmented reality.      
### 84.Augmented Skeleton Based Contrastive Action Learning with Momentum LSTM for Unsupervised Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00188.pdf)
>  Action recognition via 3D skeleton data is an emerging important topic in these years. Most existing methods either extract hand-crafted descriptors or learn action representations by supervised learning paradigms that require massive labeled data. In this paper, we for the first time propose a contrastive action learning paradigm named AS-CAL that can leverage different augmentations of unlabeled skeleton data to learn action representations in an unsupervised manner. Specifically, we first propose to contrast similarity between augmented instances (query and key) of the input skeleton sequence, which are transformed by multiple novel augmentation strategies, to learn inherent action patterns (''pattern-invariance'') of different skeleton transformations. Second, to encourage learning the pattern-invariance with more consistent action representations, we propose a momentum LSTM, which is implemented as the momentum-based moving average of LSTM based query encoder, to encode long-term action dynamics of the key sequence. Third, we introduce a queue to store the encoded keys, which allows our model to flexibly reuse proceeding keys and build a more consistent dictionary to improve contrastive learning. Last, by temporally averaging the hidden states of action learned by the query encoder, a novel representation named Contrastive Action Encoding (CAE) is proposed to represent human's action effectively. Extensive experiments show that our approach typically improves existing hand-crafted methods by 10-50% top-1 accuracy, and it can achieve comparable or even superior performance to numerous supervised learning methods.      
### 85.Contrastive Explanations in Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00178.pdf)
>  Visual explanations are logical arguments based on visual features that justify the predictions made by neural networks. Current modes of visual explanations answer questions of the form $`Why \text{ } P?'$. These $Why$ questions operate under broad contexts thereby providing answers that are irrelevant in some cases. We propose to constrain these $Why$ questions based on some context $Q$ so that our explanations answer contrastive questions of the form $`Why \text{ } P, \text{} rather \text{ } than \text{ } Q?'$. In this paper, we formalize the structure of contrastive visual explanations for neural networks. We define contrast based on neural networks and propose a methodology to extract defined contrasts. We then use the extracted contrasts as a plug-in on top of existing $`Why \text{ } P?'$ techniques, specifically Grad-CAM. We demonstrate their value in analyzing both networks and data in applications of large-scale recognition, fine-grained recognition, subsurface seismic analysis, and image quality assessment.      
### 86.State-of-The-Art Fuzzy Active Contour Models for Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00175.pdf)
>  Image segmentation is the initial step for every image analysis task. A large variety of segmentation algorithm has been proposed in the literature during several decades with some mixed success. Among them, the fuzzy energy based active contour models get attention to the researchers during last decade which results in development of various methods. A good segmentation algorithm should perform well in a large number of images containing noise, blur, low contrast, region in-homogeneity, etc. However, the performances of the most of the existing fuzzy energy based active contour models have been evaluated typically on the limited number of images. In this article, our aim is to review the existing fuzzy active contour models from the theoretical point of view and also evaluate them experimentally on a large set of images under the various conditions. The analysis under a large variety of images provides objective insight into the strengths and weaknesses of various fuzzy active contour models. Finally, we discuss several issues and future research direction on this particular topic.      
### 87.Land Cover Classification from Remote Sensing Images Based on Multi-Scale Fully Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00168.pdf)
>  In this paper, a Multi-Scale Fully Convolutional Network (MSFCN) with multi-scale convolutional kernel is proposed to exploit discriminative representations from two-dimensional (2D) satellite images.      
### 88.TexMesh: Reconstructing Detailed Human Texture and Geometry from RGB-D Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00158.pdf)
>  We present TexMesh, a novel approach to reconstruct detailed human meshes with high-resolution full-body texture from RGB-D video. TexMesh enables high quality free-viewpoint rendering of humans. Given the RGB frames, the captured environment map, and the coarse per-frame human mesh from RGB-D tracking, our method reconstructs spatiotemporally consistent and detailed per-frame meshes along with a high-resolution albedo texture. By using the incident illumination we are able to accurately estimate local surface geometry and albedo, which allows us to further use photometric constraints to adapt a synthetically trained model to real-world sequences in a self-supervised manner for detailed surface geometry and high-resolution texture estimation. In practice, we train our models on a short example sequence for self-adaptation and the model runs at interactive framerate afterwards. We validate TexMesh on synthetic and real-world data, and show it outperforms the state of art quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 89.L-CNN: A Lattice cross-fusion strategy for multistream convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00157.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a fusion strategy for multistream convolutional networks, the Lattice Cross Fusion. This approach crosses signals from convolution layers performing mathematical operation-based fusions right before pooling layers. Results on a purposely worsened CIFAR-10, a popular image classification data set, with a modified AlexNet-LCNN version show that this novel method outperforms by 46% the baseline single stream network, with faster convergence, stability, and robustness.      
### 90.Actor-Action Video Classification CSC 249/449 Spring 2020 Challenge Report  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00141.pdf)
>  This technical report summarizes submissions and compiles from Actor-Action video classification challenge held as a final project in CSC 249/449 Machine Vision course (Spring 2020) at University of Rochester      
### 91.White-Box Evaluation of Fingerprint Recognition Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00128.pdf)
>  Typical evaluations of fingerprint recognition systems consist of end-to-end black-box evaluations, which assess performance in terms of overall identification or authentication accuracy. However, these black-box tests of system performance do not reveal insights into the performance of the individual modules, including image acquisition, feature extraction, and matching. On the other hand, white-box evaluations, the topic of this paper, measure the individual performance of each constituent module in isolation. While a few studies have conducted white-box evaluations of the fingerprint reader, feature extractor, and matching components, no existing study has provided a full system, white-box analysis of the uncertainty introduced at each stage of a fingerprint recognition system. In this work, we extend previous white-box evaluations of fingerprint recognition system components and provide a unified, in-depth analysis of fingerprint recognition system performance based on the aggregated white-box evaluation results. In particular, we analyze the uncertainty introduced at each stage of the fingerprint recognition system due to adverse capture conditions (i.e., varying illumination, moisture, and pressure) at the time of acquisition. Our experiments show that a system that performs better overall, in terms of black-box recognition performance, does not necessarily perform best at each module in the fingerprint recognition system pipeline, which can only be seen with white-box analysis of each sub-module. Findings such as these enable researchers to better focus their efforts in improving fingerprint recognition systems.      
### 92.Utilising Visual Attention Cues for Vehicle Detection and Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00106.pdf)
>  Advanced Driver-Assistance Systems (ADAS) have been attracting attention from many researchers. Vision-based sensors are the closest way to emulate human driver visual behavior while driving. In this paper, we explore possible ways to use visual attention (saliency) for object detection and tracking. We investigate: 1) How a visual attention map such as a \emph{subjectness} attention or saliency map and an \emph{objectness} attention map can facilitate region proposal generation in a 2-stage object detector; 2) How a visual attention map can be used for tracking multiple objects. We propose a neural network that can simultaneously detect objects as and generate objectness and subjectness maps to save computational power. We further exploit the visual attention map during tracking using a sequential Monte Carlo probability hypothesis density (PHD) filter. The experiments are conducted on KITTI and DETRAC datasets. The use of visual attention and hierarchical features has shown a considerable improvement of $\approx$8\% in object detection which effectively increased tracking performance by $\approx$4\% on KITTI dataset.      
### 93.KAPLAN: A 3D Point Descriptor for Shape Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00096.pdf)
>  We present a novel 3D shape completion method that operates directly on unstructured point clouds, thus avoiding resource-intensive data structures like voxel grids. To this end, we introduce KAPLAN, a 3D point descriptor that aggregates local shape information via a series of 2D convolutions. The key idea is to project the points in a local neighborhood onto multiple planes with different orientations. In each of those planes, point properties like normals or point-to-plane distances are aggregated into a 2D grid and abstracted into a feature representation with an efficient 2D convolutional encoder. Since all planes are encoded jointly, the resulting representation nevertheless can capture their correlations and retains knowledge about the underlying 3D shape, without expensive 3D convolutions. Experiments on public datasets show that KAPLAN achieves state-of-the-art performance for 3D shape completion.      
### 94.Deep Depth Estimation from Visual-Inertial SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00092.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of learning to complete a scene's depth from sparse depth points and images of indoor scenes. Specifically, we study the case in which the sparse depth is computed from a visual-inertial simultaneous localization and mapping (VI-SLAM) system. The resulting point cloud has low density, it is noisy, and has non-uniform spatial distribution, as compared to the input from active depth sensors, e.g., LiDAR or Kinect. Since the VI-SLAM produces point clouds only over textured areas, we compensate for the missing depth of the low-texture surfaces by leveraging their planar structures and their surface normals which is an important intermediate representation. The pre-trained surface normal network, however, suffers from large performance degradation when there is a significant difference in the viewing direction (especially the roll angle) of the test image as compared to the trained ones. To address this limitation, we use the available gravity estimate from the VI-SLAM to warp the input image to the orientation prevailing in the training dataset. This results in a significant performance gain for the surface normal estimate, and thus the dense depth estimates. Finally, we show that our method outperforms other state-of-the-art approaches both on training (ScanNet and NYUv2) and testing (collected with Azure Kinect) datasets.      
### 95.Learning to Rank for Active Learning: A Listwise Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00078.pdf)
>  Active learning emerged as an alternative to alleviate the effort to label huge amount of data for data hungry applications (such as image/video indexing and retrieval, autonomous driving, etc.). The goal of active learning is to automatically select a number of unlabeled samples for annotation (according to a budget), based on an acquisition function, which indicates how valuable a sample is for training the model. The learning loss method is a task-agnostic approach which attaches a module to learn to predict the target loss of unlabeled data, and select data with the highest loss for labeling. In this work, we follow this strategy but we define the acquisition function as a learning to rank problem and rethink the structure of the loss prediction module, using a simple but effective listwise approach. Experimental results on four datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms recent state-of-the-art active learning approaches for both image classification and regression tasks.      
### 96.Dynamic Object Tracking and Masking for Visual SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00072.pdf)
>  In dynamic environments, performance of visual SLAM techniques can be impaired by visual features taken from moving objects. One solution is to identify those objects so that their visual features can be removed for localization and mapping. This paper presents a simple and fast pipeline that uses deep neural networks, extended Kalman filters and visual SLAM to improve both localization and mapping in dynamic environments (around 14 fps on a GTX 1080). Results on the dynamic sequences from the TUM dataset using RTAB-Map as visual SLAM suggest that the approach achieves similar localization performance compared to other state-of-the-art methods, while also providing the position of the tracked dynamic objects, a 3D map free of those dynamic objects, better loop closure detection with the whole pipeline able to run on a robot moving at moderate speed.      
### 97.Towards Leveraging End-of-Life Tools as an Asset: Value Co-Creation based on Deep Learning in the Machining Industry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.01053.pdf)
>  Sustainability is the key concept in the management of products that reached their end-of-life. We propose that end-of-life products have -- besides their value as recyclable assets -- additional value for producer and consumer. We argue this is especially true for the machining industry, where we illustrate an automatic characterization of worn cutting tools to foster value co-creation between tool manufacturer and tool user (customer) in the future. In the work at hand, we present a deep-learning-based computer vision system for the automatic classification of worn tools regarding flank wear and chipping. The resulting Matthews Correlation Coefficient of 0.878 and 0.644 confirms the feasibility of our system based on the VGG-16 network and Gradient Boosting. Based on these first results we derive a research agenda which addresses the need for a more holistic tool characterization by semantic segmentation and assesses the perceived business impact and usability by different user groups.      
### 98.Improving Generative Adversarial Networks with Local Coordinate Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00942.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have shown remarkable success in generating realistic data from some predefined prior distribution (e.g., Gaussian noises). However, such prior distribution is often independent of real data and thus may lose semantic information (e.g., geometric structure or content in images) of data. In practice, the semantic information might be represented by some latent distribution learned from data. However, such latent distribution may incur difficulties in data sampling for GANs. In this paper, rather than sampling from the predefined prior distribution, we propose an LCCGAN model with local coordinate coding (LCC) to improve the performance of generating data. First, we propose an LCC sampling method in LCCGAN to sample meaningful points from the latent manifold. With the LCC sampling method, we can exploit the local information on the latent manifold and thus produce new data with promising quality. Second, we propose an improved version, namely LCCGAN++, by introducing a higher-order term in the generator approximation. This term is able to achieve better approximation and thus further improve the performance. More critically, we derive the generalization bound for both LCCGAN and LCCGAN++ and prove that a low-dimensional input is sufficient to achieve good generalization performance. Extensive experiments on four benchmark datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method over existing GANs.      
### 99.FaultFace: Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Network (DCGAN) based Ball-Bearing Failure Detection Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00930.pdf)
>  Failure detection is employed in the industry to improve system performance and reduce costs due to unexpected malfunction events. So, a good dataset of the system is desirable for designing an automated failure detection system. However, industrial process datasets are unbalanced and contain little information about failure behavior due to the uniqueness of these events and the high cost for running the system just to get information about the undesired behaviors. For this reason, performing correct training and validation of automated failure detection methods is challenging. This paper proposes a methodology called FaultFace for failure detection on Ball-Bearing joints for rotational shafts using deep learning techniques to create balanced datasets. The FaultFace methodology uses 2D representations of vibration signals denominated faceportraits obtained by time-frequency transformation techniques. From the obtained faceportraits, a Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Network is employed to produce new faceportraits of the nominal and failure behaviors to get a balanced dataset. A Convolutional Neural Network is trained for fault detection employing the balanced dataset. The FaultFace methodology is compared with other deep learning techniques to evaluate its performance in for fault detection with unbalanced datasets. Obtained results show that FaultFace methodology has a good performance for failure detection for unbalanced datasets.      
### 100.Automated Segmentation of Brain Gray Matter Nuclei on Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping Using Deep Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00901.pdf)
>  Abnormal iron accumulation in the brain subcortical nuclei has been reported to be correlated to various neurodegenerative diseases, which can be measured through the magnetic susceptibility from the quantitative susceptibility mapping (QSM). To quantitively measure the magnetic susceptibility, the nuclei should be accurately segmented, which is a tedious task for clinicians. In this paper, we proposed a double-branch residual-structured U-Net (DB-ResUNet) based on 3D convolutional neural network (CNN) to automatically segment such brain gray matter nuclei. To better tradeoff between segmentation accuracy and the memory efficiency, the proposed DB-ResUNet fed image patches with high resolution and the patches with low resolution but larger field of view into the local and global branches, respectively. Experimental results revealed that by jointly using QSM and T$_\text{1}$ weighted imaging (T$_\text{1}$WI) as inputs, the proposed method was able to achieve better segmentation accuracy over its single-branch counterpart, as well as the conventional atlas-based method and the classical 3D-UNet structure. The susceptibility values and the volumes were also measured, which indicated that the measurements from the proposed DB-ResUNet are able to present high correlation with values from the manually annotated regions of interest.      
### 101.Shape Adaptor: A Learnable Resizing Module  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00892.pdf)
>  We present a novel resizing module for neural networks: shape adaptor, a drop-in enhancement built on top of traditional resizing layers, such as pooling, bilinear sampling, and strided convolution. Whilst traditional resizing layers have fixed and deterministic reshaping factors, our module allows for a learnable reshaping factor. Our implementation enables shape adaptors to be trained end-to-end without any additional supervision, through which network architectures can be optimised for each individual task, in a fully automated way. We performed experiments across seven image classification datasets, and results show that by simply using a set of our shape adaptors instead of the original resizing layers, performance increases consistently over human-designed networks, across all datasets. Additionally, we show the effectiveness of shape adaptors on two other applications: network compression and transfer learning. The source code is available at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/lorenmt/shape-adaptor" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 102.Retinal Image Segmentation with a Structure-Texture Demixing Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00817.pdf)
>  Retinal image segmentation plays an important role in automatic disease diagnosis. This task is very challenging because the complex structure and texture information are mixed in a retinal image, and distinguishing the information is difficult. Existing methods handle texture and structure jointly, which may lead biased models toward recognizing textures and thus results in inferior segmentation performance. To address it, we propose a segmentation strategy that seeks to separate structure and texture components and significantly improve the performance. To this end, we design a structure-texture demixing network (STD-Net) that can process structures and textures differently and better. Extensive experiments on two retinal image segmentation tasks (i.e., blood vessel segmentation, optic disc and cup segmentation) demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 103.Adaptive Hierarchical Decomposition of Large Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00809.pdf)
>  Deep learning has recently demonstrated its ability to rival the human brain for visual object recognition. As datasets get larger, a natural question to ask is if existing deep learning architectures can be extended to handle the 50+K classes thought to be perceptible by a typical human. Most deep learning architectures concentrate on splitting diverse categories, while ignoring the similarities amongst them. This paper introduces a framework that automatically analyzes and configures a family of smaller deep networks as a replacement to a singular, larger network. Class similarities guide the creation of a family from course to fine classifiers which solve categorical problems more effectively than a single large classifier. The resulting smaller networks are highly scalable, parallel and more practical to train, and achieve higher classification accuracy. This paper also proposes a method to adaptively select the configuration of the hierarchical family of classifiers using linkage statistics from overall and sub-classification confusion matrices. Depending on the number of classes and the complexity of the problem, a deep learning model is selected and the complexity is determined. Numerous experiments on network classes, layers, and architecture configurations validate our results.      
### 104.Multi-Scale Deep Compressive Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00802.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning-based compressive imaging (DCI) has surpassed the conventional compressive imaging in reconstruction quality and faster running time. While multi-scale has shown superior performance over single-scale, research in DCI has been limited to single-scale sampling. Despite training with single-scale images, DCI tends to favor low-frequency components similar to the conventional multi-scale sampling, especially at low subrate. From this perspective, it would be easier for the network to learn multi-scale features with a multi-scale sampling architecture. In this work, we proposed a multi-scale deep compressive imaging (MS-DCI) framework which jointly learns to decompose, sample, and reconstruct images at multi-scale. A three-phase end-to-end training scheme was introduced with an initial and two enhance reconstruction phases to demonstrate the efficiency of multi-scale sampling and further improve the reconstruction performance. We analyzed the decomposition methods (including Pyramid, Wavelet, and Scale-space), sampling matrices, and measurements and showed the empirical benefit of MS-DCI which consistently outperforms both conventional and deep learning-based approaches.      
### 105.IntroVAC: Introspective Variational Classifiers for Learning Interpretable Latent Subspaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00760.pdf)
>  Learning useful representations of complex data has been the subject of extensive research for many years. With the diffusion of Deep Neural Networks, Variational Autoencoders have gained lots of attention since they provide an explicit model of the data distribution based on an encoder/decoder architecture which is able to both generate images and encode them in a low-dimensional subspace. However, the latent space is not easily interpretable and the generation capabilities show some limitations since images typically look blurry and lack details. In this paper, we propose the Introspective Variational Classifier (IntroVAC), a model that learns interpretable latent subspaces by exploiting information from an additional label and provides improved image quality thanks to an adversarial training strategy.We show that IntroVAC is able to learn meaningful directions in the latent space enabling fine-grained manipulation of image attributes. We validate our approach on the CelebA dataset.      
### 106.High Throughput Matrix-Matrix Multiplication between Asymmetric Bit-Width Operands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00638.pdf)
>  Matrix multiplications between asymmetric bit-width operands, especially between 8- and 4-bit operands are likely to become a fundamental kernel of many important workloads including neural networks and machine learning. While existing SIMD matrix multiplication instructions for symmetric bit-width operands can support operands of mixed precision by zero- or sign-extending the narrow operand to match the size of the other operands, they cannot exploit the benefit of narrow bit-width of one of the operands. We propose a new SIMD matrix multiplication instruction that uses mixed precision on its inputs (8- and 4-bit operands) and accumulates product values into narrower 16-bit output accumulators, in turn allowing the SIMD operation at 128-bit vector width to process a greater number of data elements per instruction to improve processing throughput and memory bandwidth utilization without increasing the register read- and write-port bandwidth in CPUs. The proposed asymmetric-operand-size SIMD instruction offers 2x improvement in throughput of matrix multiplication in comparison to throughput obtained using existing symmetric-operand-size instructions while causing negligible (0.05%) overflow from 16-bit accumulators for representative machine learning workloads. The asymmetric-operand-size instruction not only can improve matrix multiplication throughput in CPUs, but also can be effective to support multiply-and-accumulate (MAC) operation between 8- and 4-bit operands in state-of-the-art DNN hardware accelerators (e.g., systolic array microarchitecture in Google TPU, etc.) and offer similar improvement in matrix multiply performance seamlessly without violating the various implementation constraints. We demonstrate how a systolic array architecture designed for symmetric-operand-size instructions could be modified to support an asymmetric-operand-sized instruction.      
### 107.The Rate-Distortion-Accuracy Tradeoff: JPEG Case Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00605.pdf)
>  Handling digital images is almost always accompanied by a lossy compression in order to facilitate efficient transmission and storage. This introduces an unavoidable tension between the allocated bit-budget (rate) and the faithfulness of the resulting image to the original one (distortion). An additional complicating consideration is the effect of the compression on recognition performance by given classifiers (accuracy). This work aims to explore this rate-distortion-accuracy tradeoff. As a case study, we focus on the design of the quantization tables in the JPEG compression standard. We offer a novel optimal tuning of these tables via continuous optimization, leveraging a differential implementation of both the JPEG encoder-decoder and an entropy estimator. This enables us to offer a unified framework that considers the interplay between rate, distortion and classification accuracy. In all these fronts, we report a substantial boost in performance by a simple and easily implemented modification of these tables.      
### 108.Video Question Answering on Screencast Tutorials  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00544.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new video question answering task on screencast tutorials. We introduce a dataset including question, answer and context triples from the tutorial videos for a software. Unlike other video question answering works, all the answers in our dataset are grounded to the domain knowledge base. An one-shot recognition algorithm is designed to extract the visual cues, which helps enhance the performance of video question answering. We also propose several baseline neural network architectures based on various aspects of video contexts from the dataset. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed models significantly improve the question answering performances by incorporating multi-modal contexts and domain knowledge.      
### 109.Towards Robust Visual Tracking for Unmanned Aerial Vehicle with Tri-Attentional Correlation Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00528.pdf)
>  Object tracking has been broadly applied in unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) tasks in recent years. However, existing algorithms still face difficulties such as partial occlusion, clutter background, and other challenging visual factors. Inspired by the cutting-edge attention mechanisms, a novel object tracking framework is proposed to leverage multi-level visual attention. Three primary attention, i.e., contextual attention, dimensional attention, and spatiotemporal attention, are integrated into the training and detection stages of correlation filter-based tracking pipeline. Therefore, the proposed tracker is equipped with robust discriminative power against challenging factors while maintaining high operational efficiency in UAV scenarios. Quantitative and qualitative experiments on two well-known benchmarks with 173 challenging UAV video sequences demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework. The proposed tracking algorithm favorably outperforms 12 state-of-the-art methods, yielding 4.8% relative gain in UAVDT and 8.2% relative gain in UAV123@10fps against the baseline tracker while operating at the speed of $\sim$ 28 frames per second.      
### 110.Differentiable Feature Aggregation Search for Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00506.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation has become increasingly important in model compression. It boosts the performance of a miniaturized student network with the supervision of the output distribution and feature maps from a sophisticated teacher network. Some recent works introduce multi-teacher distillation to provide more supervision to the student network. However, the effectiveness of multi-teacher distillation methods are accompanied by costly computation resources. To tackle with both the efficiency and the effectiveness of knowledge distillation, we introduce the feature aggregation to imitate the multi-teacher distillation in the single-teacher distillation framework by extracting informative supervision from multiple teacher feature maps. Specifically, we introduce DFA, a two-stage Differentiable Feature Aggregation search method that motivated by DARTS in neural architecture search, to efficiently find the aggregations. In the first stage, DFA formulates the searching problem as a bi-level optimization and leverages a novel bridge loss, which consists of a student-to-teacher path and a teacher-to-student path, to find appropriate feature aggregations. The two paths act as two players against each other, trying to optimize the unified architecture parameters to the opposite directions while guaranteeing both expressivity and learnability of the feature aggregation simultaneously. In the second stage, DFA performs knowledge distillation with the derived feature aggregation. Experimental results show that DFA outperforms existing methods on CIFAR-100 and CINIC-10 datasets under various teacher-student settings, verifying the effectiveness and robustness of the design.      
### 111.Multi-level Wavelet-based Generative Adversarial Network for Perceptual Quality Enhancement of Compressed Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00499.pdf)
>  The past few years have witnessed fast development in video quality enhancement via deep learning. Existing methods mainly focus on enhancing the objective quality of compressed video while ignoring its perceptual quality. In this paper, we focus on enhancing the perceptual quality of compressed video. Our main observation is that enhancing the perceptual quality mostly relies on recovering high-frequency sub-bands in wavelet domain. Accordingly, we propose a novel generative adversarial network (GAN) based on multi-level wavelet packet transform (WPT) to enhance the perceptual quality of compressed video, which is called multi-level wavelet-based GAN (MW-GAN). In MW-GAN, we first apply motion compensation with a pyramid architecture to obtain temporal information. Then, we propose a wavelet reconstruction network with wavelet-dense residual blocks (WDRB) to recover the high-frequency details. In addition, the adversarial loss of MW-GAN is added via WPT to further encourage high-frequency details recovery for video frames. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method.      
### 112.Hindsight for Foresight: Unsupervised Structured Dynamics Models from Physical Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00456.pdf)
>  A key challenge for an agent learning to interact with the world is to reason about physical properties of objects and to foresee their dynamics under the effect of applied forces. In order to scale learning through interaction to many objects and scenes, robots should be able to improve their own performance from real-world experience without requiring human supervision. To this end, we propose a novel approach for modeling the dynamics of a robot's interactions directly from unlabeled 3D point clouds and images. Unlike previous approaches, our method does not require ground-truth data associations provided by a tracker or any pre-trained perception network. To learn from unlabeled real-world interaction data, we enforce consistency of estimated 3D clouds, actions and 2D images with observed ones. Our joint forward and inverse network learns to segment a scene into salient object parts and predicts their 3D motion under the effect of applied actions. Moreover, our object-centric model outputs action-conditioned 3D scene flow, object masks and 2D optical flow as emergent properties. Our extensive evaluation both in simulation and with real-world data demonstrates that our formulation leads to effective, interpretable models that can be used for visuomotor control and planning. Videos, code and dataset are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://hind4sight.cs.uni-freiburg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 113.Vision and Inertial Sensing Fusion for Human Action Recognition : A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00380.pdf)
>  Human action recognition is used in many applications such as video surveillance, human computer interaction, assistive living, and gaming. Many papers have appeared in the literature showing that the fusion of vision and inertial sensing improves recognition accuracies compared to the situations when each sensing modality is used individually. This paper provides a survey of the papers in which vision and inertial sensing are used simultaneously within a fusion framework in order to perform human action recognition. The surveyed papers are categorized in terms of fusion approaches, features, classifiers, as well as multimodality datasets considered. Challenges as well as possible future directions are also stated for deploying the fusion of these two sensing modalities under realistic conditions.      
### 114.Exploring Multi-Scale Feature Propagation and Communication for Image Super Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00239.pdf)
>  Multi-scale techniques have achieved great success in a wide range of computer vision tasks. However, while this technique is incorporated in existing works, there still lacks a comprehensive investigation on variants of multi-scale convolution in image super resolution. In this work, we present a unified formulation over widely-used multi-scale structures. With this framework, we systematically explore the two factors of multi-scale convolution -- feature propagation and cross-scale communication. Based on the investigation, we propose a generic and efficient multi-scale convolution unit -- Multi-Scale cross-Scale Share-weights convolution (MS$^3$-Conv). Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed MS$^3$-Conv can achieve better SR performance than the standard convolution with less parameters and computational cost. Beyond quantitative analysis, we comprehensively study the visual quality, which shows that MS$^3$-Conv behave better to recover high-frequency details.      
### 115.Joint Generative Learning and Super-Resolution For Real-World Camera-Screen Degradation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00195.pdf)
>  In real-world single image super-resolution (SISR) task, the low-resolution image suffers more complicated degradations, not only downsampled by unknown kernels. However, existing SISR methods are generally studied with the synthetic low-resolution generation such as bicubic interpolation (BI), which greatly limits their performance. Recently, some researchers investigate real-world SISR from the perspective of the camera and smartphone. However, except the acquisition equipment, the display device also involves more complicated degradations. In this paper, we focus on the camera-screen degradation and build a real-world dataset (Cam-ScreenSR), where HR images are original ground truths from the previous DIV2K dataset and corresponding LR images are camera-captured versions of HRs displayed on the screen. We conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate that involving more real degradations is positive to improve the generalization of SISR models. Moreover, we propose a joint two-stage model. Firstly, the downsampling degradation GAN(DD-GAN) is trained to model the degradation and produces more various of LR images, which is validated to be efficient for data augmentation. Then the dual residual channel attention network (DuRCAN) learns to recover the SR image. The weighted combination of L1 loss and proposed Laplacian loss are applied to sharpen the high-frequency edges. Extensive experimental results in both typical synthetic and complicated real-world degradations validate the proposed method outperforms than existing SOTA models with less parameters, faster speed and better visual results. Moreover, in real captured photographs, our model also delivers best visual quality with sharper edge, less artifacts, especially appropriate color enhancement, which has not been accomplished by previous methods.      
### 116.Diabetic Retinopathy Diagnosis based on Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00148.pdf)
>  Diabetic Retinopathy DR is a popular disease for many people as a result of age or the diabetic, as a result, it can cause blindness. therefore, diagnosis of this disease especially in the early time can prevent its effect for a lot of patients. To achieve this diagnosis, eye retina must be examined continuously. Therefore, computer-aided tools can be used in the field based on computer vision techniques. Different works have been performed using various machine learning techniques. Convolutional Neural Network is one of the promise methods, so it was for Diabetic Retinopathy detection in this paper. Also, the proposed work contains visual enhancement in the pre-processing phase, then the CNN model is trained to be able for recognition and classification phase, to diagnosis the healthy and unhealthy retina image. Three public dataset DiaretDB0, DiaretDB1 and DrimDB were used in practical testing. The implementation of this work based on Matlab- R2019a, deep learning toolbox and deep network designer to design the architecture of the convolutional neural network and train it. The results were evaluated to different metrics; accuracy is one of them. The best accuracy that was achieved: for DiaretDB0 is 100%, DiaretDB1 is 99.495% and DrimDB is 97.55%.      
### 117.CorrSigNet: Learning CORRelated Prostate Cancer SIGnatures from Radiology and Pathology Images for Improved Computer Aided Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00119.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is widely used for screening and staging prostate cancer. However, many prostate cancers have subtle features which are not easily identifiable on MRI, resulting in missed diagnoses and alarming variability in radiologist interpretation. Machine learning models have been developed in an effort to improve cancer identification, but current models localize cancer using MRI-derived features, while failing to consider the disease pathology characteristics observed on resected tissue. In this paper, we propose CorrSigNet, an automated two-step model that localizes prostate cancer on MRI by capturing the pathology features of cancer. First, the model learns MRI signatures of cancer that are correlated with corresponding histopathology features using Common Representation Learning. Second, the model uses the learned correlated MRI features to train a Convolutional Neural Network to localize prostate cancer. The histopathology images are used only in the first step to learn the correlated features. Once learned, these correlated features can be extracted from MRI of new patients (without histopathology or surgery) to localize cancer. We trained and validated our framework on a unique dataset of 75 patients with 806 slices who underwent MRI followed by prostatectomy surgery. We tested our method on an independent test set of 20 prostatectomy patients (139 slices, 24 cancerous lesions, 1.12M pixels) and achieved a per-pixel sensitivity of 0.81, specificity of 0.71, AUC of 0.86 and a per-lesion AUC of $0.96 \pm 0.07$, outperforming the current state-of-the-art accuracy in predicting prostate cancer using MRI.      
### 118.F*: An Interpretable Transformation of the F-measure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.00103.pdf)
>  The F-measure is widely used to assess the performance of classification algorithms. However, some researchers find it lacking in intuitive interpretation, questioning the appropriateness of combining two aspects of performance as conceptually distinct as precision and recall, and also questioning whether the harmonic mean is the best way to combine them. To ease this concern, we describe a simple transformation of the F-measure, which we call F* (F-star), which has an immediate practical interpretation.      
