# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 11 Aug 2020
### 1.Self-Supervised Learning of Audio-Visual Objects from Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04237.pdf)
>  Our objective is to transform a video into a set of discrete audio-visual objects using self-supervised learning. To this end, we introduce a model that uses attention to localize and group sound sources, and optical flow to aggregate information over time. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the audio-visual object embeddings that our model learns by using them for four downstream speech-oriented tasks: (a) multi-speaker sound source separation, (b) localizing and tracking speakers, (c) correcting misaligned audio-visual data, and (d) active speaker detection. Using our representation, these tasks can be solved entirely by training on unlabeled video, without the aid of object detectors. We also demonstrate the generality of our method by applying it to non-human speakers, including cartoons and puppets.Our model significantly outperforms other self-supervised approaches, and obtains performance competitive with methods that use supervised face detection.      
### 2.Deep learning for photoacoustic imaging: a survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04221.pdf)
>  Machine learning has been developed dramatically and witnessed a lot of applications in various fields over the past few years. This boom originated in 2009, when a new model emerged, that is, the deep artificial neural network, which began to surpass other established mature models on some important benchmarks. Later, it was widely used in academia and industry. Ranging from image analysis to natural language processing, it fully exerted its magic and now become the state-of-the-art machine learning models. Deep neural networks have great potential in medical imaging technology, medical data analysis, medical diagnosis and other healthcare issues, and is promoted in both pre-clinical and even clinical stages. In this review, we performed an overview of some new developments and challenges in the application of machine learning to medical image analysis, with a special focus on deep learning in photoacoustic imaging. The aim of this review is threefold: (i) introducing deep learning with some important basics, (ii) reviewing recent works that apply deep learning in the entire ecological chain of photoacoustic imaging, from image reconstruction to disease diagnosis, (iii) providing some open source materials and other resources for researchers interested in applying deep learning to photoacoustic imaging.      
### 3.Describe What to Change: A Text-guided Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04200.pdf)
>  Manipulating visual attributes of images through human-written text is a very challenging task. On the one hand, models have to learn the manipulation without the ground truth of the desired output. On the other hand, models have to deal with the inherent ambiguity of natural language. Previous research usually requires either the user to describe all the characteristics of the desired image or to use richly-annotated image captioning datasets. In this work, we propose a novel unsupervised approach, based on image-to-image translation, that alters the attributes of a given image through a command-like sentence such as "change the hair color to black". Contrarily to state-of-the-art approaches, our model does not require a human-annotated dataset nor a textual description of all the attributes of the desired image, but only those that have to be modified. Our proposed model disentangles the image content from the visual attributes, and it learns to modify the latter using the textual description, before generating a new image from the content and the modified attribute representation. Because text might be inherently ambiguous (blond hair may refer to different shadows of blond, e.g. golden, icy, sandy), our method generates multiple stochastic versions of the same translation. Experiments show that the proposed model achieves promising performances on two large-scale public datasets: CelebA and CUB. We believe our approach will pave the way to new avenues of research combining textual and speech commands with visual attributes.      
### 4.Deep Learning-based Human Detection for UAVs with Optical and Infrared Cameras: System and Experiments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04197.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present our deep learning-based human detection system that uses optical (RGB) and long-wave infrared (LWIR) cameras to detect, track, localize, and re-identify humans from UAVs flying at high altitude. In each spectrum, a customized RetinaNet network with ResNet backbone provides human detections which are subsequently fused to minimize the overall false detection rate. We show that by optimizing the bounding box anchors and augmenting the image resolution the number of missed detections from high altitudes can be decreased by over 20 percent. Our proposed network is compared to different RetinaNet and YOLO variants, and to a classical optical-infrared human detection framework that uses hand-crafted features. Furthermore, along with the publication of this paper, we release a collection of annotated optical-infrared datasets recorded with different UAVs during search-and-rescue field tests and the source code of the implemented annotation tool.      
### 5.Labels Are Not Perfect: Improving Probabilistic Object Detection via Label Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04168.pdf)
>  Reliable uncertainty estimation is crucial for robust object detection in autonomous driving. However, previous works on probabilistic object detection either learn predictive probability for bounding box regression in an un-supervised manner, or use simple heuristics to do uncertainty regularization. This leads to unstable training or suboptimal detection performance. In this work, we leverage our previously proposed method for estimating uncertainty inherent in ground truth bounding box parameters (which we call label uncertainty) to improve the detection accuracy of a probabilistic LiDAR-based object detector. Experimental results on the KITTI dataset show that our method surpasses both the baseline model and the models based on simple heuristics by up to 3.6% in terms of Average Precision.      
### 6.Depth Quality Aware Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04159.pdf)
>  The existing fusion based RGB-D salient object detection methods usually adopt the bi-stream structure to strike the fusion trade-off between RGB and depth (D). The D quality usually varies from scene to scene, while the SOTA bi-stream approaches are depth quality unaware, which easily result in substantial difficulties in achieving complementary fusion status between RGB and D, leading to poor fusion results in facing of low-quality D. Thus, this paper attempts to integrate a novel depth quality aware subnet into the classic bi-stream structure, aiming to assess the depth quality before conducting the selective RGB-D fusion. Compared with the SOTA bi-stream methods, the major highlight of our method is its ability to lessen the importance of those low-quality, no-contribution, or even negative-contribution D regions during the RGB-D fusion, achieving a much improved complementary status between RGB and D.      
### 7.Depth Quality-aware Selective Saliency Fusion for RGB-D Image Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04158.pdf)
>  Fully convolutional networks have shown outstanding performance in the salient object detection (SOD) field. The state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods have a tendency to become deeper and more complex, which easily homogenize their learned deep features, resulting in a clear performance bottleneck. In sharp contrast to the conventional ``deeper'' schemes, this paper proposes a ``wider'' network architecture which consists of parallel sub networks with totally different network architectures. In this way, those deep features obtained via these two sub networks will exhibit large diversity, which will have large potential to be able to complement with each other. However, a large diversity may easily lead to the feature conflictions, thus we use the dense short-connections to enable a recursively interaction between the parallel sub networks, pursuing an optimal complementary status between multi-model deep features. Finally, all these complementary multi-model deep features will be selectively fused to make high-performance salient object detections. Extensive experiments on several famous benchmarks clearly demonstrate the superior performance, good generalization, and powerful learning ability of the proposed wider framework.      
### 8.Knowing Depth Quality In Advance: A Depth Quality Assessment Method For RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04157.pdf)
>  Previous RGB-D salient object detection (SOD) methods have widely adopted deep learning tools to automatically strike a trade-off between RGB and D (depth), whose key rationale is to take full advantage of their complementary nature, aiming for a much-improved SOD performance than that of using either of them solely. However, such fully automatic fusions may not always be helpful for the SOD task because the D quality itself usually varies from scene to scene. It may easily lead to a suboptimal fusion result if the D quality is not considered beforehand. Moreover, as an objective factor, the D quality has long been overlooked by previous work. As a result, it is becoming a clear performance bottleneck. Thus, we propose a simple yet effective scheme to measure D quality in advance, the key idea of which is to devise a series of features in accordance with the common attributes of high-quality D regions. To be more concrete, we conduct D quality assessments for each image region, following a multi-scale methodology that includes low-level edge consistency, mid-level regional uncertainty and high-level model variance. All these components will be computed independently and then be assembled with RGB and D features, applied as implicit indicators, to guide the selective fusion. Compared with the state-of-the-art fusion schemes, our method can achieve a more reasonable fusion status between RGB and D. Specifically, the proposed D quality measurement method achieves steady performance improvements for almost 2.0\% in general.      
### 9.Deep Sketch-guided Cartoon Video Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04149.pdf)
>  We propose a novel framework to produce cartoon videos by fetching the color information from two input keyframes while following the animated motion guided by a user sketch. The key idea of the proposed approach is to estimate the dense cross-domain correspondence between the sketch and cartoon video frames, following by a blending module with occlusion estimation to synthesize the middle frame guided by the sketch. After that, the inputs and the synthetic frame equipped with established correspondence are fed into an arbitrary-time frame interpolation pipeline to generate and refine additional inbetween frames. Finally, a video post-processing approach is used to further improve the result. Compared to common frame interpolation methods, our approach can address frames with relatively large motion and also has the flexibility to enable users to control the generated video sequences by editing the sketch guidance. By explicitly considering the correspondence between frames and the sketch, our methods can achieve high-quality synthetic results compared with image synthesis methods. Our results show that our system generalizes well to different movie frames, achieving better results than existing solutions.      
### 10.Vision Meets Wireless Positioning: Effective Person Re-identification with Recurrent Context Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04146.pdf)
>  Existing person re-identification methods rely on the visual sensor to capture the pedestrians. The image or video data from visual sensor inevitably suffers the occlusion and dramatic variations of pedestrian postures, which degrades the re-identification performance and further limits its application to the open environment. On the other hand, for most people, one of the most important carry-on items is the mobile phone, which can be sensed by WiFi and cellular networks in the form of a wireless positioning signal. Such signal is robust to the pedestrian occlusion and visual appearance change, but suffers some positioning error. In this work, we approach person re-identification with the sensing data from both vision and wireless positioning. To take advantage of such cross-modality cues, we propose a novel recurrent context propagation module that enables information to propagate between visual data and wireless positioning data and finally improves the matching accuracy. To evaluate our approach, we contribute a new Wireless Positioning Person Re-identification (WP-ReID) dataset. Extensive experiments are conducted and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. Code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yolomax/WP-ReID" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.T-GD: Transferable GAN-generated Images Detection Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04115.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) enable the generation of highly realistic images, raising concerns about their misuse for malicious purposes. Detecting these GAN-generated images (GAN-images) becomes increasingly challenging due to the significant reduction of underlying artifacts and specific patterns. The absence of such traces can hinder detection algorithms from identifying GAN-images and transferring knowledge to identify other types of GAN-images as well. In this work, we present the Transferable GAN-images Detection framework T-GD, a robust transferable framework for an effective detection of GAN-images. T-GD is composed of a teacher and a student model that can iteratively teach and evaluate each other to improve the detection performance. First, we train the teacher model on the source dataset and use it as a starting point for learning the target dataset. To train the student model, we inject noise by mixing up the source and target datasets, while constraining the weight variation to preserve the starting point. Our approach is a self-training method, but distinguishes itself from prior approaches by focusing on improving the transferability of GAN-image detection. T-GD achieves high performance on the source dataset by overcoming catastrophic forgetting and effectively detecting state-of-the-art GAN-images with only a small volume of data without any metadata information.      
### 12.Improved Adaptive Type-2 Fuzzy Filter with Exclusively Two Fuzzy Membership Function for Filtering Salt and Pepper Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04114.pdf)
>  Image denoising is one of the preliminary steps in image processing methods in which the presence of noise can deteriorate the image quality. To overcome this limitation, in this paper a improved two-stage fuzzy filter is proposed for filtering salt and pepper noise from the images. In the first-stage, the pixels in the image are categorized as good or noisy based on adaptive thresholding using type-2 fuzzy logic with exclusively two different membership functions in the filter window. In the second-stage, the noisy pixels are denoised using modified ordinary fuzzy logic in the respective filter window. The proposed filter is validated on standard images with various noise levels. The proposed filter removes the noise and preserves useful image characteristics, i.e., edges and corners at higher noise level. The performance of the proposed filter is compared with the various state-of-the-art methods in terms of peak signal-to-noise ratio and computation time. To show the effectiveness of filter statistical tests, i.e., Friedman test and Bonferroni-Dunn (BD) test are also carried out which clearly ascertain that the proposed filter outperforms in comparison of various filtering approaches.      
### 13.Fighting Deepfake by Exposing the Convolutional Traces on Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04095.pdf)
>  Advances in Artificial Intelligence and Image Processing are changing the way people interacts with digital images and video. Widespread mobile apps like FACEAPP make use of the most advanced Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) to produce extreme transformations on human face photos such gender swap, aging, etc. The results are utterly realistic and extremely easy to be exploited even for non-experienced users. This kind of media object took the name of Deepfake and raised a new challenge in the multimedia forensics field: the Deepfake detection challenge. Indeed, discriminating a Deepfake from a real image could be a difficult task even for human eyes but recent works are trying to apply the same technology used for generating images for discriminating them with preliminary good results but with many limitations: employed Convolutional Neural Networks are not so robust, demonstrate to be specific to the context and tend to extract semantics from images. In this paper, a new approach aimed to extract a Deepfake fingerprint from images is proposed. The method is based on the Expectation-Maximization algorithm trained to detect and extract a fingerprint that represents the Convolutional Traces (CT) left by GANs during image generation. The CT demonstrates to have high discriminative power achieving better results than state-of-the-art in the Deepfake detection task also proving to be robust to different attacks. Achieving an overall classification accuracy of over 98%, considering Deepfakes from 10 different GAN architectures not only involved in images of faces, the CT demonstrates to be reliable and without any dependence on image semantic. Finally, tests carried out on Deepfakes generated by FACEAPP achieving 93% of accuracy in the fake detection task, demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed technique on a real-case scenario.      
### 14.Adversarial Examples on Object Recognition: A Comprehensive Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04094.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are at the forefront of machine learning research. However, despite achieving impressive performance on complex tasks, they can be very sensitive: Small perturbations of inputs can be sufficient to induce incorrect behavior. Such perturbations, called adversarial examples, are intentionally designed to test the network's sensitivity to distribution drifts. Given their surprisingly small size, a wide body of literature conjectures on their existence and how this phenomenon can be mitigated. In this article we discuss the impact of adversarial examples on security, safety, and robustness of neural networks. We start by introducing the hypotheses behind their existence, the methods used to construct or protect against them, and the capacity to transfer adversarial examples between different machine learning models. Altogether, the goal is to provide a comprehensive and self-contained survey of this growing field of research.      
### 15.Driving among Flatmobiles: Bird-Eye-View occupancy grids from a monocular camera for holistic trajectory planning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04047.pdf)
>  Camera-based end-to-end driving neural networks bring the promise of a low-cost system that maps camera images to driving control commands. These networks are appealing because they replace laborious hand engineered building blocks but their black-box nature makes them difficult to delve in case of failure. Recent works have shown the importance of using an explicit intermediate representation that has the benefits of increasing both the interpretability and the accuracy of networks' decisions. Nonetheless, these camera-based networks reason in camera view where scale is not homogeneous and hence not directly suitable for motion forecasting. In this paper, we introduce a novel monocular camera-only holistic end-to-end trajectory planning network with a Bird-Eye-View (BEV) intermediate representation that comes in the form of binary Occupancy Grid Maps (OGMs). To ease the prediction of OGMs in BEV from camera images, we introduce a novel scheme where the OGMs are first predicted as semantic masks in camera view and then warped in BEV using the homography between the two planes. The key element allowing this transformation to be applied to 3D objects such as vehicles, consists in predicting solely their footprint in camera-view, hence respecting the flat world hypothesis implied by the homography.      
### 16.Cooperative Bi-path Metric for Few-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04031.pdf)
>  Given base classes with sufficient labeled samples, the target of few-shot classification is to recognize unlabeled samples of novel classes with only a few labeled samples. Most existing methods only pay attention to the relationship between labeled and unlabeled samples of novel classes, which do not make full use of information within base classes. In this paper, we make two contributions to investigate the few-shot classification problem. First, we report a simple and effective baseline trained on base classes in the way of traditional supervised learning, which can achieve comparable results to the state of the art. Second, based on the baseline, we propose a cooperative bi-path metric for classification, which leverages the correlations between base classes and novel classes to further improve the accuracy. Experiments on two widely used benchmarks show that our method is a simple and effective framework, and a new state of the art is established in the few-shot classification field.      
### 17.Invertible Neural BRDF for Object Inverse Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04030.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel neural network-based BRDF model and a Bayesian framework for object inverse rendering, i.e., joint estimation of reflectance and natural illumination from a single image of an object of known geometry. The BRDF is expressed with an invertible neural network, namely, normalizing flow, which provides the expressive power of a high-dimensional representation, computational simplicity of a compact analytical model, and physical plausibility of a real-world BRDF. We extract the latent space of real-world reflectance by conditioning this model, which directly results in a strong reflectance prior. We refer to this model as the invertible neural BRDF model (iBRDF). We also devise a deep illumination prior by leveraging the structural bias of deep neural networks. By integrating this novel BRDF model and reflectance and illumination priors in a MAP estimation formulation, we show that this joint estimation can be computed efficiently with stochastic gradient descent. We experimentally validate the accuracy of the invertible neural BRDF model on a large number of measured data and demonstrate its use in object inverse rendering on a number of synthetic and real images. The results show new ways in which deep neural networks can help solve challenging radiometric inverse problems.      
### 18.Road Segmentation for Remote Sensing Images using Adversarial Spatial Pyramid Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04021.pdf)
>  Road extraction in remote sensing images is of great importance for a wide range of applications. Because of the complex background, and high density, most of the existing methods fail to accurately extract a road network that appears correct and complete. Moreover, they suffer from either insufficient training data or high costs of manual annotation. To address these problems, we introduce a new model to apply structured domain adaption for synthetic image generation and road segmentation. We incorporate a feature pyramid network into generative adversarial networks to minimize the difference between the source and target domains. A generator is learned to produce quality synthetic images, and the discriminator attempts to distinguish them. We also propose a feature pyramid network that improves the performance of the proposed model by extracting effective features from all the layers of the network for describing different scales objects. Indeed, a novel scale-wise architecture is introduced to learn from the multi-level feature maps and improve the semantics of the features. For optimization, the model is trained by a joint reconstruction loss function, which minimizes the difference between the fake images and the real ones. A wide range of experiments on three datasets prove the superior performance of the proposed approach in terms of accuracy and efficiency. In particular, our model achieves state-of-the-art 78.86 IOU on the Massachusetts dataset with 14.89M parameters and 86.78B FLOPs, with 4x fewer FLOPs but higher accuracy (+3.47% IOU) than the top performer among state-of-the-art approaches used in the evaluation.      
### 19.SynDistNet: Self-Supervised Monocular Fisheye Camera Distance Estimation Synergized with Semantic Segmentation for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04017.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art self-supervised learning approaches for monocular depth estimation usually suffer from scale ambiguity. They do not generalize well when applied on distance estimation for complex projection models such as in fisheye and omnidirectional cameras. In this paper, we introduce a novel multi-task learning strategy to improve self-supervised monocular distance estimation on fisheye and pinhole camera images. Our contribution to this work is threefold: Firstly, we introduce a novel distance estimation network architecture using a self-attention based encoder coupled with robust semantic feature guidance to the decoder that can be trained in a one-stage fashion. Secondly, we integrate a generalized robust loss function, which improves performance significantly while removing the need for hyperparameter tuning with the reprojection loss. Finally, we reduce the artifacts caused by dynamic objects violating static world assumption by using a semantic masking strategy. We significantly improve upon the RMSE of previous work on fisheye by 25% reduction in RMSE. As there is limited work on fisheye cameras, we evaluated the proposed method on KITTI using a pinhole model.We achieved state-of-the-art performance among self-supervised methods without requiring an external scale estimation.      
### 20.MHSA-Net: Multi-Head Self-Attention Network for Occluded Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04015.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel person re-identification model, named Multi-Head Self-Attention Network (MHSA-Net), to prune unimportant information and capture key local information from person images. MHSA-Net contains two main novel components: Multi-Head Self-Attention Branch (MHSAB) and Attention Competition Mechanism (ACM). The MHSAM adaptively captures key local person information, and then produces effective diversity embeddings of an image for the person matching. The ACM further helps filter out attention noise and non-key information. Through extensive ablation studies, we verified that the Structured Self-Attention Branch and Attention Competition Mechanism both contribute to the performance improvement of the MHSA-Net. Our MHSA-Net achieves state-of-the-art performance especially on images with occlusions. We have released our models (and will release the source codes after the paper is accepted) on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hongchenphd/MHSA-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Incomplete Descriptor Mining with Elastic Loss for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04010.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel person Re-ID model, Consecutive Batch DropBlock Network (CBDB-Net), to help the person Re-ID model to capture the attentive and robust person descriptor. The CBDB-Net contains two novel modules: the Consecutive Batch DropBlock Module (CBDBM) and the Elastic Loss. In the Consecutive Batch DropBlock Module (CBDBM), it firstly conducts uniform partition on the feature maps. And then, the CBDBM independently and continuously drops each patch from top to bottom on the feature maps, which outputs multiple incomplete features to push the model to capture the robust person descriptor. In the Elastic Loss, we design a novel weight control item to help the deep model adaptively balance hard sample pairs and easy sample pairs in the whole training process. Through an extensive set of ablation studies, we verify that the Consecutive Batch DropBlock Module (CBDBM) and the Elastic Loss each contribute to the performance boosts of CBDB-Net. We demonstrate that our CBDB-Net can achieve the competitive performance on the three generic person Re-ID datasets (the Market-1501, the DukeMTMC-Re-ID, and the CUHK03 dataset), three occlusion Person Re-ID datasets (the Occluded DukeMTMC, the Partial-REID, and the Partial iLIDS dataset), and the other image retrieval dataset (In-Shop Clothes Retrieval dataset).      
### 22.HAPI: Hardware-Aware Progressive Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03997.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have recently become the state-of-the-art in a diversity of AI tasks. Despite their popularity, CNN inference still comes at a high computational cost. A growing body of work aims to alleviate this by exploiting the difference in the classification difficulty among samples and early-exiting at different stages of the network. Nevertheless, existing studies on early exiting have primarily focused on the training scheme, without considering the use-case requirements or the deployment platform. This work presents HAPI, a novel methodology for generating high-performance early-exit networks by co-optimising the placement of intermediate exits together with the early-exit strategy at inference time. Furthermore, we propose an efficient design space exploration algorithm which enables the faster traversal of a large number of alternative architectures and generates the highest-performing design, tailored to the use-case requirements and target hardware. Quantitative evaluation shows that our system consistently outperforms alternative search mechanisms and state-of-the-art early-exit schemes across various latency budgets. Moreover, it pushes further the performance of highly optimised hand-crafted early-exit CNNs, delivering up to 5.11x speedup over lightweight models on imposed latency-driven SLAs for embedded devices.      
### 23.2nd Place Scheme on Action Recognition Track of ECCV 2020 VIPriors Challenges: An Efficient Optical Flow Stream Guided Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03996.pdf)
>  To address the problem of training on small datasets for action recognition tasks, most prior works are either based on a large number of training samples or require pre-trained models transferred from other large datasets to tackle overfitting problems. However, it limits the research within organizations that have strong computational abilities. In this work, we try to propose a data-efficient framework that can train the model from scratch on small datasets while achieving promising results. Specifically, by introducing a 3D central difference convolution operation, we proposed a novel C3D neural network-based two-stream (Rank Pooling RGB and Optical Flow) framework for the task. The method is validated on the action recognition track of the ECCV 2020 VIPriors challenges and got the 2nd place (88.31%). It is proved that our method can achieve a promising result even without a pre-trained model on large scale datasets. The code will be released soon.      
### 24.Deep Reinforcement Learning with Label Embedding Reward for Supervised Image Hashing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03973.pdf)
>  Deep hashing has shown promising results in image retrieval and recognition. Despite its success, most existing deep hashing approaches are rather similar: either multi-layer perceptron or CNN is applied to extract image feature, followed by different binarization activation functions such as sigmoid, tanh or autoencoder to generate binary code. In this work, we introduce a novel decision-making approach for deep supervised hashing. We formulate the hashing problem as travelling across the vertices in the binary code space, and learn a deep Q-network with a novel label embedding reward defined by Bose-Chaudhuri-Hocquenghem (BCH) codes to explore the best path. Extensive experiments and analysis on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE dataset show that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art supervised hashing methods under various code lengths.      
### 25.Unsupervised Deep-Learning Based Deformable Image Registration: A Bayesian Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03949.pdf)
>  Unsupervised deep-learning (DL) models were recently proposed for deformable image registration tasks. In such models, a neural-network is trained to predict the best deformation field by minimizing some dissimilarity function between the moving and the target images. After training on a dataset without reference deformation fields available, such a model can be used to rapidly predict the deformation field between newly seen moving and target images. Currently, the training process effectively provides a point-estimate of the network weights rather than characterizing their entire posterior distribution. This may result in a potential over-fitting which may yield sub-optimal results at inference phase, especially for small-size datasets, frequently present in the medical imaging domain. We introduce a fully Bayesian framework for unsupervised DL-based deformable image registration. Our method provides a principled way to characterize the true posterior distribution, thus, avoiding potential over-fitting. We used stochastic gradient Langevin dynamics (SGLD) to conduct the posterior sampling, which is both theoretically well-founded and computationally efficient. We demonstrated the added-value of our Basyesian unsupervised DL-based registration framework on the MNIST and brain MRI (MGH10) datasets in comparison to the VoxelMorph unsupervised DL-based image registration framework. Our experiments show that our approach provided better estimates of the deformation field by means of improved mean-squared-error ($0.0063$ vs. $0.0065$) and Dice coefficient ($0.73$ vs. $0.71$) for the MNIST and the MGH10 datasets respectively. Further, our approach provides an estimate of the uncertainty in the deformation-field by characterizing the true posterior distribution.      
### 26.Projected-point-based Segmentation: A New Paradigm for LiDAR Point Cloud Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03928.pdf)
>  Most point-based semantic segmentation methods are designed for indoor scenarios, but many applications such as autonomous driving vehicles require accurate segmentation for outdoor scenarios. For this goal, light detection and ranging (LiDAR) sensors are often used to collect outdoor environmental data. The problem is that directly applying previous point-based segmentation methods to LiDAR point clouds usually leads to unsatisfactory results due to the domain gap between indoor and outdoor scenarios. To address such a domain gap, we propose a new paradigm, namely projected-point-based methods, to transform point-based methods to a suitable form for LiDAR point cloud segmentation by utilizing the characteristics of LiDAR point clouds. Specifically, we utilize the inherent ordered information of LiDAR points for point sampling and grouping, thus reducing unnecessary computation. All computations are carried out on the projected image, and there are only pointwise convolutions and matrix multiplication in projected-point-based methods. We compare projected-point-based methods with point-based methods on the challenging SemanticKITTI dataset, and experimental results demonstrate that projected-point-based methods achieve better accuracy than all baselines more efficiently. Even with a simple baseline architecture, projected-point-based methods perform favorably against previous state-of-the-art methods. The code will be released upon paper acceptance.      
### 27.Measuring shape relations using r-parallel sets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03927.pdf)
>  Geometrical measurements of biological objects form the basis of many quantitative analyses. Hausdorff measures such as the volume and the area of objects are simple and popular descriptors of individual objects, however, for most biological processes, the interaction between objects cannot be ignored, and the shape and function of neighboring objects are mutually influential. <br>In this paper, we present a theory on the geometrical interaction between objects based on the theory of spatial point processes. Our theory is based on the relation between two objects: a reference and an observed object. We generate the $r$-parallel sets of the reference object, we calculate the intersection between the $r$-parallel sets and the observed object, and we define measures on these intersections. Our measures are simple like the volume and area of an object, but describe further details about the shape of individual objects and their pairwise geometrical relation. Finally, we propose a summary statistics for collections of shapes and their interaction. <br>We evaluate these measures on a publicly available FIB-SEM 3D data set of an adult rodent.      
### 28.Lane Detection Model Based on Spatio-Temporal Network with Double ConvGRUs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03922.pdf)
>  Lane detection is one of the indispensable and key elements of self-driving environmental perception. Many lane detection models have been proposed, solving lane detection under challenging conditions, including intersection merging and splitting, curves, boundaries, occlusions and combinations of scene types. Nevertheless, lane detection will remain an open problem for some time to come. The ability to cope well with those challenging scenes impacts greatly the applications of lane detection on advanced driver assistance systems (ADASs). In this paper, a spatio-temporal network with double Convolutional Gated Recurrent Units (ConvGRUs) is proposed to address lane detection in challenging scenes. Both of ConvGRUs have the same structures, but different locations and functions in our network. One is used to extract the information of the most likely low-level features of lane markings. The extracted features are input into the next layer of the end-to-end network after concatenating them with the outputs of some blocks. The other one takes some continuous frames as its input to process the spatio-temporal driving information. Extensive experiments on the large-scale Tusimple lane marking challenge dataset and Unsupervised LLAMAS dataset demonstrate that the proposed model can effectively detect lanes in the challenging driving scenes. Our model can outperform the state-of-the-art lane detection models.      
### 29.Automatic Failure Recovery and Re-Initialization for Online UAV Tracking with Joint Scale and Aspect Ratio Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03915.pdf)
>  Current unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) visual tracking algorithms are primarily limited with respect to: (i) the kind of size variation they can deal with, (ii) the implementation speed which hardly meets the real-time requirement. In this work, a real-time UAV tracking algorithm with powerful size estimation ability is proposed. Specifically, the overall tracking task is allocated to two 2D filters: (i) translation filter for location prediction in the space domain, (ii) size filter for scale and aspect ratio optimization in the size domain. Besides, an efficient two-stage re-detection strategy is introduced for long-term UAV tracking tasks. Large-scale experiments on four UAV benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of the presented method which has computation feasibility on a low-cost CPU.      
### 30.DR^2Track: Towards Real-Time Visual Tracking for UAV via Distractor Repressed Dynamic Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03912.pdf)
>  Visual tracking has yielded promising applications with unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). In literature, the advanced discriminative correlation filter (DCF) type trackers generally distinguish the foreground from the background with a learned regressor which regresses the implicit circulated samples into a fixed target label. However, the predefined and unchanged regression target results in low robustness and adaptivity to uncertain aerial tracking scenarios. In this work, we exploit the local maximum points of the response map generated in the detection phase to automatically locate current distractors. By repressing the response of distractors in the regressor learning, we can dynamically and adaptively alter our regression target to leverage the tracking robustness as well as adaptivity. Substantial experiments conducted on three challenging UAV benchmarks demonstrate both excellent performance and extraordinary speed (~50fps on a cheap CPU) of our tracker.      
### 31.Prototype Mixture Models for Few-shot Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03898.pdf)
>  Few-shot segmentation is challenging because objects within the support and query images could significantly differ in appearance and pose. Using a single prototype acquired directly from the support image to segment the query image causes semantic ambiguity. In this paper, we propose prototype mixture models (PMMs), which correlate diverse image regions with multiple prototypes to enforce the prototype-based semantic representation. Estimated by an Expectation-Maximization algorithm, PMMs incorporate rich channel-wised and spatial semantics from limited support images. Utilized as representations as well as classifiers, PMMs fully leverage the semantics to activate objects in the query image while depressing background regions in a duplex manner. Extensive experiments on Pascal VOC and MS-COCO datasets show that PMMs significantly improve upon state-of-the-arts. Particularly, PMMs improve 5-shot segmentation performance on MS-COCO by up to 5.82\% with only a moderate cost for model size and inference speed.      
### 32.IF-Net: An Illumination-invariant Feature Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03897.pdf)
>  Feature descriptor matching is a critical step is many computer vision applications such as image stitching, image retrieval and visual localization. However, it is often affected by many practical factors which will degrade its performance. Among these factors, illumination variations are the most influential one, and especially no previous descriptor learning works focus on dealing with this problem. In this paper, we propose IF-Net, aimed to generate a robust and generic descriptor under crucial illumination changes conditions. We find out not only the kind of training data important but also the order it is presented. To this end, we investigate several dataset scheduling methods and propose a separation training scheme to improve the matching accuracy. Further, we propose a ROI loss and hard-positive mining strategy along with the training scheme, which can strengthen the ability of generated descriptor dealing with large illumination change conditions. We evaluate our approach on public patch matching benchmark and achieve the best results compared with several state-of-the-arts methods. To show the practicality, we further evaluate IF-Net on the task of visual localization under large illumination changes scenes, and achieves the best localization accuracy.      
### 33.RocNet: Recursive Octree Network for Efficient 3D Deep Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03875.pdf)
>  We introduce a deep recursive octree network for the compression of 3D voxel data. Our network compresses a voxel grid of any size down to a very small latent space in an autoencoder-like network. We show results for compressing 32, 64 and 128 grids down to just 80 floats in the latent space. We demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed method on several publicly available datasets with three experiments: 3D shape classification, 3D shape reconstruction, and shape generation. Experimental results show that our algorithm maintains accuracy while consuming less memory with shorter training times compared to existing methods, especially in 3D reconstruction tasks.      
### 34.Nighttime Dehazing with a Synthetic Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03864.pdf)
>  Increasing the visibility of nighttime hazy images is challenging because of uneven illumination from active artificial light sources and haze absorbing/scattering. The absence of large-scale benchmark datasets hampers progress in this area. To address this issue, we propose a novel synthetic method called 3R to simulate nighttime hazy images from daytime clear images, which first reconstructs the scene geometry, then simulates the light rays and object reflectance, and finally renders the haze effects. Based on it, we generate realistic nighttime hazy images by sampling real-world light colors from a prior empirical distribution. Experiments on the synthetic benchmark show that the degrading factors jointly reduce the image quality. To address this issue, we propose an optimal-scale maximum reflectance prior to disentangle the color correction from haze removal and address them sequentially. Besides, we also devise a simple but effective learning-based baseline which has an encoder-decoder structure based on the MobileNet-v2 backbone. Experiment results demonstrate their superiority over state-of-the-art methods in terms of both image quality and runtime. Both the dataset and source code will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chaimi2013/3R" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 35.Domain Private and Agnostic Feature for Modality Adaptive Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03848.pdf)
>  Heterogeneous face recognition is a challenging task due to the large modality discrepancy and insufficient cross-modal samples. Most existing works focus on discriminative feature transformation, metric learning and cross-modal face synthesis. However, the fact that cross-modal faces are always coupled by domain (modality) and identity information has received little attention. Therefore, how to learn and utilize the domain-private feature and domain-agnostic feature for modality adaptive face recognition is the focus of this work. Specifically, this paper proposes a Feature Aggregation Network (FAN), which includes disentangled representation module (DRM), feature fusion module (FFM) and adaptive penalty metric (APM) learning session. First, in DRM, two subnetworks, i.e. domain-private network and domain-agnostic network are specially designed for learning modality features and identity features, respectively. Second, in FFM, the identity features are fused with domain features to achieve cross-modal bi-directional identity feature transformation, which, to a large extent, further disentangles the modality information and identity information. Third, considering that the distribution imbalance between easy and hard pairs exists in cross-modal datasets, which increases the risk of model bias, the identity preserving guided metric learning with adaptive hard pairs penalization is proposed in our FAN. The proposed APM also guarantees the cross-modality intra-class compactness and inter-class separation. Extensive experiments on benchmark cross-modal face datasets show that our FAN outperforms SOTA methods.      
### 36.Dual In-painting Model for Unsupervised Gaze Correction and Animation in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03834.pdf)
>  In this paper we address the problem of unsupervised gaze correction in the wild, presenting a solution that works without the need for precise annotations of the gaze angle and the head pose. We have created a new dataset called CelebAGaze, which consists of two domains X, Y, where the eyes are either staring at the camera or somewhere else. Our method consists of three novel modules: the Gaze Correction module (GCM), the Gaze Animation module (GAM), and the Pretrained Autoencoder module (PAM). Specifically, GCM and GAM separately train a dual in-painting network using data from the domain $X$ for gaze correction and data from the domain $Y$ for gaze animation. Additionally, a Synthesis-As-Training method is proposed when training GAM to encourage the features encoded from the eye region to be correlated with the angle information, resulting in a gaze animation which can be achieved by interpolation in the latent space. To further preserve the identity information~(e.g., eye shape, iris color), we propose the PAM with an Autoencoder, which is based on Self-Supervised mirror learning where the bottleneck features are angle-invariant and which works as an extra input to the dual in-painting models. Extensive experiments validate the effectiveness of the proposed method for gaze correction and gaze animation in the wild and demonstrate the superiority of our approach in producing more compelling results than state-of-the-art baselines. Our code, the pretrained models and the supplementary material are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhangqianhui/GazeAnimation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Neural Reflectance Fields for Appearance Acquisition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03824.pdf)
>  We present Neural Reflectance Fields, a novel deep scene representation that encodes volume density, normal and reflectance properties at any 3D point in a scene using a fully-connected neural network. We combine this representation with a physically-based differentiable ray marching framework that can render images from a neural reflectance field under any viewpoint and light. We demonstrate that neural reflectance fields can be estimated from images captured with a simple collocated camera-light setup, and accurately model the appearance of real-world scenes with complex geometry and reflectance. Once estimated, they can be used to render photo-realistic images under novel viewpoint and (non-collocated) lighting conditions and accurately reproduce challenging effects like specularities, shadows and occlusions. This allows us to perform high-quality view synthesis and relighting that is significantly better than previous methods. We also demonstrate that we can compose the estimated neural reflectance field of a real scene with traditional scene models and render them using standard Monte Carlo rendering engines. Our work thus enables a complete pipeline from high-quality and practical appearance acquisition to 3D scene composition and rendering.      
### 38.Unsupervised Feature Learning by Cross-Level Discrimination between Instances and Groups  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03813.pdf)
>  Unsupervised feature learning has made great strides with invariant mapping and instance-level discrimination, as benchmarked by classification on common datasets. However, these datasets are curated to be distinctive and class-balanced, whereas naturally collected data could be highly correlated within the class (with repeats at the extreme) and long-tail distributed across classes. The natural grouping of instances conflicts with the fundamental assumption of instance-level discrimination. Contrastive feature learning is thus unstable without grouping, whereas grouping without contrastive feature learning is easily trapped into degeneracy. We propose to integrate grouping into instance-level discrimination, not by imposing group-level discrimination, but by imposing cross-level discrimination between instances and groups. Our key insight is that attraction and repulsion between instances work at different ranges. In order to discover the most discriminative feature that also respects natural grouping, we ask each instance to repel groups of instances that are far from it. By pushing against common groups, this cross-level repulsion actively binds similar instances together. To further avoid the clash between grouping and discrimination objectives, we also impose them on separate features derived from the common feature. Our extensive experimentation demonstrates not only significant gain on datasets with high correlation and long-tail distributions, but also leading performance on multiple self-supervision benchmarks including CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and ImageNet, bringing unsupervised feature learning closer to real data applications.      
### 39.Neural Light Transport for Relighting and View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03806.pdf)
>  The light transport (LT) of a scene describes how it appears under different lighting and viewing directions, and complete knowledge of a scene's LT enables the synthesis of novel views under arbitrary lighting. In this paper, we focus on image-based LT acquisition, primarily for human bodies within a light stage setup. We propose a semi-parametric approach to learn a neural representation of LT that is embedded in the space of a texture atlas of known geometric properties, and model all non-diffuse and global LT as residuals added to a physically-accurate diffuse base rendering. In particular, we show how to fuse previously seen observations of illuminants and views to synthesize a new image of the same scene under a desired lighting condition from a chosen viewpoint. This strategy allows the network to learn complex material effects (such as subsurface scattering) and global illumination, while guaranteeing the physical correctness of the diffuse LT (such as hard shadows). With this learned LT, one can relight the scene photorealistically with a directional light or an HDRI map, synthesize novel views with view-dependent effects, or do both simultaneously, all in a unified framework using a set of sparse, previously seen observations. Qualitative and quantitative experiments demonstrate that our neural LT (NLT) outperforms state-of-the-art solutions for relighting and view synthesis, without separate treatment for both problems that prior work requires.      
### 40.Spatiotemporal Contrastive Video Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03800.pdf)
>  We present a self-supervised Contrastive Video Representation Learning (CVRL) method to learn spatiotemporal visual representations from unlabeled videos. Inspired by the recently proposed self-supervised contrastive learning framework, our representations are learned using a contrastive loss, where two clips from the same short video are pulled together in the embedding space, while clips from different videos are pushed away. We study what makes for good data augmentation for video self-supervised learning and find both spatial and temporal information are crucial. In particular, we propose a simple yet effective temporally consistent spatial augmentation method to impose strong spatial augmentations on each frame of a video clip while maintaining the temporal consistency across frames. For Kinetics-600 action recognition, a linear classifier trained on representations learned by CVRL achieves 64.1\% top-1 accuracy with a 3D-ResNet50 backbone, outperforming ImageNet supervised pre-training by 9.4\% and SimCLR unsupervised pre-training by 16.1\% using the same inflated 3D-ResNet50. The performance of CVRL can be further improved to 68.2\% with a larger 3D-ResNet50 (4$\times$) backbone, significantly closing the gap between unsupervised and supervised video representation learning.      
### 41.Richly Activated Graph Convolutional Network for Robust Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03791.pdf)
>  Current methods for skeleton-based human action recognition usually work with complete skeletons. However, in real scenarios, it is inevitable to capture incomplete or noisy skeletons, which could significantly deteriorate the performance of current methods when some informative joints are occluded or disturbed. To improve the robustness of action recognition models, a multi-stream graph convolutional network (GCN) is proposed to explore sufficient discriminative features spreading over all skeleton joints, so that the distributed redundant representation reduces the sensitivity of the action models to non-standard skeletons. Concretely, the backbone GCN is extended by a series of ordered streams which is responsible for learning discriminative features from the joints less activated by preceding streams. Here, the activation degrees of skeleton joints of each GCN stream are measured by the class activation maps (CAM), and only the information from the unactivated joints will be passed to the next stream, by which rich features over all active joints are obtained. Thus, the proposed method is termed richly activated GCN (RA-GCN). Compared to the state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods, the RA-GCN achieves comparable performance on the standard NTU RGB+D 60 and 120 datasets. More crucially, on the synthetic occlusion and jittering datasets, the performance deterioration due to the occluded and disturbed joints can be significantly alleviated by utilizing the proposed RA-GCN.      
### 42.3D Human Motion Estimation via Motion Compression and Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03789.pdf)
>  We develop a technique for generating smooth and accurate 3D human pose and motion estimates from RGB video sequences. Our technique, which we call Motion Estimation via Variational Autoencoder (MEVA), decomposes a temporal sequence of human motion into a smooth motion representation using auto-encoder-based motion compression and a residual representation learned through motion refinement. This two-step encoding of human motion captures human motion in two stages: a general human motions estimation step that captures the coarse overall motion, and a residual estimation that adds back person-specific motion details. Experiments show that our method produces both smooth and accurate 3D human pose and motion estimates.      
### 43.Flow-Guided Attention Networks for Video-Based Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03788.pdf)
>  Person Re-Identification (ReID) is an important problem in many video analytics and surveillance applications,where a person's identity must be associated across a distributed network of cameras. Video-based person ReID has recently gained much interest because it can capture discriminant spatio-temporal information that is unavailable for image-based ReID. Despite recent advances, deep learning models for video ReID often fail to leverage this information to improve the robustness of feature representations. In this paper, the motion pattern of a person is explored as an additional cue for ReID. In particular, two different flow-guided attention networks are proposed for fusion with any 2D-CNN backbone, allowing to encode temporal information along with spatial appearance information.Our first proposed network called Gated Attention relies on optical flow to generate gated attention with video-based feature that embed spatially. Hence the proposed framework allows to activate a common set of salient features across multiple frames. In contrast, our second network called Mutual Attention relies on the joint attention between image and optical flow features. This enables spatial attention between both sources of features, across motion and appearance cues. Both methods introduce a feature aggregation method that produce video features by identifying salient spatio-temporal information.Extensive experiments on two challenging video datasets indicate that using the proposed flow-guided spatio-temporal attention networks allows to improve recognition accuracy considerably, outperforming state-of-the-art methods for video-based person ReID. Additionally, our Mutual Attention network is able to process longer frame sequences with a wider range of appearance variations for highly accurate recognition.      
### 44.SemEval-2020 Task 8: Memotion Analysis -- The Visuo-Lingual Metaphor!  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03781.pdf)
>  Information on social media comprises of various modalities such as textual, visual and audio. NLP and Computer Vision communities often leverage only one prominent modality in isolation to study social media. However, the computational processing of Internet memes needs a hybrid approach. The growing ubiquity of Internet memes on social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, and Twiter further suggests that we can not ignore such multimodal content anymore. To the best of our knowledge, there is not much attention towards meme emotion analysis. The objective of this proposal is to bring the attention of the research community towards the automatic processing of Internet memes. The task Memotion analysis released approx 10K annotated memes, with human-annotated labels namely sentiment (positive, negative, neutral), type of emotion (sarcastic, funny, offensive, motivation) and their corresponding intensity. The challenge consisted of three subtasks: sentiment (positive, negative, and neutral) analysis of memes, overall emotion (humour, sarcasm, offensive, and motivational) classification of memes, and classifying intensity of meme emotion. The best performances achieved were F1 (macro average) scores of 0.35, 0.51 and 0.32, respectively for each of the three subtasks.      
### 45.Depth image denoising using nuclear norm and learning graph model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03741.pdf)
>  The depth images denoising are increasingly becoming the hot research topic nowadays because they reflect the three-dimensional (3D) scene and can be applied in various fields of computer vision. But the depth images obtained from depth camera usually contain stains such as noise, which greatly impairs the performance of depth related applications. In this paper, considering that group-based image restoration methods are more effective in gathering the similarity among patches, a group based nuclear norm and learning graph (GNNLG) model was proposed. For each patch, we find and group the most similar patches within a searching window. The intrinsic low-rank property of the grouped patches is exploited in our model. In addition, we studied the manifold learning method and devised an effective optimized learning strategy to obtain the graph Laplacian matrix, which reflects the topological structure of image, to further impose the smoothing priors to the denoised depth image. To achieve fast speed and high convergence, the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) is proposed to solve our GNNLG. The experimental results show that the proposed method is superior to other current state-of-the-art denoising methods in both subjective and objective criterion.      
### 46.Recurrent Feature Reasoning for Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03737.pdf)
>  Existing inpainting methods have achieved promising performance for recovering regular or small image defects. However, filling in large continuous holes remains difficult due to the lack of constraints for the hole center. In this paper, we devise a Recurrent Feature Reasoning (RFR) network which is mainly constructed by a plug-and-play Recurrent Feature Reasoning module and a Knowledge Consistent Attention (KCA) module. Analogous to how humans solve puzzles (i.e., first solve the easier parts and then use the results as additional information to solve difficult parts), the RFR module recurrently infers the hole boundaries of the convolutional feature maps and then uses them as clues for further inference. The module progressively strengthens the constraints for the hole center and the results become explicit. To capture information from distant places in the feature map for RFR, we further develop KCA and incorporate it in RFR. Empirically, we first compare the proposed RFR-Net with existing backbones, demonstrating that RFR-Net is more efficient (e.g., a 4\% SSIM improvement for the same model size). We then place the network in the context of the current state-of-the-art, where it exhibits improved performance. The corresponding source code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jingyuanli001/RFR-Inpainting" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 47.SOFA-Net: Second-Order and First-order Attention Network for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03723.pdf)
>  Automated crowd counting from images/videos has attracted more attention in recent years because of its wide application in smart cities. But modelling the dense crowd heads is challenging and most of the existing works become less reliable. To obtain the appropriate crowd representation, in this work we proposed SOFA-Net(Second-Order and First-order Attention Network): second-order statistics were extracted to retain selectivity of the channel-wise spatial information for dense heads while first-order statistics, which can enhance the feature discrimination for the heads' areas, were used as complementary information. Via a multi-stream architecture, the proposed second/first-order statistics were learned and transformed into attention for robust representation refinement. We evaluated our method on four public datasets and the performance reached state-of-the-art on most of them. Extensive experiments were also conducted to study the components in the proposed SOFA-Net, and the results suggested the high-capability of second/first-order statistics on modelling crowd in challenging scenarios. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first work to explore the second/first-order statistics for crowd counting.      
### 48.Online Extrinsic Camera Calibration for Temporally Consistent IPM Using Lane Boundary Observations with a Lane Width Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03722.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method for online extrinsic camera calibration, i.e., estimating pitch, yaw, roll angles and camera height from road surface in sequential driving scene images. The proposed method estimates the extrinsic camera parameters in two steps: 1) pitch and yaw angles are estimated simultaneously using a vanishing point computed from a set of lane boundary observations, and then 2) roll angle and camera height are computed by minimizing difference between lane width observations and a lane width prior. The extrinsic camera parameters are sequentially updated using extended Kalman filtering (EKF) and are finally used to generate a temporally consistent bird-eye-view (BEV) image by inverse perspective mapping (IPM). We demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method in synthetic and real-world datasets.      
### 49.1-Point RANSAC-Based Method for Ground Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03718.pdf)
>  Solving Perspective-n-Point (PnP) problems is a traditional way of estimating object poses. Given outlier-contaminated data, a pose of an object is calculated with PnP algorithms of n = {3, 4} in the RANSAC-based scheme. However, the computational complexity considerably increases along with n and the high complexity imposes a severe strain on devices which should estimate multiple object poses in real time. In this paper, we propose an efficient method based on 1-point RANSAC for estimating a pose of an object on the ground. In the proposed method, a pose is calculated with 1-DoF parameterization by using a ground object assumption and a 2D object bounding box as an additional observation, thereby achieving the fastest performance among the RANSAC-based methods. In addition, since the method suffers from the errors of the additional information, we propose a hierarchical robust estimation method for polishing a rough pose estimate and discovering more inliers in a coarse-to-fine manner. The experiments in synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method.      
### 50.I2L-MeshNet: Image-to-Lixel Prediction Network for Accurate 3D Human Pose and Mesh Estimation from a Single RGB Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03713.pdf)
>  Most of the previous image-based 3D human pose and mesh estimation methods estimate parameters of the human mesh model from an input image. However, directly regressing the parameters from the input image is a highly non-linear mapping because it breaks the spatial relationship between pixels in the input image. In addition, it cannot model the prediction uncertainty, which can make training harder. To resolve the above issues, we propose I2L-MeshNet, an image-to-lixel (line+pixel) prediction network. The proposed I2L-MeshNet predicts the per-lixel likelihood on 1D heatmaps for each mesh vertex coordinate instead of directly regressing the parameters. Our lixel-based 1D heatmap preserves the spatial relationship in the input image and models the prediction uncertainty. We demonstrate the benefit of the image-to-lixel prediction and show that the proposed I2L-MeshNet outperforms previous methods. The code is publicly available \footnote{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mks0601/I2L-MeshNet_RELEASE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 51.Block Shuffle: A Method for High-resolution Fast Style Transfer with Limited Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03706.pdf)
>  Fast Style Transfer is a series of Neural Style Transfer algorithms that use feed-forward neural networks to render input images. Because of the high dimension of the output layer, these networks require much memory for computation. Therefore, for high-resolution images, most mobile devices and personal computers cannot stylize them, which greatly limits the application scenarios of Fast Style Transfer. At present, the two existing solutions are purchasing more memory and using the feathering-based method, but the former requires additional cost, and the latter has poor image quality. To solve this problem, we propose a novel image synthesis method named \emph{block shuffle}, which converts a single task with high memory consumption to multiple subtasks with low memory consumption. This method can act as a plug-in for Fast Style Transfer without any modification to the network architecture. We use the most popular Fast Style Transfer repository on GitHub as the baseline. Experiments show that the quality of high-resolution images generated by our method is better than that of the feathering-based method. Although our method is an order of magnitude slower than the baseline, it can stylize high-resolution images with limited memory, which is impossible with the baseline. The code and models will be made available on \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/czczup/block-shuffle" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 52.Learning Consistency Pursued Correlation Filters for Real-Time UAV Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03704.pdf)
>  Correlation filter (CF)-based methods have demonstrated exceptional performance in visual object tracking for unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) applications, but suffer from the undesirable boundary effect. To solve this issue, spatially regularized correlation filters (SRDCF) proposes the spatial regularization to penalize filter coefficients, thereby significantly improving the tracking performance. However, the temporal information hidden in the response maps is not considered in SRDCF, which limits the discriminative power and the robustness for accurate tracking. This work proposes a novel approach with dynamic consistency pursued correlation filters, i.e., the CPCF tracker. Specifically, through a correlation operation between adjacent response maps, a practical consistency map is generated to represent the consistency level across frames. By minimizing the difference between the practical and the scheduled ideal consistency map, the consistency level is constrained to maintain temporal smoothness, and rich temporal information contained in response maps is introduced. Besides, a dynamic constraint strategy is proposed to further improve the adaptability of the proposed tracker in complex situations. Comprehensive experiments are conducted on three challenging UAV benchmarks, i.e., UAV123@10FPS, UAVDT, and DTB70. Based on the experimental results, the proposed tracker favorably surpasses the other 25 state-of-the-art trackers with real-time running speed ($\sim$43FPS) on a single CPU.      
### 53.Fully Automated Photogrammetric Data Segmentation and Object Information Extraction Approach for Creating Simulation Terrain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03697.pdf)
>  Our previous works have demonstrated that visually realistic 3D meshes can be automatically reconstructed with low-cost, off-the-shelf unmanned aerial systems (UAS) equipped with capable cameras, and efficient photogrammetric software techniques. However, such generated data do not contain semantic information/features of objects (i.e., man-made objects, vegetation, ground, object materials, etc.) and cannot allow the sophisticated user-level and system-level interaction. Considering the use case of the data in creating realistic virtual environments for training and simulations (i.e., mission planning, rehearsal, threat detection, etc.), segmenting the data and extracting object information are essential tasks. Thus, the objective of this research is to design and develop a fully automated photogrammetric data segmentation and object information extraction framework. To validate the proposed framework, the segmented data and extracted features were used to create virtual environments in the authors previously designed simulation tool i.e., Aerial Terrain Line of Sight Analysis System (ATLAS). The results showed that 3D mesh trees could be replaced with geo-typical 3D tree models using the extracted individual tree locations. The extracted tree features (i.e., color, width, height) are valuable for selecting the appropriate tree species and enhance visual quality. Furthermore, the identified ground material information can be taken into consideration for pathfinding. The shortest path can be computed not only considering the physical distance, but also considering the off-road vehicle performance capabilities on different ground surface materials.      
### 54.Radar-based Dynamic Occupancy Grid Mapping and Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03696.pdf)
>  Environment modeling utilizing sensor data fusion and object tracking is crucial for safe automated driving. In recent years, the classical occupancy grid map approach, which assumes a static environment, has been extended to dynamic occupancy grid maps, which maintain the possibility of a low-level data fusion while also estimating the position and velocity distribution of the dynamic local environment. This paper presents the further development of a previous approach. To the best of the author's knowledge, there is no publication about dynamic occupancy grid mapping with subsequent analysis based only on radar data. Therefore in this work, the data of multiple radar sensors are fused, and a grid-based object tracking and mapping method is applied. Subsequently, the clustering of dynamic areas provides high-level object information. For comparison, also a lidar-based method is developed. The approach is evaluated qualitatively and quantitatively with real-world data from a moving vehicle in urban environments. The evaluation illustrates the advantages of the radar-based dynamic occupancy grid map, considering different comparison metrics.      
### 55.LiDAR Data Enrichment Using Deep Learning Based on High-Resolution Image: An Approach to Achieve High-Performance LiDAR SLAM Using Low-cost LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03694.pdf)
>  LiDAR-based SLAM algorithms are extensively studied to providing robust and accurate positioning for autonomous driving vehicles (ADV) in the past decades. Satisfactory performance can be obtained using high-grade 3D LiDAR with 64 channels, which can provide dense point clouds. Unfortunately, the high price significantly prevents its extensive commercialization in ADV. The cost-effective 3D LiDAR with 16 channels is a promising replacement. However, only limited and sparse point clouds can be provided by the 16 channels LiDAR, which cannot guarantee sufficient positioning accuracy for ADV in challenging dynamic environments. The high-resolution image from the low-cost camera can provide ample information about the surroundings. However, the explicit depth information is not available from the image. Inspired by the complementariness of 3D LiDAR and camera, this paper proposes to make use of the high-resolution images from a camera to enrich the raw 3D point clouds from the low-cost 16 channels LiDAR based on a state-of-the-art deep learning algorithm. An ERFNet is firstly employed to segment the image with the aid of the raw sparse 3D point clouds. Meanwhile, the sparse convolutional neural network is employed to predict the dense point clouds based on raw sparse 3D point clouds. Then, the predicted dense point clouds are fused with the segmentation outputs from ERFnet using a novel multi-layer convolutional neural network to refine the predicted 3D point clouds. Finally, the enriched point clouds are employed to perform LiDAR SLAM based on the state-of-the-art normal distribution transform (NDT). We tested our approach on the re-edited KITTI datasets: (1)the sparse 3D point clouds are significantly enriched with a mean square error of 1.1m MSE. (2)the map generated from the LiDAR SLAM is denser which includes more details without significant accuracy loss.      
### 56.From depth image to semantic scene synthesis through point cloud classification and labeling: Application to assistive systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03685.pdf)
>  The aim of this work is to provide a semantic scene synthesis from depth image. First, depth image is segmented and each segment is classified in the context of assistive systems using a deep learning network. Second, inspired by the Braille system and the Japanese writing system Kanji, the obtained classes are coded with semantic labels. A semantic scene is then synthesized using the labels and extracted features. Experiments are conducted on noisy, occluded, cropped and incomplete data including acquired depth images of indoor scenes and datasets from the RMRC challenge. The obtained results are reported and discussed.      
### 57.Feature Space Augmentation for Long-Tailed Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03673.pdf)
>  Real-world data often follow a long-tailed distribution as the frequency of each class is typically different. For example, a dataset can have a large number of under-represented classes and a few classes with more than sufficient data. However, a model to represent the dataset is usually expected to have reasonably homogeneous performances across classes. Introducing class-balanced loss and advanced methods on data re-sampling and augmentation are among the best practices to alleviate the data imbalance problem. However, the other part of the problem about the under-represented classes will have to rely on additional knowledge to recover the missing information. <br>In this work, we present a novel approach to address the long-tailed problem by augmenting the under-represented classes in the feature space with the features learned from the classes with ample samples. In particular, we decompose the features of each class into a class-generic component and a class-specific component using class activation maps. Novel samples of under-represented classes are then generated on the fly during training stages by fusing the class-specific features from the under-represented classes with the class-generic features from confusing classes. Our results on different datasets such as iNaturalist, ImageNet-LT, Places-LT and a long-tailed version of CIFAR have shown the state of the art performances.      
### 58.Augmenting Molecular Images with Vector Representations as a Featurization Technique for Drug Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03646.pdf)
>  One of the key steps in building deep learning systems for drug classification and generation is the choice of featurization for the molecules. Previous featurization methods have included molecular images, binary strings, graphs, and SMILES strings. This paper proposes the creation of molecular images captioned with binary vectors that encode information not contained in or easily understood from a molecular image alone. Specifically, we use Morgan fingerprints, which encode higher level structural information, and MACCS keys, which encode yes or no questions about a molecules properties and structure. We tested our method on the HIV dataset published by the Pande lab, which consists of 41,127 molecules labeled by if they inhibit the HIV virus. Our final model achieved a state of the art AUC ROC on the HIV dataset, outperforming all other methods. Moreover, the model converged significantly faster than most other methods, requiring dramatically less computational power than unaugmented images.      
### 59.Forget About the LiDAR: Self-Supervised Depth Estimators with MED Probability Volumes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03633.pdf)
>  Self-supervised depth estimators have recently shown results comparable to the supervised methods on the challenging single image depth estimation (SIDE) task, by exploiting the geometrical relations between target and reference views in the training data. However, previous methods usually learn forward or backward image synthesis, but not depth estimation, as they cannot effectively neglect occlusions between the target and the reference images. Previous works rely on rigid photometric assumptions or the SIDE network to infer depth and occlusions, resulting in limited performance. On the other hand, we propose a method to "Forget About the LiDAR" (FAL), for the training of depth estimators, with Mirrored Exponential Disparity (MED) probability volumes, from which we obtain geometrically inspired occlusion maps with our novel Mirrored Occlusion Module (MOM). Our MOM does not impose a burden on our FAL-net. Contrary to the previous methods that learn SIDE from stereo pairs by regressing disparity in the linear space, our FAL-net regresses disparity by binning it into the exponential space, which allows for better detection of distant and nearby objects. We define a two-step training strategy for our FAL-net: It is first trained for view synthesis and then fine-tuned for depth estimation with our MOM. Our FAL-net is remarkably light-weight and outperforms the previous state-of-the-art methods with 8x fewer parameters and 3x faster inference speeds on the challenging KITTI dataset. We present extensive experimental results on the KITTI, CityScapes, and Make3D datasets to verify our method's effectiveness. To the authors' best knowledge, the presented method performs the best among all the previous self-supervised methods until now.      
### 60.Appearance-free Tripartite Matching for Multiple Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03628.pdf)
>  Multiple Object Tracking (MOT) detects the trajectories of multiple objects given an input video, and it has become more and more popular in various research and industry areas, such as cell tracking for biomedical research and human tracking in video surveillance. We target at the general MOT problem regardless of the object appearance. The appearance-free tripartite matching is proposed to avoid the irregular velocity problem of traditional bipartite matching. The tripartite matching is formulated as maximizing the likelihood of the state vectors constituted of the position and velocity of objects, and a dynamic programming algorithm is employed to solve such maximum likelihood estimate (MLE). To overcome the high computational cost induced by the vast search space of dynamic programming, we decompose the space by the number of disappearing objects and propose a reduced-space approach by truncating the decomposition. Extensive simulations have shown the superiority and efficiency of our proposed method. We also applied our method to track the motion of natural killer cells around tumor cells in a cancer research.      
### 61.Tracking in Crowd is Challenging: Analyzing Crowd based on Physical Characteristics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03614.pdf)
>  Currently, the safety of people has become a very important problem in different places including subway station, universities, colleges, airport, shopping mall and square, city squares. Therefore, considering intelligence event detection systems is more and urgently required. The event detection method is developed to identify abnormal behavior intelligently, so public can take action as soon as possible to prevent unwanted activities. The problem is very challenging due to high crowd density in different areas. One of these issues is occlusion due to which individual tracking and analysis becomes impossible as shown in Fig. 1. Secondly, more challenging is the proper representation of individual behavior in the crowd. We consider a novel method to deal with these challenges. Considering the challenge of tracking, we partition complete frame into smaller patches, and extract motion pattern to demonstrate the motion in each individual patch. For this purpose, our work takes into account KLT corners as consolidated features to describe moving regions and track these features by considering optical flow method. To embed motion patterns, we develop and consider the distribution of all motion information in a patch as Gaussian distribution, and formulate parameters of Gaussian model as our motion pattern descriptor.      
### 62.Enhance CNN Robustness Against Noises for Classficiation of 12-Lead ECG with Variable Length  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03609.pdf)
>  Electrocardiogram (ECG) is the most widely used diagnostic tool to monitor the condition of the cardiovascular system. Deep neural networks (DNNs), have been developed in many research labs for automatic interpretation of ECG signals to identify potential abnormalities in patient hearts. Studies have shown that given a sufficiently large amount of data, the classification accuracy of DNNs could reach human-expert cardiologist level. However, despite of the excellent performance in classification accuracy, it has been shown that DNNs are highly vulnerable to adversarial noises which are subtle changes in input of a DNN and lead to a wrong class-label prediction with a high confidence. Thus, it is challenging and essential to improve robustness of DNNs against adversarial noises for ECG signal classification, a life-critical application. In this work, we designed a CNN for classification of 12-lead ECG signals with variable length, and we applied three defense methods to improve robustness of this CNN for this classification task. The ECG data in this study is very challenging because the sample size is limited, and the length of each ECG recording varies in a large range. The evaluation results show that our customized CNN reached satisfying F1 score and average accuracy, comparable to the top-6 entries in the CPSC2018 ECG classification challenge, and the defense methods enhanced robustness of our CNN against adversarial noises and white noises, with a minimal reduction in accuracy on clean data.      
### 63.From Rain Removal to Rain Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03580.pdf)
>  Single image deraining is an important yet challenging issue due to the complex and diverse rain structures in real scenes. Currently, the state-of-the-art performance on this task is achieved by deep learning (DL)-based methods that mainly benefit from abundant pre-collected paired rainy-clean samples either manually synthesized or semi-automatically generated under human supervision. This tends to bring a large labor for data collection and more importantly, such manner neglects to elaborately explore the intrinsic generative mechanism of rain streaks which should be related to the most insightful understanding of the task. Against this issue, we investigate the generative process of rainy image and construct a full Bayesian generative model for generating rains from automatically extracted latent variables that represent physical structural factors for depicting rains, like direction, scale, and thickness. To solve this model, we propose an algorithm where the posteriors of latent variables are parameterized as CNNs and all the involved parameters can be inferred under a concise variational inference framework in a data-driven manner. Especially, the rain layer is modeled as an implicit distribution, parameterized as a generator, which avoids subjective prior assumptions on rains as in traditional model-based methods. More practically, from the learned generator, rain patches can be automatically generated and utilized to simulate diverse training pairs so as to enrich and augment the existing benchmark datasets. Comprehensive experiments substantiate that the proposed model has fine capability of generating plausible samples that not only helps significantly improve the deraining performance of current DL-based single image derainers, but also largely loosens the requirement of large training sample pre-collection for the task.      
### 64.Cross-modal Center Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03561.pdf)
>  Cross-modal retrieval aims to learn discriminative and modal-invariant features for data from different modalities. Unlike the existing methods which usually learn from the features extracted by offline networks, in this paper, we propose an approach to jointly train the components of cross-modal retrieval framework with metadata, and enable the network to find optimal features. The proposed end-to-end framework is updated with three loss functions: 1) a novel cross-modal center loss to eliminate cross-modal discrepancy, 2) cross-entropy loss to maximize inter-class variations, and 3) mean-square-error loss to reduce modality variations. In particular, our proposed cross-modal center loss minimizes the distances of features from objects belonging to the same class across all modalities. Extensive experiments have been conducted on the retrieval tasks across multi-modalities, including 2D image, 3D point cloud, and mesh data. The proposed framework significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on the ModelNet40 dataset.      
### 65.LPMNet: Latent Part Modification and Generation for 3D Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03560.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on latent modification and generation of 3D point cloud object models with respect to their semantic parts. Different to the existing methods which use separate networks for part generation and assembly, we propose a single end-to-end Autoencoder model that can handle generation and modification of both semantic parts, and global shapes. The proposed method supports part exchange between 3D point cloud models and composition by different parts to form new models by directly editing latent representations. This holistic approach does not need part-based training to learn part representations and does not introduce any extra loss besides the standard reconstruction loss. The experiments demonstrate the robustness of the proposed method with different object categories and varying number of points. The method can generate new models by integration of generative models such as GANs and VAEs and can work with unannotated point clouds by integration of a segmentation module.      
### 66.Assisting Scene Graph Generation with Self-Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03555.pdf)
>  Research in scene graph generation has quickly gained traction in the past few years because of its potential to help in downstream tasks like visual question answering, image captioning, etc. Many interesting approaches have been proposed to tackle this problem. Most of these works have a pre-trained object detection model as a preliminary feature extractor. Therefore, getting object bounding box proposals from the object detection model is relatively cheaper. We take advantage of this ready availability of bounding box annotations produced by the pre-trained detector. We propose a set of three novel yet simple self-supervision tasks and train them as auxiliary multi-tasks to the main model. While comparing, we train the base-model from scratch with these self-supervision tasks, we achieve state-of-the-art results in all the metrics and recall settings. We also resolve some of the confusion between two types of relationships: geometric and possessive, by training the model with the proposed self-supervision losses. We use the benchmark dataset, Visual Genome to conduct our experiments and show our results.      
### 67.Forming Local Intersections of Projections for Classifying and Searching Histopathology Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03553.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel image descriptor called Forming Local Intersections of Projections (FLIP) and its multi-resolution version (mFLIP) for representing histopathology images. The descriptor is based on the Radon transform wherein we apply parallel projections in small local neighborhoods of gray-level images. Using equidistant projection directions in each window, we extract unique and invariant characteristics of the neighborhood by taking the intersection of adjacent projections. Thereafter, we construct a histogram for each image, which we call the FLIP histogram. Various resolutions provide different FLIP histograms which are then concatenated to form the mFLIP descriptor. Our experiments included training common networks from scratch and fine-tuning pre-trained networks to benchmark our proposed descriptor. Experiments are conducted on the publicly available dataset KIMIA Path24 and KIMIA Path960. For both of these datasets, FLIP and mFLIP descriptors show promising results in all experiments.Using KIMIA Path24 data, FLIP outperformed non-fine-tuned Inception-v3 and fine-tuned VGG16 and mFLIP outperformed fine-tuned Inception-v3 in feature extracting.      
### 68.Learning CNN filters from user-drawn image markers for coconut-tree image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03549.pdf)
>  Identifying species of trees in aerial images is essential for land-use classification, plantation monitoring, and impact assessment of natural disasters. The manual identification of trees in aerial images is tedious, costly, and error-prone, so automatic classification methods are necessary. Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models have well succeeded in image classification applications from different domains. However, CNN models usually require intensive manual annotation to create large training sets. One may conceptually divide a CNN into convolutional layers for feature extraction and fully connected layers for feature space reduction and classification. We present a method that needs a minimal set of user-selected images to train the CNN's feature extractor, reducing the number of required images to train the fully connected layers. The method learns the filters of each convolutional layer from user-drawn markers in image regions that discriminate classes, allowing better user control and understanding of the training process. It does not rely on optimization based on backpropagation, and we demonstrate its advantages on the binary classification of coconut-tree aerial images against one of the most popular CNN models.      
### 69.A Unified Framework for Shot Type Classification Based on Subject Centric Lens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03548.pdf)
>  Shots are key narrative elements of various videos, e.g. movies, TV series, and user-generated videos that are thriving over the Internet. The types of shots greatly influence how the underlying ideas, emotions, and messages are expressed. The technique to analyze shot types is important to the understanding of videos, which has seen increasing demand in real-world applications in this era. Classifying shot type is challenging due to the additional information required beyond the video content, such as the spatial composition of a frame and camera movement. To address these issues, we propose a learning framework Subject Guidance Network (SGNet) for shot type recognition. SGNet separates the subject and background of a shot into two streams, serving as separate guidance maps for scale and movement type classification respectively. To facilitate shot type analysis and model evaluations, we build a large-scale dataset MovieShots, which contains 46K shots from 7K movie trailers with annotations of their scale and movement types. Experiments show that our framework is able to recognize these two attributes of shot accurately, outperforming all the previous methods.      
### 70.Online Multi-modal Person Search in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03546.pdf)
>  The task of searching certain people in videos has seen increasing potential in real-world applications, such as video organization and editing. Most existing approaches are devised to work in an offline manner, where identities can only be inferred after an entire video is examined. This working manner precludes such methods from being applied to online services or those applications that require real-time responses. In this paper, we propose an online person search framework, which can recognize people in a video on the fly. This framework maintains a multimodal memory bank at its heart as the basis for person recognition, and updates it dynamically with a policy obtained by reinforcement learning. Our experiments on a large movie dataset show that the proposed method is effective, not only achieving remarkable improvements over online schemes but also outperforming offline methods.      
### 71.HASeparator: Hyperplane-Assisted Softmax  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03539.pdf)
>  Efficient feature learning with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) constitutes an increasingly imperative property since several challenging tasks of computer vision tend to require cascade schemes and modalities fusion. Feature learning aims at CNN models capable of extracting embeddings, exhibiting high discrimination among the different classes, as well as intra-class compactness. In this paper, a novel approach is introduced that has separator, which focuses on an effective hyperplane-based segregation of the classes instead of the common class centers separation scheme. Accordingly, an innovatory separator, namely the Hyperplane-Assisted Softmax separator (HASeparator), is proposed that demonstrates superior discrimination capabilities, as evaluated on popular image classification benchmarks.      
### 72.How Trustworthy are the Existing Performance Evaluations for Basic Vision Tasks?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03533.pdf)
>  Performance evaluation is indispensable to the advancement of machine vision, yet its consistency and rigour have not received proportionate attention. This paper examines performance evaluation criteria for basic vision tasks namely, object detection, instance-level segmentation and multi-object tracking. Specifically, we advocate the use of criteria that are (i) consistent with mathematical requirements such as the metric properties, (ii) contextually meaningful in sanity tests, and (iii) robust to hyper-parameters for reliability. We show that many widely used performance criteria do not fulfill these requirements. Moreover, we explore alternative criteria for detection, segmentation, and tracking, using metrics for sets of shapes, and assess them against these requirements.      
### 73.Multimodal Image-to-Image Translation via Mutual Information Estimation and Maximization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03529.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel framework that can achieve multimodal image-to-image translation by simply encouraging the statistical dependence between the latent code and the output image in conditional generative adversarial networks. In addition, by incorporating a U-net generator into our framework, our method only needs to train a one-sided translation model from the source image domain to the target image domain for both supervised and unsupervised multimodal image-to-image translation. Furthermore, our method also achieves disentanglement between the source domain content and the target domain style for free. We conduct experiments under supervised and unsupervised settings on various benchmark image-to-image translation datasets compared with the state-of-the-art methods, showing the effectiveness and simplicity of our method to achieve multimodal and high-quality results.      
### 74.Unravelling Small Sample Size Problems in the Deep Learning World  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03522.pdf)
>  The growth and success of deep learning approaches can be attributed to two major factors: availability of hardware resources and availability of large number of training samples. For problems with large training databases, deep learning models have achieved superlative performances. However, there are a lot of \textit{small sample size or $S^3$} problems for which it is not feasible to collect large training databases. It has been observed that deep learning models do not generalize well on $S^3$ problems and specialized solutions are required. In this paper, we first present a review of deep learning algorithms for small sample size problems in which the algorithms are segregated according to the space in which they operate, i.e. input space, model space, and feature space. Secondly, we present Dynamic Attention Pooling approach which focuses on extracting global information from the most discriminative sub-part of the feature map. The performance of the proposed dynamic attention pooling is analyzed with state-of-the-art ResNet model on relatively small publicly available datasets such as SVHN, C10, C100, and TinyImageNet.      
### 75.Towards Lossless Binary Convolutional Neural Networks Using Piecewise Approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03520.pdf)
>  Binary Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) can significantly reduce the number of arithmetic operations and the size of memory storage, which makes the deployment of CNNs on mobile or embedded systems more promising. However, the accuracy degradation of single and multiple binary CNNs is unacceptable for modern architectures and large scale datasets like ImageNet. In this paper, we proposed a Piecewise Approximation (PA) scheme for multiple binary CNNs which lessens accuracy loss by approximating full precision weights and activations efficiently and maintains parallelism of bitwise operations to guarantee efficiency. Unlike previous approaches, the proposed PA scheme segments piece-wisely the full precision weights and activations, and approximates each piece with a scaling coefficient. Our implementation on ResNet with different depths on ImageNet can reduce both Top-1 and Top-5 classification accuracy gap compared with full precision to approximately 1.0%. Benefited from the binarization of the downsampling layer, our proposed PA-ResNet50 requires less memory usage and two times Flops than single binary CNNs with 4 weights and 5 activations bases. The PA scheme can also generalize to other architectures like DenseNet and MobileNet with similar approximation power as ResNet which is promising for other tasks using binary convolutions. The code and pretrained models will be publicly available.      
### 76.NASB: Neural Architecture Search for Binary Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03515.pdf)
>  Binary Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have significantly reduced the number of arithmetic operations and the size of memory storage needed for CNNs, which makes their deployment on mobile and embedded systems more feasible. However, the CNN architecture after binarizing requires to be redesigned and refined significantly due to two reasons: 1. the large accumulation error of binarization in the forward propagation, and 2. the severe gradient mismatch problem of binarization in the backward propagation. Even though the substantial effort has been invested in designing architectures for single and multiple binary CNNs, it is still difficult to find an optimal architecture for binary CNNs. In this paper, we propose a strategy, named NASB, which adopts Neural Architecture Search (NAS) to find an optimal architecture for the binarization of CNNs. Due to the flexibility of this automated strategy, the obtained architecture is not only suitable for binarization but also has low overhead, achieving a better trade-off between the accuracy and computational complexity of hand-optimized binary CNNs. The implementation of NASB strategy is evaluated on the ImageNet dataset and demonstrated as a better solution compared to existing quantized CNNs. With the insignificant overhead increase, NASB outperforms existing single and multiple binary CNNs by up to 4.0% and 1.0% Top-1 accuracy respectively, bringing them closer to the precision of their full precision counterpart. The code and pretrained models will be publicly available.      
### 77.Hard Negative Samples Emphasis Tracker without Anchors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03512.pdf)
>  Trackers based on Siamese network have shown tremendous success, because of their balance between accuracy and speed. Nevertheless, with tracking scenarios becoming more and more sophisticated, most existing Siamese-based approaches ignore the addressing of the problem that distinguishes the tracking target from hard negative samples in the tracking phase. The features learned by these networks lack of discrimination, which significantly weakens the robustness of Siamese-based trackers and leads to suboptimal performance. To address this issue, we propose a simple yet efficient hard negative samples emphasis method, which constrains Siamese network to learn features that are aware of hard negative samples and enhance the discrimination of embedding features. Through a distance constraint, we force to shorten the distance between exemplar vector and positive vectors, meanwhile, enlarge the distance between exemplar vector and hard negative vectors. Furthermore, we explore a novel anchor-free tracking framework in a per-pixel prediction fashion, which can significantly reduce the number of hyper-parameters and simplify the tracking process by taking full advantage of the representation of convolutional neural network. Extensive experiments on six standard benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed method can perform favorable results against state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 78.Single-Shot Two-Pronged Detector with Rectified IoU Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03511.pdf)
>  In the CNN based object detectors, feature pyramids are widely exploited to alleviate the problem of scale variation across object instances. These object detectors, which strengthen features via a top-down pathway and lateral connections, are mainly to enrich the semantic information of low-level features, but ignore the enhancement of high-level features. This can lead to an imbalance between different levels of features, in particular a serious lack of detailed information in the high-level features, which makes it difficult to get accurate bounding boxes. In this paper, we introduce a novel two-pronged transductive idea to explore the relationship among different layers in both backward and forward directions, which can enrich the semantic information of low-level features and detailed information of high-level features at the same time. Under the guidance of the two-pronged idea, we propose a Two-Pronged Network (TPNet) to achieve bidirectional transfer between high-level features and low-level features, which is useful for accurately detecting object at different scales. Furthermore, due to the distribution imbalance between the hard and easy samples in single-stage detectors, the gradient of localization loss is always dominated by the hard examples that have poor localization accuracy. This will enable the model to be biased toward the hard samples. So in our TPNet, an adaptive IoU based localization loss, named Rectified IoU (RIoU) loss, is proposed to rectify the gradients of each kind of samples. The Rectified IoU loss increases the gradients of examples with high IoU while suppressing the gradients of examples with low IoU, which can improve the overall localization accuracy of model. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our TPNet and RIoU loss.      
### 79.Hierarchical Bi-Directional Feature Perception Network for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03509.pdf)
>  Previous Person Re-Identification (Re-ID) models aim to focus on the most discriminative region of an image, while its performance may be compromised when that region is missing caused by camera viewpoint changes or occlusion. To solve this issue, we propose a novel model named Hierarchical Bi-directional Feature Perception Network (HBFP-Net) to correlate multi-level information and reinforce each other. First, the correlation maps of cross-level feature-pairs are modeled via low-rank bilinear pooling. Then, based on the correlation maps, Bi-directional Feature Perception (BFP) module is employed to enrich the attention regions of high-level feature, and to learn abstract and specific information in low-level feature. And then, we propose a novel end-to-end hierarchical network which integrates multi-level augmented features and inputs the augmented low- and middle-level features to following layers to retrain a new powerful network. What's more, we propose a novel trainable generalized pooling, which can dynamically select any value of all locations in feature maps to be activated. Extensive experiments implemented on the mainstream evaluation datasets including Market-1501, CUHK03 and DukeMTMC-ReID show that our method outperforms the recent SOTA Re-ID models.      
### 80.RPT: Learning Point Set Representation for Siamese Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03467.pdf)
>  While remarkable progress has been made in robust visual tracking, accurate target state estimation still remains a highly challenging problem. In this paper, we argue that this issue is closely related to the prevalent bounding box representation, which provides only a coarse spatial extent of object. Thus an effcient visual tracking framework is proposed to accurately estimate the target state with a finer representation as a set of representative points. The point set is trained to indicate the semantically and geometrically significant positions of target region, enabling more fine-grained localization and modeling of object appearance. We further propose a multi-level aggregation strategy to obtain detailed structure information by fusing hierarchical convolution layers. Extensive experiments on several challenging benchmarks including OTB2015, VOT2018, VOT2019 and GOT-10k demonstrate that our method achieves new state-of-the-art performance while running at over 20 FPS.      
### 81.PAN: Towards Fast Action Recognition via Learning Persistence of Appearance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03462.pdf)
>  Efficiently modeling dynamic motion information in videos is crucial for action recognition task. Most state-of-the-art methods heavily rely on dense optical flow as motion representation. Although combining optical flow with RGB frames as input can achieve excellent recognition performance, the optical flow extraction is very time-consuming. This undoubtably will count against real-time action recognition. In this paper, we shed light on fast action recognition by lifting the reliance on optical flow. Our motivation lies in the observation that small displacements of motion boundaries are the most critical ingredients for distinguishing actions, so we design a novel motion cue called Persistence of Appearance (PA). In contrast to optical flow, our PA focuses more on distilling the motion information at boundaries. Also, it is more efficient by only accumulating pixel-wise differences in feature space, instead of using exhaustive patch-wise search of all the possible motion vectors. Our PA is over 1000x faster (8196fps vs. 8fps) than conventional optical flow in terms of motion modeling speed. To further aggregate the short-term dynamics in PA to long-term dynamics, we also devise a global temporal fusion strategy called Various-timescale Aggregation Pooling (VAP) that can adaptively model long-range temporal relationships across various timescales. We finally incorporate the proposed PA and VAP to form a unified framework called Persistent Appearance Network (PAN) with strong temporal modeling ability. Extensive experiments on six challenging action recognition benchmarks verify that our PAN outperforms recent state-of-the-art methods at low FLOPs. Codes and models are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhang-can/PAN-PyTorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 82.Hard Class Rectification for Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03455.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation (DA) aims to transfer knowledge from a label-rich and related domain (source domain) to a label-scare domain (target domain). Pseudo-labeling has recently been widely explored and used in DA. However, this line of research is still confined to the inaccuracy of pseudo-labels. In this paper, we reveal an interesting observation that the target samples belonging to the classes with larger domain shift are easier to be misclassified compared with the other classes. These classes are called hard class, which deteriorates the performance of DA and restricts the applications of DA. We propose a novel framework, called Hard Class Rectification Pseudo-labeling (HCRPL), to alleviate the hard class problem from two aspects. First, as is difficult to identify the target samples as hard class, we propose a simple yet effective scheme, named Adaptive Prediction Calibration (APC), to calibrate the predictions of the target samples according to the difficulty degree for each class. Second, we further consider that the predictions of target samples belonging to the hard class are vulnerable to perturbations. To prevent these samples to be misclassified easily, we introduce Temporal-Ensembling (TE) and Self-Ensembling (SE) to obtain consistent predictions. The proposed method is evaluated in both unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) and semi-supervised domain adaptation (SSDA). The experimental results on several real-world cross-domain benchmarks, including ImageCLEF, Office-31 and Office-Home, substantiates the superiority of the proposed method.      
### 83.Meta Feature Modulator for Long-tailed Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03428.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks often degrade significantly when training data suffer from class imbalance problems. Existing approaches, e.g., re-sampling and re-weighting, commonly address this issue by rearranging the label distribution of training data to train the networks fitting well to the implicit balanced label distribution. However, most of them hinder the representative ability of learned features due to insufficient use of intra/inter-sample information of training data. To address this issue, we propose meta feature modulator (MFM), a meta-learning framework to model the difference between the long-tailed training data and the balanced meta data from the perspective of representation learning. Concretely, we employ learnable hyper-parameters (dubbed modulation parameters) to adaptively scale and shift the intermediate features of classification networks, and the modulation parameters are optimized together with the classification network parameters guided by a small amount of balanced meta data. We further design a modulator network to guide the generation of the modulation parameters, and such a meta-learner can be readily adapted to train the classification network on other long-tailed datasets. Extensive experiments on benchmark vision datasets substantiate the superiority of our approach on long-tailed recognition tasks beyond other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 84.Using UNet and PSPNet to explore the reusability principle of CNN parameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03414.pdf)
>  How to reduce the requirement on training dataset size is a hot topic in deep learning community. One straightforward way is to reuse some pre-trained parameters. Some previous work like Deep transfer learning reuse the model parameters trained for the first task as the starting point for the second task, and semi-supervised learning is trained upon a combination of labeled and unlabeled data. However, the fundamental reason of the success of these methods is unclear. In this paper, the reusability of parameters in each layer of a deep convolutional neural network is experimentally quantified by using a network to do segmentation and auto-encoder task. This paper proves that network parameters can be reused for two reasons: first, the network features are general; Second, there is little difference between the pre-trained parameters and the ideal network parameters. Through the use of parameter replacement and comparison, we demonstrate that reusability is different in BN(Batch Normalization)[7] layer and Convolution layer and some observations: (1)Running mean and running variance plays an important role than Weight and Bias in BN layer.(2)The weight and bias can be reused in BN layers.( 3) The network is very sensitive to the weight of convolutional layer.(4) The bias in Convolution layers are not sensitive, and it can be reused directly.      
### 85.Two-branch Recurrent Network for Isolating Deepfakes in Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03412.pdf)
>  The current spike of hyper-realistic faces artificially generated using deepfakes calls for media forensics solutions that are tailored to video streams and work reliably with a low false alarm rate at the video level. We present a method for deepfake detection based on a two-branch network structure that isolates digitally manipulated faces by learning to amplify artifacts while suppressing the high-level face content. Unlike current methods that extract spatial frequencies as a preprocessing step, we propose a two-branch structure: one branch propagates the original information, while the other branch suppresses the face content yet amplifies multi-band frequencies using a Laplacian of Gaussian (LoG) as a bottleneck layer. To better isolate manipulated faces, we derive a novel cost function that, unlike regular classification, compresses the variability of natural faces and pushes away the unrealistic facial samples in the feature space. Our two novel components show promising results on the FaceForensics++, Celeb-DF, and Facebook's DFDC preview benchmarks, when compared to prior work. We then offer a full, detailed ablation study of our network architecture and cost function. Finally, although the bar is still high to get very remarkable figures at a very low false alarm rate, our study shows that we can achieve good video-level performance when cross-testing in terms of video-level AUC.      
### 86.VPC-Net: Completion of 3D Vehicles from MLS Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03404.pdf)
>  Vehicles are the most concerned investigation target as a dynamic and essential component in the road environment of urban scenarios. To monitor their behaviors and extract their geometric characteristics, an accurate and instant measurement of the vehicles plays a vital role in remote sensing and computer vision field. 3D point clouds acquired from the mobile laser scanning (MLS) system deliver 3D information of unprecedented detail of road scenes along with the driving. They have proven to be an adequate data source in the fields of intelligent transportation and autonomous driving, especially for extracting vehicles. However, acquired 3D point clouds of vehicles from MLS systems are inevitably incomplete due to object occlusion or self-occlusion. To tackle this problem, we proposed a neural network to synthesize complete, dense, and uniform point clouds for vehicles from MLS data, named Vehicle Points Completion-Net (VPC-Net). In this network, we introduced a new encoder module to extract global features from the input instance, consisting of a spatial transformer network and point feature enhancement layer. Moreover, a new refiner module is also presented to preserve the vehicle details from inputs and refine the complete outputs with fine-grained information. Given the sparse and partial point clouds of vehicles, the network can generate complete and realistic structures, and keep the fine-grained details from the partial inputs. We evaluated the proposed VPC-Net in different experiments using synthetic and real-scan datasets and applied the results to 3D vehicle monitoring tasks. Quantitative and qualitative experiments demonstrate the promising performance of VPC-Net and show state-of-the-art results.      
### 87.Hybrid Score- and Rank-level Fusion for Person Identification using Face and ECG Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03353.pdf)
>  Uni-modal identification systems are vulnerable to errors in sensor data collection and are therefore more likely to misidentify subjects. For instance, relying on data solely from an RGB face camera can cause problems in poorly lit environments or if subjects do not face the camera. Other identification methods such as electrocardiograms (ECG) have issues with improper lead connections to the skin. Errors in identification are minimized through the fusion of information gathered from both of these models. This paper proposes a methodology for combining the identification results of face and ECG data using Part A of the BioVid Heat Pain Database containing synchronized RGB-video and ECG data on 87 subjects. Using 10-fold cross-validation, face identification was 98.8% accurate, while the ECG identification was 96.1% accurate. By using a fusion approach the identification accuracy improved to 99.8%. Our proposed methodology allows for identification accuracies to be significantly improved by using disparate face and ECG models that have non-overlapping modalities.      
### 88.Informative Dropout for Robust Representation Learning: A Shape-bias Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04254.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are known to rely more on local texture rather than global shape when making decisions. Recent work also indicates a close relationship between CNN's texture-bias and its robustness against distribution shift, adversarial perturbation, random corruption, etc. In this work, we attempt at improving various kinds of robustness universally by alleviating CNN's texture bias. With inspiration from the human visual system, we propose a light-weight model-agnostic method, namely Informative Dropout (InfoDrop), to improve interpretability and reduce texture bias. Specifically, we discriminate texture from shape based on local self-information in an image, and adopt a Dropout-like algorithm to decorrelate the model output from the local texture. Through extensive experiments, we observe enhanced robustness under various scenarios (domain generalization, few-shot classification, image corruption, and adversarial perturbation). To the best of our knowledge, this work is one of the earliest attempts to improve different kinds of robustness in a unified model, shedding new light on the relationship between shape-bias and robustness, also on new approaches to trustworthy machine learning algorithms. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bfshi/InfoDrop" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 89.Learning Invariant Feature Representation to Improve Generalization across Chest X-ray Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04152.pdf)
>  Chest radiography is the most common medical image examination for screening and diagnosis in hospitals. Automatic interpretation of chest X-rays at the level of an entry-level radiologist can greatly benefit work prioritization and assist in analyzing a larger population. Subsequently, several datasets and deep learning-based solutions have been proposed to identify diseases based on chest X-ray images. However, these methods are shown to be vulnerable to shift in the source of data: a deep learning model performing well when tested on the same dataset as training data, starts to perform poorly when it is tested on a dataset from a different source. In this work, we address this challenge of generalization to a new source by forcing the network to learn a source-invariant representation. By employing an adversarial training strategy, we show that a network can be forced to learn a source-invariant representation. Through pneumonia-classification experiments on multi-source chest X-ray datasets, we show that this algorithm helps in improving classification accuracy on a new source of X-ray dataset.      
### 90.Learning Bloch Simulations for MR Fingerprinting by Invertible Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04139.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance fingerprinting (MRF) enables fast and multiparametric MR imaging. Despite fast acquisition, the state-of-the-art reconstruction of MRF based on dictionary matching is slow and lacks scalability. To overcome these limitations, neural network (NN) approaches estimating MR parameters from fingerprints have been proposed recently. Here, we revisit NN-based MRF reconstruction to jointly learn the forward process from MR parameters to fingerprints and the backward process from fingerprints to MR parameters by leveraging invertible neural networks (INNs). As a proof-of-concept, we perform various experiments showing the benefit of learning the forward process, i.e., the Bloch simulations, for improved MR parameter estimation. The benefit especially accentuates when MR parameter estimation is difficult due to MR physical restrictions. Therefore, INNs might be a feasible alternative to the current solely backward-based NNs for MRF reconstruction.      
### 91.An Explainable 3D Residual Self-Attention Deep Neural Network FOR Joint Atrophy Localization and Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis using Structural MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.04024.pdf)
>  Computer-aided early diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease (AD) and its prodromal form mild cognitive impairment (MCI) based on structure Magnetic Resonance Imaging (sMRI) has provided a cost-effective and objective way for early prevention and treatment of disease progression, leading to improved patient care. In this work, we have proposed a novel computer-aided approach for early diagnosis of AD by introducing an explainable 3D Residual Attention Deep Neural Network (3D ResAttNet) for end-to-end learning from sMRI scans. Different from the existing approaches, the novelty of our approach is three-fold: 1) A Residual Self-Attention Deep Neural Network has been proposed to capture local, global and spatial information of MR images to improve diagnostic performance; 2) An explainable method using Gradient-based Localization Class Activation mapping (Grad-CAM) has been introduced to improve the explainable of the proposed method; 3) This work has provided a full end-to-end learning solution for automated disease diagnosis. Our proposed 3D ResAttNet method has been evaluated on a large cohort of subjects from real dataset for two changeling classification tasks (i.e. Alzheimer's disease (AD) vs. Normal cohort (NC) and progressive MCI (pMCI) vs. stable MCI (sMCI)). The experimental results show that the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art models with significant performance improvement. The accuracy for AD vs. NC and sMCI vs. pMCI task are 97.1% and 84.1% respectively. The explainable mechanism in our approach regions is able to identify and highlight the contribution of the important brain parts (hippocampus, lateral ventricle and most parts of the cortex) for transparent decisions.      
### 92.A model-guided deep network for limited-angle computed tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03988.pdf)
>  In this paper, we first propose a variational model for the limited-angle computed tomography (CT) image reconstruction and then convert the model into an end-to-end deep network.We use the penalty method to solve the model and divide it into three iterative subproblems, where the first subproblem completes the sinograms by utilizing the prior information of sinograms in the frequency domain and the second refines the CT images by using the prior information of CT images in the spatial domain, and the last merges the outputs of the first two subproblems. In each iteration, we use the convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to approxiamte the solutions of the first two subproblems and, thus, obtain an end-to-end deep network for the limited-angle CT image reconstruction. Our network tackles both the sinograms and the CT images, and can simultaneously suppress the artifacts caused by the incomplete data and recover fine structural information in the CT images. Experimental results show that our method outperforms the existing algorithms for the limited-angle CT image reconstruction.      
### 93.DQI: A Guide to Benchmark Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03964.pdf)
>  A `state of the art' model A surpasses humans in a benchmark B, but fails on similar benchmarks C, D, and E. What does B have that the other benchmarks do not? Recent research provides the answer: spurious bias. However, developing A to solve benchmarks B through E does not guarantee that it will solve future benchmarks. To progress towards a model that `truly learns' an underlying task, we need to quantify the differences between successive benchmarks, as opposed to existing binary and black-box approaches. We propose a novel approach to solve this underexplored task of quantifying benchmark quality by debuting a data quality metric: DQI.      
### 94.RARTS: a Relaxed Architecture Search Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03901.pdf)
>  Differentiable architecture search (DARTS) is an effective method for data-driven neural network design based on solving a bilevel optimization problem. In this paper, we formulate a single level alternative and a relaxed architecture search (RARTS) method that utilizes training and validation datasets in architecture learning without involving mixed second derivatives of the corresponding loss functions. Through weight/architecture variable splitting and Gauss-Seidel iterations, the core algorithm outperforms DARTS significantly in accuracy and search efficiency, as shown in both a solvable model and CIFAR-10 based architecture search. Our model continues to out-perform DARTS upon transfer to ImageNet and is on par with recent variants of DARTS even though our innovation is purely on the training algorithm.      
### 95.Norm-in-Norm Loss with Faster Convergence and Better Performance for Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03889.pdf)
>  Currently, most image quality assessment (IQA) models are supervised by the MAE or MSE loss with empirically slow convergence. It is well-known that normalization can facilitate fast convergence. Therefore, we explore normalization in the design of loss functions for IQA. Specifically, we first normalize the predicted quality scores and the corresponding subjective quality scores. Then, the loss is defined based on the norm of the differences between these normalized values. The resulting "Norm-in-Norm'' loss encourages the IQA model to make linear predictions with respect to subjective quality scores. After training, the least squares regression is applied to determine the linear mapping from the predicted quality to the subjective quality. It is shown that the new loss is closely connected with two common IQA performance criteria (PLCC and RMSE). Through theoretical analysis, it is proved that the embedded normalization makes the gradients of the loss function more stable and more predictable, which is conducive to the faster convergence of the IQA model. Furthermore, to experimentally verify the effectiveness of the proposed loss, it is applied to solve a challenging problem: quality assessment of in-the-wild images. Experiments on two relevant datasets (KonIQ-10k and CLIVE) show that, compared to MAE or MSE loss, the new loss enables the IQA model to converge about 10 times faster and the final model achieves better performance. The proposed model also achieves state-of-the-art prediction performance on this challenging problem. For reproducible scientific research, our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lidq92/LinearityIQA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 96.Low-Light Maritime Image Enhancement with Regularized Illumination Optimization and Deep Noise Suppression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03765.pdf)
>  Maritime images captured under low-light imaging condition easily suffer from low visibility and unexpected noise, leading to negative effects on maritime traffic supervision and management. To promote imaging performance, it is necessary to restore the important visual information from degraded low-light images. In this paper, we propose to enhance the low-light images through regularized illumination optimization and deep noise suppression. In particular, a hybrid regularized variational model, which combines L0-norm gradient sparsity prior with structure-aware regularization, is presented to refine the coarse illumination map originally estimated using Max-RGB. The adaptive gamma correction method is then introduced to adjust the refined illumination map. Based on the assumption of Retinex theory, a guided filter-based detail boosting method is introduced to optimize the reflection map. The adjusted illumination and optimized reflection maps are finally combined to generate the enhanced maritime images. To suppress the effect of unwanted noise on imaging performance, a deep learning-based blind denoising framework is further introduced to promote the visual quality of enhanced image. In particular, this framework is composed of two sub-networks, i.e., E-Net and D-Net adopted for noise level estimation and non-blind noise reduction, respectively. The main benefit of our image enhancement method is that it takes full advantage of the regularized illumination optimization and deep blind denoising. Comprehensive experiments have been conducted on both synthetic and realistic maritime images to compare our proposed method with several state-of-the-art imaging methods. Experimental results have illustrated its superior performance in terms of both quantitative and qualitative evaluations.      
### 97.A methodology for the measurement of track geometry based on computer vision and inertial sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03763.pdf)
>  This document describes the theory used for the calculation of track geometric irregularities on a Track Geometry Measuring System (TGMS) to be installed in railway vehicles. The TGMS includes a computer for data acquisition and process, a set of sensors including an inertial measuring unit (IMU, 3D gyroscope and 3D accelerometer), two video cameras and an encoder. The main features of the proposed system are: 1. It is capable to measure track alignment, vertical profile, cross-level, gauge, twist and rail-head profile using non-contact technology. 2. It can be installed in line railway vehicles. It is compact and low cost. Provided that the equipment sees the rail heads when the vehicle is moving, it can be installed in any body of the vehicle: at the wheelsets level, above primary suspension (bogie frame) or above the secondary suspension (car body).      
### 98.Switching Loss for Generalized Nucleus Detection in Histopathology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03750.pdf)
>  The accuracy of deep learning methods for two foundational tasks in medical image analysis -- detection and segmentation -- can suffer from class imbalance. We propose a `switching loss' function that adaptively shifts the emphasis between foreground and background classes. While the existing loss functions to address this problem were motivated by the classification task, the switching loss is based on Dice loss, which is better suited for segmentation and detection. Furthermore, to get the most out the training samples, we adapt the loss with each mini-batch, unlike previous proposals that adapt once for the entire training set. A nucleus detector trained using the proposed loss function on a source dataset outperformed those trained using cross-entropy, Dice, or focal losses. Remarkably, without retraining on target datasets, our pre-trained nucleus detector also outperformed existing nucleus detectors that were trained on at least some of the images from the target datasets. To establish a broad utility of the proposed loss, we also confirmed that it led to more accurate ventricle segmentation in MRI as compared to the other loss functions. Our GPU-enabled pre-trained nucleus detection software is also ready to process whole slide images right out-of-the-box and is usably fast.      
### 99.Representative elementary volume via averaged scalar Minkowski functionals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03727.pdf)
>  Representative Elementary Volume (REV) at which the material properties do not vary with change in volume is an important quantity for making measurements or simulations which represent the whole. We discuss the geometrical method to evaluation of REV based on the quantities coming in the Steiner formula from convex geometry. For bodies in the three-space this formula gives us four scalar functionals known as scalar Minkowski functionals. We demonstrate on certain samples that the values of such averaged functionals almost stabilize for cells for which the length of edges are greater than certain threshold value R. Therefore, from this point of view, it is reasonable to consider cubes of volume R^3 as representative elementary volumes.      
### 100.Accelerating Evolutionary Construction Tree Extraction via Graph Partitioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03669.pdf)
>  Extracting a Construction Tree from potentially noisy point clouds is an important aspect of Reverse Engineering tasks in Computer Aided Design. Solutions based on algorithmic geometry impose constraints on usable model representations (e.g. quadric surfaces only) and noise robustness. Re-formulating the problem as a combinatorial optimization problem and solving it with an Evolutionary Algorithm can mitigate some of these constraints at the cost of increased computational complexity. This paper proposes a graph-based search space partitioning scheme that is able to accelerate Evolutionary Construction Tree extraction while exploiting parallelization capabilities of modern CPUs. The evaluation indicates a speed-up up to a factor of $46.6$ compared to the baseline approach while resulting tree sizes increased by $25.2\%$ to $88.6\%$.      
### 101.Encoding Structure-Texture Relation with P-Net for Anomaly Detection in Retinal Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03632.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection in retinal image refers to the identification of abnormality caused by various retinal diseases/lesions, by only leveraging normal images in training phase. Normal images from healthy subjects often have regular structures (e.g., the structured blood vessels in the fundus image, or structured anatomy in optical coherence tomography image). On the contrary, the diseases and lesions often destroy these structures. Motivated by this, we propose to leverage the relation between the image texture and structure to design a deep neural network for anomaly detection. Specifically, we first extract the structure of the retinal images, then we combine both the structure features and the last layer features extracted from original health image to reconstruct the original input healthy image. The image feature provides the texture information and guarantees the uniqueness of the image recovered from the structure. In the end, we further utilize the reconstructed image to extract the structure and measure the difference between structure extracted from original and the reconstructed image. On the one hand, minimizing the reconstruction difference behaves like a regularizer to guarantee that the image is corrected reconstructed. On the other hand, such structure difference can also be used as a metric for normality measurement. The whole network is termed as P-Net because it has a ``P'' shape. Extensive experiments on RESC dataset and iSee dataset validate the effectiveness of our approach for anomaly detection in retinal images. Further, our method also generalizes well to novel class discovery in retinal images and anomaly detection in real-world images.      
### 102.Speech Driven Talking Face Generation from a Single Image and an Emotion Condition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03592.pdf)
>  Visual emotion expression plays an important role in audiovisual speech communication. In this work, we propose a novel approach to rendering visual emotion expression in speech-driven talking face generation. Specifically, we design an end-to-end talking face generation system that takes a speech utterance, a single face image, and a categorical emotion label as input to render a talking face video in sync with the speech and expressing the condition emotion. Objective evaluation on image quality, audiovisual synchronization, and visual emotion expression shows that the proposed system outperforms a state-of-the-art baseline system. Subjective evaluation of visual emotion expression and video realness also demonstrates the superiority of the proposed system. Furthermore, we conduct a pilot study on human emotion recognition of generated videos with mismatched emotions between the audio and visual modalities, and results show that humans reply on the visual modality more significantly than the audio modality on this task.      
### 103.Representation Learning via Cauchy Convolutional Sparse Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03473.pdf)
>  In representation learning, Convolutional Sparse Coding (CSC) enables unsupervised learning of features by jointly optimising both an \(\ell_2\)-norm fidelity term and a sparsity enforcing penalty. This work investigates using a regularisation term derived from an assumed Cauchy prior for the coefficients of the feature maps of a CSC generative model. The sparsity penalty term resulting from this prior is solved via its proximal operator, which is then applied iteratively, element-wise, on the coefficients of the feature maps to optimise the CSC cost function. The performance of the proposed Iterative Cauchy Thresholding (ICT) algorithm in reconstructing natural images is compared against the common choice of \(\ell_1\)-norm optimised via soft and hard thresholding. ICT outperforms IHT and IST in most of these reconstruction experiments across various datasets, with an average PSNR of up to 11.30 and 7.04 above ISTA and IHT respectively.      
### 104.Visual Pattern Recognition with on On-chip Learning: towards a Fully Neuromorphic Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03470.pdf)
>  We present a spiking neural network (SNN) for visual pattern recognition with on-chip learning on neuromorphichardware. We show how this network can learn simple visual patterns composed of horizontal and vertical bars sensed by a Dynamic Vision Sensor, using a local spike-based plasticity rule. During recognition, the network classifies the pattern's identity while at the same time estimating its location and scale. We build on previous work that used learning with neuromorphic hardware in the loop and demonstrate that the proposed network can properly operate with on-chip learning, demonstrating a complete neuromorphic pattern learning and recognition setup. Our results show that the network is robust against noise on the input (no accuracy drop when adding 130% noise) and against up to 20% noise in the neuron parameters.      
### 105.Complex Grey Matter Structure Segmentation in Brains via Deep Learning: Example of the Claustrum  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03465.pdf)
>  Segmentationand parcellation of the brain has been widely performed on brain MRI using atlas-based methods. However, segmentation of the claustrum, a thin and sheet-like structure between insular cortex and putamen has not been amenable to automatized segmentation, thus limiting its investigation in larger imaging cohorts. Recently, deep-learning based approaches have been introduced for automated segmentation of brain structures, yielding great potential to overcome preexisting limitations. In the following, we present a multi-view deep-learning based approach to segment the claustrum in T1-weighted MRI scans. We trained and evaluated the proposed method on 181 manual bilateral claustrum annotations by an expert neuroradiologist serving as reference standard. Cross-validation experiments yielded median volumetric similarity, robust Hausdor? distance and Dice score of 93.3%, 1.41mm and 71.8% respectively which represents equal or superior segmentation performance compared to human intra-rater reliability. Leave-one-scanner-out evaluation showed good transfer-ability of the algorithm to images from unseen scanners, however at slightly inferior performance. Furthermore, we found that AI-based claustrum segmentation benefits from multi-view information and requires sample sizes of around 75 MRI scans in the training set. In conclusion, the developed algorithm has large potential in independent study cohorts and to facilitate MRI-based research of the human claustrum through automated segmentation. The software and models of our method are made publicly available.      
### 106.Dimensionality Reduction via Diffusion Map Improved with Supervised Linear Projection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03440.pdf)
>  When performing classification tasks, raw high dimensional features often contain redundant information, and lead to increased computational complexity and overfitting. In this paper, we assume the data samples lie on a single underlying smooth manifold, and define intra-class and inter-class similarities using pairwise local kernel distances. We aim to find a linear projection to maximize the intra-class similarities and minimize the inter-class similarities simultaneously, so that the projected low dimensional data has optimized pairwise distances based on the label information, which is more suitable for a Diffusion Map to do further dimensionality reduction. Numerical experiments on several benchmark datasets show that our proposed approaches are able to extract low dimensional discriminate features that could help us achieve higher classification accuracy.      
### 107.Auto-weighting for Breast Cancer Classification in Multimodal Ultrasound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03435.pdf)
>  Breast cancer is the most common invasive cancer in women. Besides the primary B-mode ultrasound screening, sonographers have explored the inclusion of Doppler, strain and shear-wave elasticity imaging to advance the diagnosis. However, recognizing useful patterns in all types of images and weighing up the significance of each modality can elude less-experienced clinicians. In this paper, we explore, for the first time, an automatic way to combine the four types of ultrasonography to discriminate between benign and malignant breast nodules. A novel multimodal network is proposed, along with promising learnability and simplicity to improve classification accuracy. The key is using a weight-sharing strategy to encourage interactions between modalities and adopting an additional cross-modalities objective to integrate global information. In contrast to hardcoding the weights of each modality in the model, we embed it in a Reinforcement Learning framework to learn this weighting in an end-to-end manner. Thus the model is trained to seek the optimal multimodal combination without handcrafted heuristics. The proposed framework is evaluated on a dataset contains 1616 set of multimodal images. Results showed that the model scored a high classification accuracy of 95.4%, which indicates the efficiency of the proposed method.      
### 108.Recent Advances and New Guidelines on Hyperspectral and Multispectral Image Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03426.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image (HSI) with high spectral resolution often suffers from low spatial resolution owing to the limitations of imaging sensors. Image fusion is an effective and economical way to enhance the spatial resolution of HSI, which combines HSI with higher spatial resolution multispectral image (MSI) of the same scenario. In the past years, many HSI and MSI fusion algorithms are introduced to obtain high-resolution HSI. However, it lacks a full-scale review for the newly proposed HSI and MSI fusion approaches. To tackle this problem,this work gives a comprehensive review and new guidelines for HSI-MSI fusion. According to the characteristics of HSI-MSI fusion methods, they are categorized as four categories, including pan-sharpening based approaches, matrix factorization based approaches, tensor representation based approaches, and deep convolution neural network based approaches. We make a detailed introduction, discussions, and comparison for the fusion methods in each category. Additionally, the existing challenges and possible future directions for the HSI-MSI fusion are presented.      
### 109.Using PSPNet and UNet to analyze the internal parameter relationship and visualization of the convolutional neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03411.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network(CNN) has achieved great success in many fields, but due to the huge number of parameters, it is very difficult to study. Then, can we start from the parameters themselves to explore the relationship between the internal parameters of CNN? This paper proposes to use the convolution layer parameters substitution with the same convolution kernel setting to explore the relationship between the internal parameters of CNN and proposes to use the CNN visualization method to check the relationship. Using the visualization method, the forward propagation process of CNN is visualized. It is an intuitive representation of how CNN learns. According to the experiments, this paper believes that 1. Residual layer parameters of ResNet are correlated, and some layers can be substituted for each other; 2. Image segmentation is a process of first learning image texture features and then locating and segmentation.      
### 110.Distributed optimization for nonrigid nano-tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03375.pdf)
>  Resolution level and reconstruction quality in nano-computed tomography (nano-CT) are in part limited by the stability of microscopes, because the magnitude of mechanical vibrations during scanning becomes comparable to the imaging resolution, and the ability of the samples to resist beam damage during data acquisition. In such cases, there is no incentive in recovering the sample state at different time steps like in time-resolved reconstruction methods, but instead the goal is to retrieve a single reconstruction at the highest possible spatial resolution and without any imaging artifacts. Here we propose a joint solver for imaging samples at the nanoscale with projection alignment, unwarping and regularization. Projection data consistency is regulated by dense optical flow estimated by Farneback's algorithm, leading to sharp sample reconstructions with less artifacts. Synthetic data tests show robustness of the method to Poisson and low-frequency background noise. Applicability of the method is demonstrated on two large-scale nano-imaging experimental data sets.      
### 111.Improving the Speed and Quality of GAN by Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03364.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GAN) have shown remarkable results in image generation tasks. High fidelity class-conditional GAN methods often rely on stabilization techniques by constraining the global Lipschitz continuity. Such regularization leads to less expressive models and slower convergence speed; other techniques, such as the large batch training, require unconventional computing power and are not widely accessible. In this paper, we develop an efficient algorithm, namely FastGAN (Free AdverSarial Training), to improve the speed and quality of GAN training based on the adversarial training technique. We benchmark our method on CIFAR10, a subset of ImageNet, and the full ImageNet datasets. We choose strong baselines such as SNGAN and SAGAN; the results demonstrate that our training algorithm can achieve better generation quality (in terms of the Inception score and Frechet Inception distance) with less overall training time. Most notably, our training algorithm brings ImageNet training to the broader public by requiring 2-4 GPUs.      
### 112.X-Ray bone abnormalities detection using MURA dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03356.pdf)
>  We introduce the deep network trained on the MURA dataset from the Stanford University released in 2017. Our system is able to detect bone abnormalities on the radiographs and visualise such zones. We found that our solution has the accuracy comparable to the best results that have been achieved by other development teams that used MURA dataset, in particular the overall Kappa score that was achieved by our team is about 0.942 on the wrist, 0.862 on the hand and o.735 on the shoulder (compared to the best available results to this moment on the official web-site 0.931, 0.851 and 0.729 accordingly). However, despite the good results there are a lot of directions for the future enhancement of the proposed technology. We see a big potential in the further development computer aided systems (CAD) for the radiographs as the one that will help practical specialists diagnose bone fractures as well as bone oncology cases faster and with the higher accuracy.      
### 113.Reliable Liver Fibrosis Assessment from Ultrasound using Global Hetero-Image Fusion and View-Specific Parameterization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03352.pdf)
>  Ultrasound (US) is a critical modality for diagnosing liver fibrosis. Unfortunately, assessment is very subjective, motivating automated approaches. We introduce a principled deep convolutional neural network (CNN) workflow that incorporates several innovations. First, to avoid overfitting on non-relevant image features, we force the network to focus on a clinical region of interest (ROI), encompassing the liver parenchyma and upper border. Second, we introduce global heteroimage fusion (GHIF), which allows the CNN to fuse features from any arbitrary number of images in a study, increasing its versatility and flexibility. Finally, we use 'style'-based view-specific parameterization (VSP) to tailor the CNN processing for different viewpoints of the liver, while keeping the majority of parameters the same across views. Experiments on a dataset of 610 patient studies (6979 images) demonstrate that our pipeline can contribute roughly 7% and 22% improvements in partial area under the curve and recall at 90% precision, respectively, over conventional classifiers, validating our approach to this crucial problem.      
### 114.Generative Adversarial Network for Radar Signal Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.03346.pdf)
>  A major obstacle in radar based methods for concealed object detection on humans and seamless integration into security and access control system is the difficulty in collecting high quality radar signal data. Generative adversarial networks (GAN) have shown promise in data generation application in the fields of image and audio processing. As such, this paper proposes the design of a GAN for application in radar signal generation. Data collected using the Finite-Difference Time-Domain (FDTD) method on three concealed object classes (no object, large object, and small object) were used as training data to train a GAN to generate radar signal samples for each class. The proposed GAN generated radar signal data which was indistinguishable from the training data by qualitative human observers.      
