# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 5 Apr 2019
### 1.Libra R-CNN: Towards Balanced Learning for Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02701.pdf)
>  Compared with model architectures, the training process, which is also crucial to the success of detectors, has received relatively less attention in object detection. In this work, we carefully revisit the standard training practice of detectors, and find that the detection performance is often limited by the imbalance during the training process, which generally consists in three levels - sample level, feature level, and objective level. To mitigate the adverse effects caused thereby, we propose Libra R-CNN, a simple but effective framework towards balanced learning for object detection. It integrates three novel components: IoU-balanced sampling, balanced feature pyramid, and balanced L1 loss, respectively for reducing the imbalance at sample, feature, and objective level. Benefitted from the overall balanced design, Libra R-CNN significantly improves the detection performance. Without bells and whistles, it achieves 2.5 points and 2.0 points higher Average Precision (AP) than FPN Faster R-CNN and RetinaNet respectively on MSCOCO. 
### 2.T-Net: Parametrizing Fully Convolutional Nets with a Single High-Order Tensor  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02698.pdf)
>  Recent findings indicate that over-parametrization, while crucial for successfully training deep neural networks, also introduces large amounts of redundancy. Tensor methods have the potential to efficiently parametrize over-complete representations by leveraging this redundancy. In this paper, we propose to fully parametrize Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) with a single high-order, low-rank tensor. Previous works on network tensorization have focused on parametrizing individual layers (convolutional or fully connected) only, and perform the tensorization layer-by-layer separately. In contrast, we propose to jointly capture the full structure of a neural network by parametrizing it with a single high-order tensor, the modes of which represent each of the architectural design parameters of the network (e.g. number of convolutional blocks, depth, number of stacks, input features, etc). This parametrization allows to regularize the whole network and drastically reduce the number of parameters. Our model is end-to-end trainable and the low-rank structure imposed on the weight tensor acts as an implicit regularization. We study the case of networks with rich structure, namely Fully Convolutional Networks (FCNs), which we propose to parametrize with a single 8th-order tensor. We show that our approach can achieve superior performance with small compression rates, and attain high compression rates with negligible drop in accuracy for the challenging task of human pose estimation. 
### 3.YOLACT: Real-time Instance Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02689.pdf)
>  We present a simple, fully-convolutional model for real-time instance segmentation that achieves 29.8 mAP on MS COCO at 33 fps evaluated on a single Titan Xp, which is significantly faster than any previous competitive approach. Moreover, we obtain this result after training on only one GPU. We accomplish this by breaking instance segmentation into two parallel subtasks: (1) generating a set of prototype masks and (2) predicting per-instance mask coefficients. Then we produce instance masks by linearly combining the prototypes with the mask coefficients. We find that because this process doesn&#39;t depend on repooling, this approach produces very high-quality masks and exhibits temporal stability for free. Furthermore, we analyze the emergent behavior of our prototypes and show they learn to localize instances on their own in a translation variant manner, despite being fully-convolutional. Finally, we also propose Fast NMS, a drop-in 12 ms faster replacement for standard NMS that only has a marginal performance penalty. 
### 4.Estimating 3D Motion and Forces of Person-Object Interactions from Monocular Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02683.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a method to automatically reconstruct the 3D motion of a person interacting with an object from a single RGB video. Our method estimates the 3D poses of the person and the object, contact positions, and forces and torques actuated by the human limbs. The main contributions of this work are three-fold. First, we introduce an approach to jointly estimate the motion and the actuation forces of the person on the manipulated object by modeling contacts and the dynamics of their interactions. This is cast as a large-scale trajectory optimization problem. Second, we develop a method to automatically recognize from the input video the position and timing of contacts between the person and the object or the ground, thereby significantly simplifying the complexity of the optimization. Third, we validate our approach on a recent MoCap dataset with ground truth contact forces and demonstrate its performance on a new dataset of Internet videos showing people manipulating a variety of tools in unconstrained environments. 
### 5.UU-Nets Connecting Discriminator and Generator for Image to Image Translation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02675.pdf)
>  Adversarial generative model have successfully manifest itself in image synthesis. However, the performance deteriorate and unstable, because discriminator is far stable than generator, and it is hard to control the game between the two modules. Various methods have been introduced to tackle the problem such as WGAN, Relativistic GAN and their successors by adding or restricting the loss function, which certainly help balance the min-max game, but they all focused on the loss function ignoring the intrinsic structure limitation. We present a UU-Net architecture inspired by U-net bridging the encoder and the decoder, UU-Net composed by two U-Net liked modules respectively served as generator and discriminator. Because the modules in U-net are symmetrical, therefore it shares weights easily between all four components. Thanks to UU-net&#39;s modules identical and symmetric property, we could not only carried the features from inner generator&#39;s encoder to its decoder, but also to the discriminator&#39;s encoder and decoder. By this design, it give us more control and condition flexibility to intervene the process between the generator and the discriminator. 
### 6.Deep Multi-class Adversarial Specularity Removal  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02672.pdf)
>  We propose a novel learning approach, in the form of a fully-convolutional neural network (CNN), which automatically and consistently removes specular highlights from a single image by generating its diffuse component. To train the generative network, we define an adversarial loss on a discriminative network as in the GAN framework and combined it with a content loss. In contrast to existing GAN approaches, we implemented the discriminator to be a multi-class classifier instead of a binary one, to find more constraining features. This helps the network pinpoint the diffuse manifold by providing two more gradient terms. We also rendered a synthetic dataset designed to help the network generalize well. We show that our model performs well across various synthetic and real images and outperforms the state-of-the-art in consistency. 
### 7.Algebraic Characterization of Essential Matrices and Their Averaging in Multiview Settings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02663.pdf)
>  Essential matrix averaging, i.e., the task of recovering camera locations and orientations in calibrated, multiview settings, is a first step in global approaches to Euclidean structure from motion. A common approach to essential matrix averaging is to separately solve for camera orientations and subsequently for camera positions. This paper presents a novel approach that solves simultaneously for both camera orientations and positions. We offer a complete characterization of the algebraic conditions that enable a unique Euclidean reconstruction of $n$ cameras from a collection of $(^n_2)$ essential matrices. We next use these conditions to formulate essential matrix averaging as a constrained optimization problem, allowing us to recover a consistent set of essential matrices given a (possibly partial) set of measured essential matrices computed independently for pairs of images. We finally use the recovered essential matrices to determine the global positions and orientations of the $n$ cameras. We test our method on common SfM datasets, demonstrating high accuracy while maintaining efficiency and robustness, compared to existing methods. 
### 8.On Direct Distribution Matching for Adapting Segmentation Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02657.pdf)
>  Minimization of distribution matching losses is a principled approach to domain adaptation in the context of image classification. However, it is largely overlooked in adapting segmentation networks, which is currently dominated by adversarial models. We propose a class of loss functions, which encourage direct kernel density matching in the network-output space, up to some geometric transformations computed from unlabeled inputs. Rather than using an intermediate domain discriminator, our direct approach unifies distribution matching and segmentation in a single loss. Therefore, it simplifies segmentation adaptation by avoiding extra adversarial steps, while improving both the quality, stability and efficiency of training. We juxtapose our approach to state-of-the-art segmentation adaptation via adversarial training in the network-output space. In the challenging task of adapting brain segmentation across different magnetic resonance images (MRI) modalities, our approach achieves significantly better results both in terms of accuracy and stability. 
### 9.Siamese Encoding and Alignment by Multiscale Learning with Self-Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02643.pdf)
>  We propose a method of aligning a source image to a target image, where the transform is specified by a dense vector field. The two images are encoded as feature hierarchies by siamese convolutional nets. Then a hierarchy of aligner modules computes the transform in a coarse-to-fine recursion. Each module receives as input the transform that was computed by the module at the level above, aligns the source and target encodings at the same level of the hierarchy, and then computes an improved approximation to the transform using a convolutional net. The entire architecture of encoder and aligner nets is trained in a self-supervised manner to minimize the squared error between source and target remaining after alignment. We show that siamese encoding enables more accurate alignment than the image pyramids of SPyNet, a previous deep learning approach to coarse-to-fine alignment. Furthermore, self-supervision applies even without target values for the transform, unlike the strongly supervised SPyNet. We also show that our approach outperforms one-shot approaches to alignment, because the fine pathways in the latter approach may fail to contribute to alignment accuracy when displacements are large. As shown by previous one-shot approaches, good results from self-supervised learning require that the loss function additionally penalize non-smooth transforms. We demonstrate that &#34;masking out&#34; the penalty function near discontinuities leads to correct recovery of non-smooth transforms. Our claims are supported by empirical comparisons using images from serial section electron microscopy of brain tissue. 
### 10.Memorizing Normality to Detect Anomaly: Memory-augmented Deep Autoencoder for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02639.pdf)
>  Deep autoencoder has been extensively used for anomaly detection. Training on the normal data, the autoencoder is expected to produce higher reconstruction error for the abnormal inputs than the normal ones, which is adopted as a criterion for identifying anomalies. However, this assumption does not always hold in practice. It has been observed that sometimes the autoencoder &#34;generalizes&#34; so well that it can also reconstruct anomalies well, leading to the miss detection of anomalies. To mitigate this drawback for autoencoder based anomaly detector, we propose to augment the autoencoder with a memory module and develop an improved autoencoder called memory-augmented autoencoder, i.e. MemAE. Given an input, MemAE firstly obtains the encoding from the encoder and then uses it as a query to retrieve the most relevant memory items for reconstruction. At the training stage, the memory contents are updated and are encouraged to represent the prototypical elements of the normal data. At the test stage, the learned memory will be fixed, and the reconstruction is obtained from a few selected memory records of the normal data. The reconstruction will thus tend to be close to a normal sample. Thus the reconstructed errors on anomalies will be strengthened for anomaly detection. MemAE is free of assumptions on the data type and thus general to be applied to different tasks. Experiments on various datasets prove the excellent generalization and high effectiveness of the proposed MemAE. 
### 11.Clinically Accurate Chest X-Ray Report Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02633.pdf)
>  The automatic generation of radiology reports given medical radiographs has significant potential to operationally and clinically improve patient care. A number of prior works have focused on this problem, employing advanced methods from computer vision and natural language generation to produce readable reports. However, these works often fail to account for the particular nuances of the radiology domain, and, in particular, the critical importance of clinical accuracy in the resulting generated reports. In this work, we present a domain-aware automatic chest X-Ray radiology report generation system which first predicts what topics will be discussed in the report, then conditionally generates sentences corresponding to these topics. The resulting system is fine-tuned using reinforcement learning, considering both readability and clinical accuracy, as assessed by the proposed Clinically Coherent Reward. We verify this system on two datasets, Open-I and MIMIC-CXR, and demonstrate that our model offers marked improvements on both language generation metrics and CheXpert assessed accuracy over a variety of competitive baselines. 
### 12.A Learned Representation for Scalable Vector Graphics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02632.pdf)
>  Dramatic advances in generative models have resulted in near photographic quality for artificially rendered faces, animals and other objects in the natural world. In spite of such advances, a higher level understanding of vision and imagery does not arise from exhaustively modeling an object, but instead identifying higher-level attributes that best summarize the aspects of an object. In this work we attempt to model the drawing process of fonts by building sequential generative models of vector graphics. This model has the benefit of providing a scale-invariant representation for imagery whose latent representation may be systematically manipulated and exploited to perform style propagation. We demonstrate these results on a large dataset of fonts and highlight how such a model captures the statistical dependencies and richness of this dataset. We envision that our model can find use as a tool for graphic designers to facilitate font design. 
### 13.An End-to-End Baseline for Video Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02628.pdf)
>  Building correspondences across different modalities, such as video and language, has recently become critical in many visual recognition applications, such as video captioning. Inspired by machine translation, recent models tackle this task using an encoder-decoder strategy. The (video) encoder is traditionally a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), while the decoding (for language generation) is done using a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN). Current state-of-the-art methods, however, train encoder and decoder separately. CNNs are pretrained on object and/or action recognition tasks and used to encode video-level features. The decoder is then optimised on such static features to generate the video&#39;s description. This disjoint setup is arguably sub-optimal for input (video) to output (description) mapping. <br />In this work, we propose to optimise both encoder and decoder simultaneously in an end-to-end fashion. In a two-stage training setting, we first initialise our architecture using pre-trained encoders and decoders -- then, the entire network is trained end-to-end in a fine-tuning stage to learn the most relevant features for video caption generation. In our experiments, we use GoogLeNet and Inception-ResNet-v2 as encoders and an original Soft-Attention (SA-) LSTM as a decoder. Analogously to gains observed in other computer vision problems, we show that end-to-end training significantly improves over the traditional, disjoint training process. We evaluate our End-to-End (EtENet) Networks on the Microsoft Research Video Description (MSVD) and the MSR Video to Text (MSR-VTT) benchmark datasets, showing how EtENet achieves state-of-the-art performance across the board. 
### 14.Signal-to-Noise Ratio: A Robust Distance Metric for Deep Metric Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02616.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning, which learns discriminative features to process image clustering and retrieval tasks, has attracted extensive attention in recent years. A number of deep metric learning methods, which ensure that similar examples are mapped close to each other and dissimilar examples are mapped farther apart, have been proposed to construct effective structures for loss functions and have shown promising results. In this paper, different from the approaches on learning the loss structures, we propose a robust SNR distance metric based on Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR) for measuring the similarity of image pairs for deep metric learning. By exploring the properties of our SNR distance metric from the view of geometry space and statistical theory, we analyze the properties of our metric and show that it can preserve the semantic similarity between image pairs, which well justify its suitability for deep metric learning. Compared with Euclidean distance metric, our SNR distance metric can further jointly reduce the intra-class distances and enlarge the inter-class distances for learned features. Leveraging our SNR distance metric, we propose Deep SNR-based Metric Learning (DSML) to generate discriminative feature embeddings. By extensive experiments on three widely adopted benchmarks, including CARS196, CUB200-2011 and CIFAR10, our DSML has shown its superiority over other state-of-the-art methods. Additionally, we extend our SNR distance metric to deep hashing learning, and conduct experiments on two benchmarks, including CIFAR10 and NUS-WIDE, to demonstrate the effectiveness and generality of our SNR distance metric. 
### 15.Sampling Limits for Electron Tomography with Sparsity-exploiting Reconstructions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02614.pdf)
>  Electron tomography (ET) has become a standard technique for 3D characterization of materials at the nano-scale. Traditional reconstruction algorithms such as weighted back projection suffer from disruptive artifacts with insufficient projections. Popularized by compressed sensing, sparsity-exploiting algorithms have been applied to experimental ET data and show promise for improving reconstruction quality or reducing the total beam dose applied to a specimen. Nevertheless, theoretical bounds for these methods have been less explored in the context of ET applications. Here, we perform numerical simulations to investigate performance of l_1-norm and total-variation (TV) minimization under various imaging conditions. From 36,100 different simulated structures, our results show specimens with more complex structures generally require more projections for exact reconstruction. However, once sufficient data is acquired, dividing the beam dose over more projections provides no improvements - analogous to the traditional dose-fraction theorem. Moreover, a limited tilt range of +-75 or less can result in distorting artifacts in sparsity-exploiting reconstructions. The influence of optimization parameters on reconstructions is also discussed. 
### 16.3D Face Reconstruction Using Color Photometric Stereo with Uncalibrated Near Point Lights  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02605.pdf)
>  We present a new color photometric stereo (CPS) method that can recover high quality, detailed 3D face geometry in a single shot. Our system uses three uncalibrated near point lights of different colors and a single camera. We first utilize 3D morphable model (3DMM) and semantic segmentation of facial parts to achieve robust self-calibration of light sources. We then address the spectral ambiguity problem by incorporating albedo consensus, albedo similarity, and proxy prior into a unified framework. We avoid the need for spatial constancy of albedo and use a new measure for albedo similarity that is based on the albedo norm profile. Experiments show that our new approach produces state-of-the-art results in single image with high-fidelity geometry that includes details such as wrinkles. 
### 17.Towards 3D Human Shape Recovery Under Clothing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02601.pdf)
>  We present a learning-based scheme for robustly and accurately estimating clothing fitness as well as the human shape on clothed 3D human scans. Our approach maps the clothed human geometry to a geometry image that we call clothed-GI. To align clothed-GI under different clothing, we extend the parametric human model and employ skeleton detection and warping for reliable alignment. For each pixel on the clothed-GI, we extract a feature vector including color/texture, position, normal, etc. and train a modified conditional GAN network for per-pixel fitness prediction using a comprehensive 3D clothing. Our technique significantly improves the accuracy of human shape prediction, especially under loose and fitted clothing. We further demonstrate using our results for human/clothing segmentation and virtual clothes fitting at a high visual realism. 
### 18.Geometry of the Hough transforms with applications to synthetic data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02587.pdf)
>  In the framework of the Hough transform technique to detect curves in images, we provide a bound for the number of Hough transforms to be considered for a successful optimization of the accumulator function in the recognition algorithm. Such a bound is consequence of geometrical arguments. We also show the robustness of the results when applied to synthetic datasets strongly perturbed by noise. An algebraic approach, discussed in the appendix, leads to a better bound of theoretical interest in the exact case. 
### 19.Segmentation of the Prostatic Gland and the Intraprostatic Lesions on Multiparametic MRI Using Mask-RCNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02575.pdf)
>  Prostate cancer (PCa) is the most common cancer in men in the United States. Multiparametic magnetic resonance imaging (mp-MRI) has been explored by many researchers to targeted prostate biopsies and radiation therapy. However, assessment on mp-MRI can be subjective, development of computer-aided diagnosis systems to automatically delineate the prostate gland and the intraprostratic lesions (ILs) becomes important to facilitate with radiologists in clinical practice. In this paper, we first study the implementation of the Mask-RCNN model to segment the prostate and ILs. We trained and evaluated models on 120 patients from two different cohorts of patients. We also used 2D U-Net and 3D U-Net as benchmarks to segment the prostate and compared the model&#39;s performance. The contour variability of ILs using the algorithm was also benchmarked against the interobserver variability between two different radiation oncologists on 19 patients. Our results indicate that the Mask-RCNN model is able to reach state-of-art performance in the prostate segmentation and outperforms several competitive baselines in ILs segmentation. 
### 20.Noise-Level Estimation from Single Color Image Using Correlations Between Textures in RGB Channels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02566.pdf)
>  We propose a simple method for estimating noise level from a single color image. In most image-denoising algorithms, an accurate noise-level estimate results in good denoising performance; however, it is difficult to estimate noise level from a single image because it is an ill-posed problem. We tackle this problem by using prior knowledge that textures are highly correlated between RGB channels and noise is uncorrelated to other signals. We also extended our method for RAW images because they are available in almost all digital cameras and often used in practical situations. Experiments show the high noise-estimation performance of our method in synthetic noisy images. We also applied our method to natural images including RAW images and achieved better noise-estimation performance than conventional methods. 
### 21.Generic Multiview Visual Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02553.pdf)
>  Recent progresses in visual tracking have greatly improved the tracking performance. However, challenges such as occlusion and view change remain obstacles in real world deployment. A natural solution to these challenges is to use multiple cameras with multiview inputs, though existing systems are mostly limited to specific targets (e.g. human), static cameras, and/or camera calibration. To break through these limitations, we propose a generic multiview tracking (GMT) framework that allows camera movement, while requiring neither specific object model nor camera calibration. A key innovation in our framework is a cross-camera trajectory prediction network (TPN), which implicitly and dynamically encodes camera geometric relations, and hence addresses missing target issues such as occlusion. Moreover, during tracking, we assemble information across different cameras to dynamically update a novel collaborative correlation filter (CCF), which is shared among cameras to achieve robustness against view change. The two components are integrated into a correlation filter tracking framework, where the features are trained offline using existing single view tracking datasets. For evaluation, we first contribute a new generic multiview tracking dataset (GMTD) with careful annotations, and then run experiments on GMTD and the PETS2009 datasets. On both datasets, the proposed GMT algorithm shows clear advantages over state-of-the-art ones. 
### 22.DeCaFA: Deep Convolutional Cascade for Face Alignment In The Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02549.pdf)
>  Face Alignment is an active computer vision domain, that consists in localizing a number of facial landmarks that vary across datasets. State-of-the-art face alignment methods either consist in end-to-end regression, or in refining the shape in a cascaded manner, starting from an initial guess. In this paper, we introduce DeCaFA, an end-to-end deep convolutional cascade architecture for face alignment. DeCaFA uses fully-convolutional stages to keep full spatial resolution throughout the cascade. Between each cascade stage, DeCaFA uses multiple chained transfer layers with spatial softmax to produce landmark-wise attention maps for each of several landmark alignment tasks. Weighted intermediate supervision, as well as efficient feature fusion between the stages allow to learn to progressively refine the attention maps in an end-to-end manner. We show experimentally that DeCaFA significantly outperforms existing approaches on 300W, CelebA and WFLW databases. In addition, we show that DeCaFA can learn fine alignment with reasonable accuracy from very few images using coarsely annotated data. 
### 23.Deep Multi-scale Discriminative Networks for Double JPEG Compression Forensics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02520.pdf)
>  As JPEG is the most widely used image format, the importance of tampering detection for JPEG images in blind forensics is self-evident. In this area, extracting effective statistical characteristics from a JPEG image for classification remains a challenge. Effective features are designed manually in traditional methods, suggesting that extensive labor-consuming research and derivation is required. In this paper, we propose a novel image tampering detection method based on deep multi-scale discriminative networks (MSD-Nets). The multi-scale module is designed to automatically extract multiple features from the discrete cosine transform (DCT) coefficient histograms of the JPEG image. This module can capture the characteristic information in different scale spaces. In addition, a discriminative module is also utilized to improve the detection effect of the networks in those difficult situations when the first compression quality (QF1) is higher than the second one (QF2). A special network in this module is designed to distinguish the small statistical difference between authentic and tampered regions in these cases. Finally, a probability map can be obtained and the specific tampering area is located using the last classification results. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method in both quantitative and qualitative metrics when compared with state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 24.Unsupervised Learning of Eye Gaze Representation from the Web  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02459.pdf)
>  Automatic eye gaze estimation has interested researchers for a while now. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised learning based method for estimating the eye gaze region. To train the proposed network &#34;Ize-Net&#34; in self-supervised manner, we collect a large `in the wild&#39; dataset containing 1,54,251 images from the web. For the images in the database, we divide the gaze into three regions based on an automatic technique based on pupil-centers localization and then use a feature-based technique to determine the gaze region. The performance is evaluated on the Tablet Gaze and CAVE datasets by fine-tuning results of Ize-Net for the task of eye gaze estimation. The feature representation learned is also used to train traditional machine learning algorithms for eye gaze estimation. The results demonstrate that the proposed method learns a rich data representation, which can be efficiently fine-tuned for any eye gaze estimation dataset. 
### 25.Active Transfer Learning Network: A Unified Deep Joint Spectral-Spatial Feature Learning Model For Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02454.pdf)
>  Deep learning has recently attracted significant attention in the field of hyperspectral images (HSIs) classification. However, the construction of an efficient deep neural network (DNN) mostly relies on a large number of labeled samples being available. To address this problem, this paper proposes a unified deep network, combined with active transfer learning that can be well-trained for HSIs classification using only minimally labeled training data. More specifically, deep joint spectral-spatial feature is first extracted through hierarchical stacked sparse autoencoder (SSAE) networks. Active transfer learning is then exploited to transfer the pre-trained SSAE network and the limited training samples from the source domain to the target domain, where the SSAE network is subsequently fine-tuned using the limited labeled samples selected from both source and target domain by corresponding active learning strategies. The advantages of our proposed method are threefold: 1) the network can be effectively trained using only limited labeled samples with the help of novel active learning strategies; 2) the network is flexible and scalable enough to function across various transfer situations, including cross-dataset and intra-image; 3) the learned deep joint spectral-spatial feature representation is more generic and robust than many joint spectral-spatial feature representation. Extensive comparative evaluations demonstrate that our proposed method significantly outperforms many state-of-the-art approaches, including both traditional and deep network-based methods, on three popular datasets. 
### 26.Resource Efficient 3D Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02422.pdf)
>  Recently, convolutional neural networks with 3D kernels (3D CNNs) have been very popular in computer vision community as a result of their superior ability of extracting spatio-temporal features within video frames compared to 2D CNNs. Although, there has been great advances recently to build resource efficient 2D CNN architectures considering memory and power budget, there is hardly any similar resource efficient architectures for 3D CNNs. In this paper, we have converted various well-known resource efficient 2D CNNs to 3D CNNs and evaluated their performance on three major benchmarks in terms of classification accuracy for different complexity levels. We have experimented on (1) Kinetics-600 dataset to inspect their capacity to learn, (2) Jester dataset to inspect their ability to capture hand motion patterns, and (3) UCF-101 to inspect the applicability of transfer learning. We have evaluated the run-time performance of each model on a single GPU and an embedded GPU. The results of this study show that these models can be utilized for different types of real-world applications since they provide real-time performance with considerable accuracies and memory usage. Our analysis on different complexity levels shows that the resource efficient 3D CNNs should not be designed too shallow or narrow in order to save complexity. The codes and pretrained models used in this work are publicly available. 
### 27.Inferring Dynamic Representations of Facial Actions from a Still Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02382.pdf)
>  Facial actions are spatio-temporal signals by nature, and therefore their modeling is crucially dependent on the availability of temporal information. In this paper, we focus on inferring such temporal dynamics of facial actions when no explicit temporal information is available, i.e. from still images. We present a novel approach to capture multiple scales of such temporal dynamics, with an application to facial Action Unit (AU) intensity estimation and dimensional affect estimation. In particular, 1) we propose a framework that infers a dynamic representation (DR) from a still image, which captures the bi-directional flow of time within a short time-window centered at the input image; 2) we show that we can train our method without the need of explicitly generating target representations, allowing the network to represent dynamics more broadly; and 3) we propose to apply a multiple temporal scale approach that infers DRs for different window lengths (MDR) from a still image. We empirically validate the value of our approach on the task of frame ranking, and show how our proposed MDR attains state of the art results on BP4D for AU intensity estimation and on SEMAINE for dimensional affect estimation, using only still images at test time. 
### 28.Generalizing discrete convolutions for unstructured point clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02375.pdf)
>  Point clouds are unstructured and unordered data, as opposed to images. Thus, most of machine learning approaches, developed for images, cannot be directly transferred to point clouds. It usually requires data transformation such as voxelization, inducing a possible loss of information. In this paper, we propose a generalization of the discrete convolutional neural networks (CNNs) able to deal with sparse input point cloud. We replace the discrete kernels by continuous ones.The formulation is simple, does not set the input point cloud size and can easily be used for neural network design similarly to 2D CNNs. We present experimental results, competitive with the state of the art, on shape classification, part segmentation and semantic segmentation for large scale clouds. 
### 29.Architecture Search of Dynamic Cells for Semantic Video Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02371.pdf)
>  In semantic video segmentation the goal is to acquire consistent dense semantic labelling across image frames. To this end, recent approaches have been reliant on manually arranged operations applied on top of static semantic segmentation networks - with the most prominent building block being the optical flow able to provide information about scene dynamics. Related to that is the line of research concerned with speeding up static networks by approximating expensive parts of them with cheaper alternatives, while propagating information from previous frames. In this work we attempt to come up with generalisation of those methods, and instead of manually designing contextual blocks that connect per-frame outputs, we propose a neural architecture search solution, where the choice of operations together with their sequential arrangement are being predicted by a separate neural network. We showcase that such generalisation leads to stable and accurate results across common benchmarks, such as CityScapes and CamVid datasets. Importantly, the proposed methodology takes only 2 GPU-days, finds high-performing cells and does not rely on the expensive optical flow computation. 
### 30.Template-Based Automatic Search of Compact Semantic Segmentation Architectures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02365.pdf)
>  Automatic search of neural architectures for various vision and natural language tasks is becoming a prominent tool as it allows to discover high-performing structures on any dataset of interest. Nevertheless, on more difficult domains, such as dense per-pixel classification, current automatic approaches are limited in their scope - due to their strong reliance on existing image classifiers they tend to search only for a handful of additional layers with discovered architectures still containing a large number of parameters. In contrast, in this work we propose a novel solution able to find light-weight and accurate segmentation architectures starting from only few blocks of a pre-trained classification network. To this end, we progressively build up a methodology that relies on templates of sets of operations, predicts which template and how many times should be applied at each step, while also generating the connectivity structure and downsampling factors. All these decisions are being made by a recurrent neural network that is rewarded based on the score of the emitted architecture on the holdout set and trained using reinforcement learning. One discovered architecture achieves 63.2% mean IoU on CamVid and 67.8% on CityScapes having only 270K parameters. 
### 31.Spatiotemporal CNN for Video Object Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02363.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a unified, end-to-end trainable spatiotemporal CNN model for VOS, which consists of two branches, i.e., the temporal coherence branch and the spatial segmentation branch. Specifically, the temporal coherence branch pretrained in an adversarial fashion from unlabeled video data, is designed to capture the dynamic appearance and motion cues of video sequences to guide object segmentation. The spatial segmentation branch focuses on segmenting objects accurately based on the learned appearance and motion cues. To obtain accurate segmentation results, we design a coarse-to-fine process to sequentially apply a designed attention module on multi-scale feature maps, and concatenate them to produce the final prediction. In this way, the spatial segmentation branch is enforced to gradually concentrate on object regions. These two branches are jointly fine-tuned on video segmentation sequences in an end-to-end manner. Several experiments are carried out on three challenging datasets (i.e., DAVIS-2016, DAVIS-2017 and Youtube-Object) to show that our method achieves favorable performance against the state-of-the-arts. Code is available at <a href="https://github.com/longyin880815/STCNN">this https URL</a>. 
### 32.Lightweight Image Super-Resolution with Adaptive Weighted Learning Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02358.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been successfully applied to the single-image super-resolution (SISR) task with great performance in recent years. However, most convolutional neural network based SR models require heavy computation, which limit their real-world applications. In this work, a lightweight SR network, named Adaptive Weighted Super-Resolution Network (AWSRN), is proposed for SISR to address this issue. A novel local fusion block (LFB) is designed in AWSRN for efficient residual learning, which consists of stacked adaptive weighted residual units (AWRU) and a local residual fusion unit (LRFU). Moreover, an adaptive weighted multi-scale (AWMS) module is proposed to make full use of features in reconstruction layer. AWMS consists of several different scale convolutions, and the redundancy scale branch can be removed according to the contribution of adaptive weights in AWMS for lightweight network. The experimental results on the commonly used datasets show that the proposed lightweight AWSRN achieves superior performance on x2, x3, x4, and x8 scale factors to state-of-the-art methods with similar parameters and computational overhead. Code is avaliable at: <a href="https://github.com/ChaofWang/AWSRN">this https URL</a> 
### 33.Multi-View Intact Space Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02340.pdf)
>  It is practical to assume that an individual view is unlikely to be sufficient for effective multi-view learning. Therefore, integration of multi-view information is both valuable and necessary. In this paper, we propose the Multi-view Intact Space Learning (MISL) algorithm, which integrates the encoded complementary information in multiple views to discover a latent intact representation of the data. Even though each view on its own is insufficient, we show theoretically that by combing multiple views we can obtain abundant information for latent intact space learning. Employing the Cauchy loss (a technique used in statistical learning) as the error measurement strengthens robustness to outliers. We propose a new definition of multi-view stability and then derive the generalization error bound based on multi-view stability and Rademacher complexity, and show that the complementarity between multiple views is beneficial for the stability and generalization. MISL is efficiently optimized using a novel Iteratively Reweight Residuals (IRR) technique, whose convergence is theoretically analyzed. Experiments on synthetic data and real-world datasets demonstrate that MISL is an effective and promising algorithm for practical applications. 
### 34.Feature Pyramid Hashing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02325.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep-networks-based hashing has become a leading approach for large-scale image retrieval. Most deep hashing approaches use the high layer to extract the powerful semantic representations. However, these methods have limited ability for fine-grained image retrieval because the semantic features extracted from the high layer are difficult in capturing the subtle differences. To this end, we propose a novel two-pyramid hashing architecture to learn both the semantic information and the subtle appearance details for fine-grained image search. Inspired by the feature pyramids of convolutional neural network, a vertical pyramid is proposed to capture the high-layer features and a horizontal pyramid combines multiple low-layer features with structural information to capture the subtle differences. To fuse the low-level features, a novel combination strategy, called consensus fusion, is proposed to capture all subtle information from several low-layers for finer retrieval. Extensive evaluation on two fine-grained datasets CUB-200-2011 and Stanford Dogs demonstrate that the proposed method achieves significant performance compared with the state-of-art baselines. 
### 35.Modified Distribution Alignment for Domain Adaptation with Pre-trainedInception ResNet  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02322.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been widely used in computer vision. There are several well trained deep neural networks for the ImageNet classification challenge, which has played a significant role in image recognition. However, little work has explored pre-trained neural networks for image recognition in domain adaption. In this paper, we are the first to extract better-represented features from a pre-trained Inception ResNet model for domain adaptation. We then present a modified distribution alignment method for classification using the extracted features. We test our model using three benchmark datasets (Office+Caltech-10, Office-31, and Office-Home). Extensive experiments demonstrate significant improvements (4.8%, 5.5%, and 10%) in classification accuracy over the state-of-the-art. 
### 36.Comparison Network for One-Shot Conditional Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02317.pdf)
>  The current advances in object detection depend on large-scale datasets to get good performance. However, there may not always be sufficient samples in many scenarios, which leads to the research on few-shot detection as well as its extreme variation one-shot detection. In this paper, the one-shot detection has been formulated as a conditional probability problem. With this insight, a novel one-shot conditional object detection (OSCD) framework, referred as Comparison Network (ComparisonNet), has been proposed. Specifically, query and target image features are extracted through a Siamese network as mapped metrics of marginal probabilities. A two-stage detector for OSCD is introduced to compare the extracted query and target features with the learnable metric to approach the optimized non-linear conditional probability. Once trained, ComparisonNet can detect objects of both seen and unseen classes without further training, which also has the advantages including class-agnostic, training-free for unseen classes, and without catastrophic forgetting. Experiments show that the proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on the proposed datasets of Fashion-MNIST and PASCAL VOC. 
### 37.Improved Inference via Deep Input Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02307.pdf)
>  Although numerous improvements have been made in the field of image segmentation using convolutional neural networks, the majority of these improvements rely on training with larger datasets, model architecture modifications, novel loss functions, and better optimizers. In this paper, we propose a new segmentation performance boosting paradigm that relies on optimally modifying the network&#39;s input instead of the network itself. In particular, we leverage the gradients of a trained segmentation network with respect to the input to transfer it to a space where the segmentation accuracy improves. We test the proposed method on three publicly available medical image segmentation datasets: the ISIC 2017 Skin Lesion Segmentation dataset, the Shenzhen Chest X-Ray dataset, and the CVC-ColonDB dataset, for which our method achieves improvements of 5.8%, 0.5%, and 4.8% in the average Dice scores, respectively. 
### 38.A Training-free, One-shot Detection Framework For Geospatial Objects In Remote Sensing Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02302.pdf)
>  Deep learning based object detection has achieved great success. However, these supervised learning methods are data-hungry and time-consuming. This restriction makes them unsuitable for limited data and urgent tasks, especially in the applications of remote sensing. Inspired by the ability of humans to quickly learn new visual concepts from very few examples, we propose a training-free, one-shot geospatial object detection framework for remote sensing images. It consists of (1) a feature extractor with remote sensing domain knowledge, (2) a multi-level feature fusion method, (3) a novel similarity metric method, and (4) a 2-stage object detection pipeline. Experiments on sewage treatment plant and airport detections show that proposed method has achieved a certain effect. Our method can serve as a baseline for training-free, one-shot geospatial object detection. 
### 39.Cost-Sensitive Feature Selection by Optimizing F-Measures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02301.pdf)
>  Feature selection is beneficial for improving the performance of general machine learning tasks by extracting an informative subset from the high-dimensional features. Conventional feature selection methods usually ignore the class imbalance problem, thus the selected features will be biased towards the majority class. Considering that F-measure is a more reasonable performance measure than accuracy for imbalanced data, this paper presents an effective feature selection algorithm that explores the class imbalance issue by optimizing F-measures. Since F-measure optimization can be decomposed into a series of cost-sensitive classification problems, we investigate the cost-sensitive feature selection by generating and assigning different costs to each class with rigorous theory guidance. After solving a series of cost-sensitive feature selection problems, features corresponding to the best F-measure will be selected. In this way, the selected features will fully represent the properties of all classes. Experimental results on popular benchmarks and challenging real-world data sets demonstrate the significance of cost-sensitive feature selection for the imbalanced data setting and validate the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 40.Gated-GAN: Adversarial Gated Networks for Multi-Collection Style Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02296.pdf)
>  Style transfer describes the rendering of an image semantic content as different artistic styles. Recently, generative adversarial networks (GANs) have emerged as an effective approach in style transfer by adversarially training the generator to synthesize convincing counterfeits. However, traditional GAN suffers from the mode collapse issue, resulting in unstable training and making style transfer quality difficult to guarantee. In addition, the GAN generator is only compatible with one style, so a series of GANs must be trained to provide users with choices to transfer more than one kind of style. In this paper, we focus on tackling these challenges and limitations to improve style transfer. We propose adversarial gated networks (Gated GAN) to transfer multiple styles in a single model. The generative networks have three modules: an encoder, a gated transformer, and a decoder. Different styles can be achieved by passing input images through different branches of the gated transformer. To stabilize training, the encoder and decoder are combined as an autoencoder to reconstruct the input images. The discriminative networks are used to distinguish whether the input image is a stylized or genuine image. An auxiliary classifier is used to recognize the style categories of transferred images, thereby helping the generative networks generate images in multiple styles. In addition, Gated GAN makes it possible to explore a new style by investigating styles learned from artists or genres. Our extensive experiments demonstrate the stability and effectiveness of the proposed model for multistyle transfer. 
### 41.StereoDRNet: Dilated Residual Stereo Net  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02251.pdf)
>  We propose a system that uses a convolution neural network (CNN) to estimate depth from a stereo pair followed by volumetric fusion of the predicted depth maps to produce a 3D reconstruction of a scene. Our proposed depth refinement architecture, predicts view-consistent disparity and occlusion maps that helps the fusion system to produce geometrically consistent reconstructions. We utilize 3D dilated convolutions in our proposed cost filtering network that yields better filtering while almost halving the computational cost in comparison to state of the art cost filtering architectures.For feature extraction we use the Vortex Pooling architecture. The proposed method achieves state of the art results in KITTI 2012, KITTI 2015 and ETH 3D stereo benchmarks. Finally, we demonstrate that our system is able to produce high fidelity 3D scene reconstructions that outperforms the state of the art stereo system. 
### 42.Unpaired Thermal to Visible Spectrum Transfer using Adversarial Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02242.pdf)
>  Thermal Infrared (TIR) cameras are gaining popularity in many computer vision applications due to their ability to operate under low-light conditions. Images produced by TIR cameras are usually difficult for humans to perceive visually, which limits their usability. Several methods in the literature were proposed to address this problem by transforming TIR images into realistic visible spectrum (VIS) images. However, existing TIR-VIS datasets suffer from imperfect alignment between TIR-VIS image pairs which degrades the performance of supervised methods. We tackle this problem by learning this transformation using an unsupervised Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) which trains on unpaired TIR and VIS images. When trained and evaluated on KAIST-MS dataset, our proposed methods was shown to produce significantly more realistic and sharp VIS images than the existing state-of-the-art supervised methods. In addition, our proposed method was shown to generalize very well when evaluated on a new dataset of new environments. 
### 43.Hyperbolic Image Embeddings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02239.pdf)
>  Computer vision tasks such as image classification, image retrieval and few-shot learning are currently dominated by Euclidean and spherical embeddings, so that the final decisions about class belongings or the degree of similarity are made using linear hyperplanes, Euclidean distances, or spherical geodesic distances (cosine similarity). In this work, we demonstrate that in many practical scenarios hyperbolic embeddings provide a better alternative. 
### 44.Revisiting Visual Grounding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02225.pdf)
>  We revisit a particular visual grounding method: the &#34;Image Retrieval Using Scene Graphs&#34; (IRSG) system of Johnson et al. (2015). Our experiments indicate that the system does not effectively use its learned object-relationship models. We also look closely at the IRSG dataset, as well as the widely used Visual Relationship Dataset (VRD) that is adapted from it. We find that these datasets exhibit biases that allow methods that ignore relationships to perform relatively well. We also describe several other problems with the IRSG dataset, and report on experiments using a subset of the dataset in which the biases and other problems are removed. Our studies contribute to a more general effort: that of better understanding what machine learning methods that combine language and vision actually learn and what popular datasets actually test. 
### 45.DFANet: Deep Feature Aggregation for Real-Time Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02216.pdf)
>  This paper introduces an extremely efficient CNN architecture named DFANet for semantic segmentation under resource constraints. Our proposed network starts from a single lightweight backbone and aggregates discriminative features through sub-network and sub-stage cascade respectively. Based on the multi-scale feature propagation, DFANet substantially reduces the number of parameters, but still obtains sufficient receptive field and enhances the model learning ability, which strikes a balance between the speed and segmentation performance. Experiments on Cityscapes and CamVid datasets demonstrate the superior performance of DFANet with 8$\times$ less FLOPs and 2$\times$ faster than the existing state-of-the-art real-time semantic segmentation methods while providing comparable accuracy. Specifically, it achieves 70.3\% Mean IOU on the Cityscapes test dataset with only 1.7 GFLOPs and a speed of 160 FPS on one NVIDIA Titan X card, and 71.3\% Mean IOU with 3.4 GFLOPs while inferring on a higher resolution image. 
### 46.Semantics-Aware Image to Image Translation and Domain Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02203.pdf)
>  Image to image translation is the problem of transferring an image from a source domain to a target domain. We present a new method to transfer the underlying semantics of an image even when there are geometric changes across the two domains. Specifically, we present a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) that can transfer semantic information presented as segmentation masks. Our main technical contribution is an encoder-decoder based generator architecture that jointly encodes the image and its underlying semantics and translates both simultaneously to the target domain. Additionally, we propose object transfiguration and cross-domain semantic consistency losses that preserve the underlying semantic labels maps. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in multiple object transfiguration and domain transfer tasks through qualitative and quantitative experiments. The results show that our method is better at transferring image semantics than state of the art image to image translation methods. 
### 47.PaintBot: A Reinforcement Learning Approach for Natural Media Painting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02201.pdf)
>  We propose a new automated digital painting framework, based on a painting agent trained through reinforcement learning. To synthesize an image, the agent selects a sequence of continuous-valued actions representing primitive painting strokes, which are accumulated on a digital canvas. Action selection is guided by a given reference image, which the agent attempts to replicate subject to the limitations of the action space and the agent&#39;s learned policy. The painting agent policy is determined using a variant of proximal policy optimization reinforcement learning. During training, our agent is presented with patches sampled from an ensemble of reference images. To accelerate training convergence, we adopt a curriculum learning strategy, whereby reference patches are sampled according to how challenging they are using the current policy. We experiment with differing loss functions, including pixel-wise and perceptual loss, which have consequent differing effects on the learned policy. We demonstrate that our painting agent can learn an effective policy with a high dimensional continuous action space comprising pen pressure, width, tilt, and color, for a variety of painting styles. Through a coarse-to-fine refinement process our agent can paint arbitrarily complex images in the desired style. 
### 48.3D-BEVIS: Birds-Eye-View Instance Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02199.pdf)
>  Recent deep learning models achieve impressive results on 3D scene analysis tasks by operating directly on unstructured point clouds. A lot of progress was made in the field of object classification and semantic segmentation. However, the task of instance segmentation is less explored. In this work, we present 3D-BEVIS, a deep learning framework for 3D semantic instance segmentation on point clouds. Following the idea of previous proposal-free instance segmentation approaches, our model learns a feature embedding and groups the obtained feature space into semantic instances. Current point-based methods scale linearly with the number of points by processing local sub-parts of a scene individually. However, to perform instance segmentation by clustering, globally consistent features are required. Therefore, we propose to combine local point geometry with global context information from an intermediate bird&#39;s-eye view representation. 
### 49.Accelerating Deep Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Transfer Channel Pruning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02654.pdf)
>  Deep unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) has recently received increasing attention from researchers. However, existing methods are computationally intensive due to the computation cost of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) adopted by most work. To date, there is no effective network compression method for accelerating these models. In this paper, we propose a unified Transfer Channel Pruning (TCP) approach for accelerating UDA models. TCP is capable of compressing the deep UDA model by pruning less important channels while simultaneously learning transferable features by reducing the cross-domain distribution divergence. Therefore, it reduces the impact of negative transfer and maintains competitive performance on the target task. To the best of our knowledge, TCP is the first approach that aims at accelerating deep UDA models. TCP is validated on two benchmark datasets-Office-31 and ImageCLEF-DA with two common backbone networks-VGG16 and ResNet50. Experimental results demonstrate that TCP achieves comparable or better classification accuracy than other comparison methods while significantly reducing the computational cost. To be more specific, in VGG16, we get even higher accuracy after pruning 26% floating point operations (FLOPs); in ResNet50, we also get higher accuracy on half of the tasks after pruning 12% FLOPs. We hope that TCP will open a new door for future research on accelerating transfer learning models. 
### 50.Constrained Generative Adversarial Networks for Interactive Image Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02526.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have received a great deal of attention due in part to recent success in generating original, high-quality samples from visual domains. However, most current methods only allow for users to guide this image generation process through limited interactions. In this work we develop a novel GAN framework that allows humans to be &#34;in-the-loop&#34; of the image generation process. Our technique iteratively accepts relative constraints of the form &#34;Generate an image more like image A than image B&#34;. After each constraint is given, the user is presented with new outputs from the GAN, informing the next round of feedback. This feedback is used to constrain the output of the GAN with respect to an underlying semantic space that can be designed to model a variety of different notions of similarity (e.g. classes, attributes, object relationships, color, etc.). In our experiments, we show that our GAN framework is able to generate images that are of comparable quality to equivalent unsupervised GANs while satisfying a large number of the constraints provided by users, effectively changing a GAN into one that allows users interactive control over image generation without sacrificing image quality. 
### 51.A Robust Learning Approach to Domain Adaptive Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02361.pdf)
>  Domain shift is unavoidable in real-world applications of object detection. For example, in self-driving cars, the target domain consists of unconstrained road environments which cannot all possibly be observed in training data. Similarly, in surveillance applications sufficiently representative training data may be lacking due to privacy regulations. In this paper, we address the domain adaptation problem from the perspective of robust learning and show that the problem may be formulated as training with noisy labels. We propose a robust object detection framework that is resilient to noise in bounding box class labels, locations and size annotations. To adapt to the domain shift, the model is trained on the target domain using a set of noisy object bounding boxes that are obtained by a detection model trained only in the source domain. We evaluate the accuracy of our approach in various source/target domain pairs and demonstrate that the model significantly improves the state-of-the-art on multiple domain adaptation scenarios on the SIM10K, Cityscapes and KITTI datasets. 
### 52.MMED: A Multi-domain and Multi-modality Event Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02354.pdf)
>  In this work, we construct and release a multi-domain and multi-modality event dataset (MMED), containing 25,165 textual news articles collected from hundreds of news media sites (e.g., Yahoo News, Google News, CNN News.) and 76,516 image posts shared on Flickr social media, which are annotated according to 412 real-world events. The dataset is collected to explore the problem of organizing heterogeneous data contributed by professionals and amateurs in different data domains, and the problem of transferring event knowledge obtained from one data domain to heterogeneous data domain, thus summarizing the data with different contributors. We hope that the release of the MMED dataset can stimulate innovate research on related challenging problems, such as event discovery, cross-modal (event) retrieval, and visual question answering, etc. 
### 53.Summit: Scaling Deep Learning Interpretability by Visualizing Activation and Attribution Summarizations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02323.pdf)
>  Deep learning is increasingly used in decision-making tasks. However, understanding how neural networks produce final predictions remains a fundamental challenge. Existing work on interpreting neural network predictions for images often focuses on explaining predictions for single images or neurons. As predictions are often computed based off of millions of weights that are optimized over millions of images, such explanations can easily miss a bigger picture. We present Summit, the first interactive system that scalably and systematically summarizes and visualizes what features a deep learning model has learned and how those features interact to make predictions. Summit introduces two new scalable summarization techniques: (1) activation aggregation discovers important neurons, and (2) neuron-influence aggregation identifies relationships among such neurons. Summit combines these techniques to create the novel attribution graph that reveals and summarizes crucial neuron associations and substructures that contribute to a model&#39;s outcomes. Summit scales to large data, such as the ImageNet dataset with 1.2M images, and leverages neural network feature visualization and dataset examples to help users distill large, complex neural network models into compact, interactive visualizations. We present neural network exploration scenarios where Summit helps us discover multiple surprising insights into a state-of-the-art image classifier&#39;s learned representations and informs future neural network architecture design. The Summit visualization runs in modern web browsers and is open-sourced. 
### 54.Towards a Robust Aerial Cinematography Platform: Localizing and Tracking Moving Targets in Unstructured Environments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02319.pdf)
>  The use of drones for aerial cinematography has revolutionized several applications and industries requiring live and dynamic camera viewpoints such as entertainment, sports, and security. However, safely controlling a drone while filming a moving target usually requires multiple expert human operators; hence the need for an autonomous cinematographer. Current approaches have severe real-life limitations such as requiring scripted scenes that can be solved offline, high-precision motion-capture systems or GPS tags to localize targets, and prior maps of the environment to avoid obstacles and plan for occlusion. <br />In this work, we overcome such limitations and propose a complete system for aerial cinematography that combines: (1) a visual pose estimation algorithm for target localization; (2) a real-time incremental 3D signed-distance map algorithm for occlusion and safety computation; and (3) a real-time camera motion planner that optimizes smoothness, collisions, occlusions and artistic guidelines. We evaluate robustness and real-time performance in series of field experiments and simulations by tracking dynamic targets moving through unknown, unstructured environments. Finally, we verify that despite removing previous limitations, our system still matches state-of-the-art performance. Videos of the system in action can be seen at <a href="https://youtu.be/ZE9MnCVmumc">this https URL</a> 
### 55.Continuous Direct Sparse Visual Odometry from RGB-D Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02266.pdf)
>  This paper reports on a novel formulation and evaluation of visual odometry from RGB-D images. Assuming a static scene, the developed theoretical framework generalizes the widely used direct energy formulation (photometric error minimization) technique for obtaining a rigid body transformation that aligns two overlapping RGB-D images to a continuous formulation. The continuity is achieved through functional treatment of the problem and representing the process models over RGB-D images in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space; consequently, the registration is not limited to the specific image resolution and the framework is fully analytical with a closed-form derivation of the gradient. We solve the problem by maximizing the inner product between two functions defined over RGB-D images, while the continuous action of the rigid body motion Lie group is captured through the integration of the flow in the corresponding Lie algebra. Energy-based approaches have been extremely successful and the developed framework in this paper shares many of their desired properties such as the parallel structure on both CPUs and GPUs, sparsity, semi-dense tracking, avoiding explicit data association which is computationally expensive, and possible extensions to the simultaneous localization and mapping frameworks. The evaluations on experimental data and comparison with the energy-based formulation of the problem confirm the effectiveness of the proposed technique, especially, when the lack of structure and texture in the environment is evident. 
### 56.Decomposing Temperature Time Series with Non-Negative Matrix Factorization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02217.pdf)
>  During the fabrication of casting parts sensor data is typically automatically recorded and accumulated for process monitoring and defect diagnosis. As casting is a thermal process with many interacting process parameters, root cause analysis tends to be tedious and ineffective. We show how a decomposition based on non-negative matrix factorization (NMF), which is guided by a knowledge-based initialization strategy, is able to extract physical meaningful sources from temperature time series collected during a thermal manufacturing process. The approach assumes the time series to be generated by a superposition of several simultaneously acting component processes. NMF is able to reverse the superposition and to identify the hidden component processes. The latter can be linked to ongoing physical phenomena and process variables, which cannot be monitored directly. Our approach provides new insights into the underlying physics and offers a tool, which can assist in diagnosing defect causes. We demonstrate our method by applying it to real world data, collected in a foundry during the series production of casting parts for the automobile industry. 
### 57.Linearly Converging Quasi Branch and Bound Algorithms for Global Rigid Registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02204.pdf)
>  In recent years, several branch-and-bound (BnB) algorithms have been proposed to globally optimize rigid registration problems. In this paper, we suggest a general framework to improve upon the BnB approach, which we name Quasi BnB. Quasi BnB replaces the linear lower bounds used in BnB algorithms with quadratic quasi-lower bounds which are based on the quadratic behavior of the energy in the vicinity of the global minimum. While quasi-lower bounds are not truly lower bounds, the Quasi-BnB algorithm is globally optimal. In fact we prove that it exhibits linear convergence -- it achieves $\epsilon$-accuracy in $~O(\log(1/\epsilon)) $ time while the time complexity of other rigid registration BnB algorithms is polynomial in $1/\epsilon $. Our experiments verify that Quasi-BnB is significantly more efficient than state-of-the-art BnB algorithms, especially for problems where high accuracy is desired. 
