# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 4 Apr 2019
### 1.Point Cloud Oversegmentation with Graph-Structured Deep Metric Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02113.pdf)
>  We propose a new supervized learning framework for oversegmenting 3D point clouds into superpoints. We cast this problem as learning deep embeddings of the local geometry and radiometry of 3D points, such that the border of objects presents high contrasts. The embeddings are computed using a lightweight neural network operating on the points&#39; local neighborhood. Finally, we formulate point cloud oversegmentation as a graph partition problem with respect to the learned embeddings. <br />This new approach allows us to set a new state-of-the-art in point cloud oversegmentation by a significant margin, on a dense indoor dataset (S3DIS) and a sparse outdoor one (vKITTI). Our best solution requires over five times fewer superpoints to reach similar performance than previously published methods on S3DIS. Furthermore, we show that our framework can be used to improve superpoint-based semantic segmentation algorithms, setting a new state-of-the-art for this task as well. 
### 2.Exploring the Semantics for Visual Relationship Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02104.pdf)
>  Scene graph construction / visual relationship detection from an image aims to give a precise structural description of the objects (nodes) and their relationships (edges). The mutual promotion of object detection and relationship detection is important for enhancing their individual performance. In this work, we propose a new framework, called semantics guided graph relation neural network (SGRN), for effective visual relationship detection. First, to boost the object detection accuracy, we introduce a source-target class cognoscitive transformation that transforms the features of the co-occurent objects to the target object domain to refine the visual features. Similarly, source-target cognoscitive transformations are used to refine features of objects from features of relations, and vice versa. Second, to boost the relation detection accuracy, besides the visual features of the paired objects, we embed the class probability of the object and subject separately to provide high level semantic information. In addition, to reduce the search space of relationships, we design a semantics-aware relationship filter to exclude those object pairs that have no relation. We evaluate our approach on the Visual Genome dataset and it achieves the state-of-the-art performance for visual relationship detection. Additionally, Our approach also significantly improves the object detection performance (i.e. 4.2\% in mAP accuracy). 
### 3.FatSegNet : A Fully Automated Deep Learning Pipeline for Adipose Tissue Segmentation on Abdominal Dixon MRI  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02082.pdf)
>  Purpose: Development of a fast and fully automated deep learning pipeline (FatSegNet) to accurately identify, segment, and quantify abdominal adipose tissue on Dixon MRI from the Rhineland Study - a large prospective population-based study. Method: FatSegNet is composed of three stages: (i) consistent localization of the abdominal region using two 2D-Competitive Dense Fully Convolutional Networks (CDFNet), (ii) segmentation of adipose tissue on three views by independent CDFNets, and (iii) view aggregation. FatSegNet is trained with 33 manually annotated subjects, and validated by: 1) comparison of segmentation accuracy against a testingset covering a wide range of body mass index (BMI), 2) test-retest reliability, and 3) robustness in a large cohort study. Results: The CDFNet demonstrates increased robustness compared to traditional deep learning networks. FatSegNet dice score outperforms manual raters on the abdominal visceral adipose tissue (VAT, 0.828 vs. 0.788), and produces comparable results on subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT, 0.973 vs. 0.982). The pipeline has very small test-retest absolute percentage difference and excellent agreement between scan sessions (VAT: APD = 2.957%, ICC=0.998 and SAT: APD= 3.254%, ICC=0.996). Conclusion: FatSegNet can reliably analyze a 3D Dixon MRI in1 min. It generalizes well to different body shapes, sensitively replicates known VAT and SAT volume effects in a large cohort study, and permits localized analysis of fat compartments. 
### 4.Learning for Multi-Type Subspace Clustering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02075.pdf)
>  Subspace clustering has been extensively studied from the hypothesis-and-test, algebraic, and spectral clustering based perspectives. Most assume that only a single type/class of subspace is present. Generalizations to multiple types are non-trivial, plagued by challenges such as choice of types and numbers of models, sampling imbalance and parameter tuning. In this work, we formulate the multi-type subspace clustering problem as one of learning non-linear subspace filters via deep multi-layer perceptrons (mlps). The response to the learnt subspace filters serve as the feature embedding that is clustering-friendly, i.e., points of the same clusters will be embedded closer together through the network. For inference, we apply K-means to the network output to cluster the data. Experiments are carried out on both synthetic and real world multi-type fitting problems, producing state-of-the-art results. 
### 5.A Visual Neural Network for Robust Collision Perception in Vehicle Driving Scenarios  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02074.pdf)
>  This research addresses the challenging problem of visual collision detection in very complex and dynamic real physical scenes, specifically, the vehicle driving scenarios. This research takes inspiration from a large-field looming sensitive neuron, i.e., the lobula giant movement detector (LGMD) in the locust&#39;s visual pathways, which represents high spike frequency to rapid approaching objects. Building upon our previous models, in this paper we propose a novel inhibition mechanism that is capable of adapting to different levels of background complexity. This adaptive mechanism works effectively to mediate the local inhibition strength and tune the temporal latency of local excitation reaching the LGMD neuron. As a result, the proposed model is effective to extract colliding cues from complex dynamic visual scenes. We tested the proposed method using a range of stimuli including simulated movements in grating backgrounds and shifting of a natural panoramic scene, as well as vehicle crash video sequences. The experimental results demonstrate the proposed method is feasible for fast collision perception in real-world situations with potential applications in future autonomous vehicles. 
### 6.Interpreting Adversarial Examples by Activation Promotion and Suppression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02057.pdf)
>  It is widely known that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are vulnerable to adversarial examples: crafted images with imperceptible perturbations. However, interpretability of these perturbations is less explored in the literature. This work aims to better understand the roles of adversarial perturbations and provide visual explanations from pixel, image and network perspectives. We show that adversaries make a promotion and suppression effect (PSE) on neurons&#39; activation and can be primarily categorized into three types: 1)suppression-dominated perturbations that mainly reduce the classification score of the true label, 2)promotion-dominated perturbations that focus on boosting the confidence of the target label, and 3)balanced perturbations that play a dual role on suppression and promotion. Further, we provide the image-level interpretability of adversarial examples, which links PSE of pixel-level perturbations to class-specific discriminative image regions localized by class activation mapping. Lastly, we analyze the effect of adversarial examples through network dissection, which offers concept-level interpretability of hidden units. We show that there exists a tight connection between the sensitivity (against attacks) of internal response of units with their interpretability on semantic concepts. 
### 7.Estimating Chlorophyll a Concentrations of Several Inland Waters with Hyperspectral Data and Machine Learning Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02052.pdf)
>  Water is a key component of life, the natural environment and human health. For monitoring the conditions of a water body, the chlorophyll a concentration can serve as a proxy for nutrients and oxygen supply. In situ measurements of water quality parameters are often time-consuming, expensive and limited in areal validity. Therefore, we apply remote sensing techniques. During field campaigns, we collected hyperspectral data with a spectrometer and in situ measured chlorophyll a concentrations of 13 inland water bodies with different spectral characteristics. One objective of this study is to estimate chlorophyll a concentrations of these inland waters by applying three machine learning regression models: Random Forest, Support Vector Machine and an Artificial Neural Network. Additionally, we simulate four different hyperspectral resolutions of the spectrometer data to investigate the effects on the estimation performance. Furthermore, the application of first order derivatives of the spectra is evaluated in turn to the regression performance. This study reveals the potential of combining machine learning approaches and remote sensing data for inland waters. Each machine learning model achieves an R2-score between 80 % to 90 % for the regression on chlorophyll a concentrations. The random forest model benefits clearly from the applied derivatives of the spectra. In further studies, we will focus on the application of machine learning models on spectral satellite data to enhance the area-wide estimation of chlorophyll a concentration for inland waters. 
### 8.Towards Computational Models and Applications of Insect Visual Systems for Motion Perception: A Review  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02048.pdf)
>  Motion perception is a critical capability determining a variety of aspects of insects&#39; life, including avoiding predators, foraging and so forth. A good number of motion detectors have been identified in the insects&#39; visual pathways. Computational modelling of these motion detectors has not only been providing effective solutions to artificial intelligence, but also benefiting the understanding of complicated biological visual systems. These biological mechanisms through millions of years of evolutionary development will have formed solid modules for constructing dynamic vision systems for future intelligent machines. This article reviews the computational motion perception models originating from biological research of insects&#39; visual systems in the literature. These motion perception models or neural networks comprise the looming sensitive neuronal models of lobula giant movement detectors (LGMDs) in locusts, the translation sensitive neural systems of direction selective neurons (DSNs) in fruit flies, bees and locusts, as well as the small target motion detectors (STMDs) in dragonflies and hover flies. We also review the applications of these models to robots and vehicles. Through these modelling studies, we summarise the methodologies that generate different direction and size selectivity in motion perception. At last, we discuss about multiple systems integration and hardware realisation of these bio-inspired motion perception models. 
### 9.CAM-Convs: Camera-Aware Multi-Scale Convolutions for Single-View Depth  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02028.pdf)
>  Single-view depth estimation suffers from the problem that a network trained on images from one camera does not generalize to images taken with a different camera model. Thus, changing the camera model requires collecting an entirely new training dataset. In this work, we propose a new type of convolution that can take the camera parameters into account, thus allowing neural networks to learn calibration-aware patterns. Experiments confirm that this improves the generalization capabilities of depth prediction networks considerably, and clearly outperforms the state of the art when the train and test images are acquired with different cameras. 
### 10.Super accurate low latency object detection on a surveillance UAV  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02024.pdf)
>  Drones have proven to be useful in many industry segments such as security and surveillance, where e.g. on-board real-time object tracking is a necessity for autonomous flying guards. Tracking and following suspicious objects is therefore required in real-time on limited hardware. With an object detector in the loop, low latency becomes extremely important. In this paper, we propose a solution to make object detection for UAVs both fast and super accurate. We propose a multi-dataset learning strategy yielding top eye-sky object detection accuracy. Our model generalizes well on unseen data and can cope with different flying heights, optically zoomed-in shots and different viewing angles. We apply optimization steps such that we achieve minimal latency on embedded on-board hardware by fusing layers, quantizing calculations to 16-bit floats and 8-bit integers, with negligible loss in accuracy. We validate on NVIDIA&#39;s Jetson TX2 and Jetson Xavier platforms where we achieve a speed-wise performance boost of more than 10x. 
### 11.Invariance Matters: Exemplar Memory for Domain Adaptive Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01990.pdf)
>  This paper considers the domain adaptive person re-identification (re-ID) problem: learning a re-ID model from a labeled source domain and an unlabeled target domain. Conventional methods are mainly to reduce feature distribution gap between the source and target domains. However, these studies largely neglect the intra-domain variations in the target domain, which contain critical factors influencing the testing performance on the target domain. In this work, we comprehensively investigate into the intra-domain variations of the target domain and propose to generalize the re-ID model w.r.t three types of the underlying invariance, i.e., exemplar-invariance, camera-invariance and neighborhood-invariance. To achieve this goal, an exemplar memory is introduced to store features of the target domain and accommodate the three invariance properties. The memory allows us to enforce the invariance constraints over global training batch without significantly increasing computation cost. Experiment demonstrates that the three invariance properties and the proposed memory are indispensable towards an effective domain adaptation system. Results on three re-ID domains show that our domain adaptation accuracy outperforms the state of the art by a large margin. Code is available at: <a href="https://github.com/zhunzhong07/ECN">this https URL</a> 
### 12.Hybrid Cosine Based Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01987.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have demonstrated their capability to solve different kind of problems in a very huge number of applications. However, CNNs are limited for their computational and storage requirements. These limitations make difficult to implement these kind of neural networks on embedded devices such as mobile phones, smart cameras or advanced driving assistance systems. In this paper, we present a novel layer named Hybrid Cosine Based Convolution that replaces standard convolutional layers using cosine basis to generate filter weights. The proposed layers provide several advantages: faster convergence in training, the receptive field can be increased at no cost and substantially reduce the number of parameters. We evaluate our proposed layers on three competitive classification tasks where our proposed layers can achieve similar (and in some cases better) performances than VGG and ResNet architectures. 
### 13.Stacked Semantic-Guided Network for Zero-Shot Sketch-Based Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01971.pdf)
>  Zero-shot sketch-based image retrieval (ZS-SBIR) is a task of cross-domain image retrieval from a natural image gallery with free-hand sketch under a zero-shot scenario. Previous works mostly focus on a generative approach that takes a highly abstract and sparse sketch as input and then synthesizes the corresponding natural image. However, the intrinsic visual sparsity and large intra-class variance of the sketch make the learning of the conditional decoder more difficult and hence achieve unsatisfactory retrieval performance. In this paper, we propose a novel stacked semantic-guided network to address the unique characteristics of sketches in ZS-SBIR. Specifically, we devise multi-layer feature fusion networks that incorporate different intermediate feature representation information in a deep neural network to alleviate the intrinsic sparsity of sketches. In order to improve visual knowledge transfer from seen to unseen classes, we elaborate a coarse-to-fine conditional decoder that generates coarse-grained category-specific corresponding features first (taking auxiliary semantic information as conditional input) and then generates fine-grained instance-specific corresponding features (taking sketch representation as conditional input). Furthermore, regression loss and classification loss are utilized to preserve the semantic and discriminative information of the synthesized features respectively. Extensive experiments on the large-scale Sketchy dataset and TU-Berlin dataset demonstrate that our proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods by more than 20\% in retrieval performance. 
### 14.End-to-End Visual Speech Recognition for Small-Scale Datasets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01954.pdf)
>  Traditional visual speech recognition systems consist of two stages, feature extraction and classification. Recently, several deep learning approaches have been presented which automatically extract features from the mouth images and aim to replace the feature extraction stage. However, research on joint learning of features and classification remains limited. In addition, most of the existing methods require large amounts of data in order to achieve state-of-the-art performance, otherwise they under-perform. In this work, we present an end-to-end visual speech recognition system based on fully-connected layers and Long-Short Memory (LSTM) networks which is suitable for small-scale datasets. The model consists of two streams which extract features directly from the mouth and difference images, respectively. The temporal dynamics in each stream are modelled by a Bidirectional LSTM (BLSTM) and the fusion of the two streams takes place via another BLSTM. An absolute improvement of 0.6%, 3.4%, 3.9%, 11.4% over the state-of-the-art is reported on the OuluVS2, CUAVE, AVLetters and AVLetters2 databases, respectively. 
### 15.Character Region Awareness for Text Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01941.pdf)
>  Scene text detection methods based on neural networks have emerged recently and have shown promising results. Previous methods trained with rigid word-level bounding boxes exhibit limitations in representing the text region in an arbitrary shape. In this paper, we propose a new scene text detection method to effectively detect text area by exploring each character and affinity between characters. To overcome the lack of individual character level annotations, our proposed framework exploits both the given character-level annotations for synthetic images and the estimated character-level ground-truths for real images acquired by the learned interim model. In order to estimate affinity between characters, the network is trained with the newly proposed representation for affinity. Extensive experiments on six benchmarks, including the TotalText and CTW-1500 datasets which contain highly curved texts in natural images, demonstrate that our character-level text detection significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art detectors. According to the results, our proposed method guarantees high flexibility in detecting complicated scene text images, such as arbitrarily-oriented, curved, or deformed texts. 
### 16.CubiCasa5K: A Dataset and an Improved Multi-Task Model for Floorplan Image Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01920.pdf)
>  Better understanding and modelling of building interiors and the emergence of more impressive AR/VR technology has brought up the need for automatic parsing of floorplan images. However, there is a clear lack of representative datasets to investigate the problem further. To address this shortcoming, this paper presents a novel image dataset called CubiCasa5K, a large-scale floorplan image dataset containing 5000 samples annotated into over 80 floorplan object categories. The dataset annotations are performed in a dense and versatile manner by using polygons for separating the different objects. Diverging from the classical approaches based on strong heuristics and low-level pixel operations, we present a method relying on an improved multi-task convolutional neural network. By releasing the novel dataset and our implementations, this study significantly boosts the research on automatic floorplan image analysis as it provides a richer set of tools for investigating the problem in a more comprehensive manner. 
### 17.ICface: Interpretable and Controllable Face Reenactment Using GANs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01909.pdf)
>  This paper presents a generic face animator that is able to control the pose and expressions of a given face image. The animation is driven by human interpretable control signals consisting of head pose angles and the Action Unit (AU) values. The control information can be obtained from multiple sources including external driving videos and manual controls. Due to the interpretable nature of the driving signal, one can easily mix the information between multiple sources (e.g. pose from one image and expression from another) and apply selective post-production editing. The proposed face animator is implemented as a two stage neural network model that is learned in self-supervised manner using a large video collection. The proposed Interpretable and Controllable face reenactment network (ICface) is compared to the state-of-the-art neural network based face animation techniques in multiple tasks. The results indicate that ICface produces better visual quality, while being more versatile than most of the comparison methods. The introduced model could provide a lightweight and easy to use tool for multitude of advanced image and video editing tasks. 
### 18.Multi-layered Spiking Neural Network with Target Timestamp Threshold Adaptation and STDP  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01908.pdf)
>  Spiking neural networks (SNNs) are good candidates to produce ultra-energy-efficient hardware. However, the performance of these models is currently behind traditional methods. Introducing multi-layered SNNs is a promising way to reduce this gap. We propose in this paper a new threshold adaptation system which uses a timestamp objective at which neurons should fire. We show that our method leads to state-of-the-art classification rates on the MNIST dataset (98.60%) and the Faces/Motorbikes dataset (99.46%) with an unsupervised SNN followed by a linear SVM. We also investigate the sparsity level of the network by testing different inhibition policies and STDP rules. 
### 19.What is wrong with scene text recognition model comparisons? dataset and model analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01906.pdf)
>  Many new proposals for scene text recognition (STR) models have been introduced in recent years. While each claim to have pushed the boundary of the technology, a holistic and fair comparison has been largely missing in the field due to the inconsistent choices of training and evaluation datasets. This paper addresses this difficulty with three major contributions. First, we examine the inconsistencies of training and evaluation datasets, and the performance gap results from inconsistencies. Second, we introduce a unified four-stage STR framework that most existing STR models fit into. Using this framework allows for the extensive evaluation of previously proposed STR modules and the discovery of previously unexplored module combinations. Third, we analyze the module-wise contributions to performance in terms of accuracy, speed, and memory demand, under one consistent set of training and evaluation datasets. Such analyses clean up the hindrance on the current comparisons to understand the performance gain of the existing modules. 
### 20.Semantic Bilinear Pooling for Fine-Grained Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01893.pdf)
>  Fine-grained recognition, e.g., vehicle identification or bird classification, naturally has specific hierarchical labels, where fine levels are always much harder to be classified than coarse levels. However, most of the recent deep learning based methods neglect the semantic structure of fine-grained objects, and do not take advantages of the traditional fine-grained recognition techniques (e.g. coarse-to-fine classification). In this paper, we propose a novel framework, i.e., semantic bilinear pooling, for fine-grained recognition with hierarchical multi-label learning. This framework can adaptively learn the semantic information from the hierarchical labels. Specifically, a generalized softmax loss is designed for the training of the proposed framework, in order to fully exploit the semantic priors via considering the relevance between adjacent levels. A variety of experiments on several public datasets show that our proposed method has very impressive performance with low feature dimensions compared to other state-of-the-art methods. 
### 21.Beyond Tracking: Selecting Memory and Refining Poses for Deep Visual Odometry  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01892.pdf)
>  Most previous learning-based visual odometry (VO) methods take VO as a pure tracking problem. In contrast, we present a VO framework by incorporating two additional components called Memory and Refining. The Memory component preserves global information by employing an adaptive and efficient selection strategy. The Refining component ameliorates previous results with the contexts stored in the Memory by adopting a spatial-temporal attention mechanism for feature distilling. Experiments on the KITTI and TUM-RGBD benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method outperforms state-of-the-art learning-based methods by a large margin and produces competitive results against classic monocular VO approaches. Especially, our model achieves outstanding performance in challenging scenarios such as texture-less regions and abrupt motions, where classic VO algorithms tend to fail. 
### 22.DADA: Depth-aware Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01886.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) is important for applications where large scale annotation of representative data is challenging. For semantic segmentation in particular, it helps deploy on real &#34;target domain&#34; data models that are trained on annotated images from a different &#34;source domain&#34;, notably a virtual environment. To this end, most previous works consider semantic segmentation as the only mode of supervision for source domain data, while ignoring other, possibly available, information like depth. In this work, we aim at exploiting at best such a privileged information while training the UDA model. We propose a unified depth-aware UDA framework that leverages in several complementary ways the knowledge of dense depth in the source domain. As a result, the performance of the trained semantic segmentation model on the target domain is boosted. Our novel approach indeed achieves state-of-the-art performance on different challenging synthetic-2-real benchmarks. 
### 23.Geometry-Aware Symmetric Domain Adaptation for Monocular Depth Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01870.pdf)
>  Supervised depth estimation has achieved high accuracy due to the advanced deep network architectures. Since the groundtruth depth labels are hard to obtain, recent methods try to learn depth estimation networks in an unsupervised way by exploring unsupervised cues, which are effective but less reliable than true labels. An emerging way to resolve this dilemma is to transfer knowledge from synthetic images with ground truth depth via domain adaptation techniques. However, these approaches overlook specific geometric structure of the natural images in the target domain (i.e., real data), which is important for high-performing depth prediction. Motivated by the observation, we propose a geometry-aware symmetric domain adaptation framework (GASDA) to explore the labels in the synthetic data and epipolar geometry in the real data jointly. Moreover, by training two image style translators and depth estimators symmetrically in an end-to-end network, our model achieves better image style transfer and generates high-quality depth maps. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method and comparable performance against the state-of-the-art. Code will be publicly available at: <a href="https://github.com/sshan-zhao/GASDA">this https URL</a>. 
### 24.A Comprehensive Overhaul of Feature Distillation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01866.pdf)
>  We investigate the design aspects of feature distillation methods achieving network compression and propose a novel feature distillation method in which the distillation loss is designed to make a synergy among various aspects: teacher transform, student transform, distillation feature position and distance function. Our proposed distillation loss includes a feature transform with a newly designed margin ReLU, a new distillation feature position, and a partial L2 distance function to skip redundant information giving adverse effects to the compression of student. In ImageNet, our proposed method achieves 21.65% of top-1 error with ResNet50, which outperforms the performance of the teacher network, ResNet152. Our proposed method is evaluated on various tasks such as image classification, object detection and semantic segmentation and achieves a significant performance improvement in all tasks. 
### 25.Learning Context Graph for Person Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01830.pdf)
>  Person re-identification has achieved great progress with deep convolutional neural networks. However, most previous methods focus on learning individual appearance feature embedding, and it is hard for the models to handle difficult situations with different illumination, large pose variance and occlusion. In this work, we take a step further and consider employing context information for person search. For a probe-gallery pair, we first propose a contextual instance expansion module, which employs a relative attention module to search and filter useful context information in the scene. We also build a graph learning framework to effectively employ context pairs to update target similarity. These two modules are built on top of a joint detection and instance feature learning framework, which improves the discriminativeness of the learned features. The proposed framework achieves state-of-the-art performance on two widely used person search datasets. 
### 26.Unsupervised Deep Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01828.pdf)
>  We propose an unsupervised visual tracking method in this paper. Different from existing approaches using extensive annotated data for supervised learning, our CNN model is trained on large-scale unlabeled videos in an unsupervised manner. Our motivation is that a robust tracker should be effective in both the forward and backward predictions (i.e., the tracker can forward localize the target object in successive frames and backtrace to its initial position in the first frame). We build our framework on a Siamese correlation filter network, which is trained using unlabeled raw videos. Meanwhile, we propose a multiple-frame validation method and a cost-sensitive loss to facilitate unsupervised learning. Without bells and whistles, the proposed unsupervised tracker achieves the baseline accuracy of fully supervised trackers, which require complete and accurate labels during training. Furthermore, unsupervised framework exhibits a potential in leveraging unlabeled or weakly labeled data to further improve the tracking accuracy. 
### 27.SFNet: Learning Object-aware Semantic Correspondence  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01810.pdf)
>  We address the problem of semantic correspondence, that is, establishing a dense flow field between images depicting different instances of the same object or scene category. We propose to use images annotated with binary foreground masks and subjected to synthetic geometric deformations to train a convolutional neural network (CNN) for this task. Using these masks as part of the supervisory signal offers a good compromise between semantic flow methods, where the amount of training data is limited by the cost of manually selecting point correspondences, and semantic alignment ones, where the regression of a single global geometric transformation between images may be sensitive to image-specific details such as background clutter. We propose a new CNN architecture, dubbed SFNet, which implements this idea. It leverages a new and differentiable version of the argmax function for end-to-end training, with a loss that combines mask and flow consistency with smoothness terms. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach, which significantly outperforms the state of the art on standard benchmarks. 
### 28.GFF: Gated Fully Fusion for Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01803.pdf)
>  Semantic segmentation generates comprehensive understanding of scenes at a semantic level through densely predicting the category for each pixel. High-level features from Deep Convolutional Neural Networks already demonstrate their effectiveness in semantic segmentation tasks, however the coarse resolution of high-level features often leads to inferior results for small/thin objects where detailed information is important but missing. It is natural to consider importing low level features to compensate the lost detailed information in high level representations. Unfortunately, simply combining multi-level features is less effective due to the semantic gap existing among them. In this paper, we propose a new architecture, named Gated Fully Fusion(GFF), to selectively fuse features from multiple levels using gates in a fully connected way. Specifically, features at each level are enhanced by higher-level features with stronger semantics and lower-level features with more details, and gates are used to control the propagation of useful information which significantly reduces the noises during fusion. We achieve the state of the art results on two challenging scene understanding datasets, i.e., 82.3% mIoU on Cityscapes test set and 45.3% mIoU on ADE20K validation set. Codes and the trained models will be made publicly available. 
### 29.Correlation Congruence for Knowledge Distillation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01802.pdf)
>  Most teacher-student frameworks based on knowledge distillation (KD) depend on a strong congruent constraint on instance level. However, they usually ignore the correlation between multiple instances, which is also valuable for knowledge transfer. In this work, we propose a new framework named correlation congruence for knowledge distillation (CCKD), which transfers not only the instance-level information, but also the correlation between instances. Furthermore, a generalized kernel method based on Taylor series expansion is proposed to better capture the correlation between instances. Empirical experiments and ablation studies on image classification tasks (including CIFAR-100, ImageNet-1K) and metric learning tasks (including ReID and Face Recognition) show that the proposed CCKD substantially outperforms the original KD and achieves state-of-the-art accuracy compared with other SOTA KD-based methods. The CCKD can be easily deployed in the majority of the teacher-student framework such as KD and hint-based learning methods. 
### 30.MAVNet: an Effective Semantic Segmentation Micro-Network for MAV-based Tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01795.pdf)
>  Real-time image semantic segmentation is an essential capability to enhance robot autonomy and improve human situational awareness. In this paper, we present MAVNet, a novel deep neural network approach for semantic segmentation suitable for small scale Micro Aerial Vehicles (MAVs). Our approach is compatible with the size, weight, and power(SWaP) constraints typical of small scale MAVs, which can only employ small processing units and GPUs. These units have typically limited computational capacity, which has to be concurrently shared with other real time performance tasks such as visual odometry and path planning. Our proposed solution MAVNet, is a fast and compact network inspired by ERFNet and features about 400 times fewer parameters in comparison. Experimental results on multiple datasets validate our proposed approach. Additionally, comparisons with other state of the art approaches show that our solution outperforms theirs in terms of speed and accuracy achieving up to 48 FPS on an NVIDIA 1080Ti and 9 FPS on the NVIDIA Jetson Xavier when processing high resolution imagery. Our algorithm and datasets are made publicly available. 
### 31.Soft Rasterizer: A Differentiable Renderer for Image-based 3D Reasoning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01786.pdf)
>  Rendering bridges the gap between 2D vision and 3D scenes by simulating the physical process of image formation. By inverting such renderer, one can think of a learning approach to infer 3D information from 2D images. However, standard graphics renderers involve a fundamental discretization step called rasterization, which prevents the rendering process to be differentiable, hence able to be learned. Unlike the state-of-the-art differentiable renderers, which only approximate the rendering gradient in the back propagation, we propose a truly differentiable rendering framework that is able to (1) directly render colorized mesh using differentiable functions and (2) back-propagate efficient supervision signals to mesh vertices and their attributes from various forms of image representations, including silhouette, shading and color images. The key to our framework is a novel formulation that views rendering as an aggregation function that fuses the probabilistic contributions of all mesh triangles with respect to the rendered pixels. Such formulation enables our framework to flow gradients to the occluded and far-range vertices, which cannot be achieved by the previous state-of-the-arts. We show that by using the proposed renderer, one can achieve significant improvement in 3D unsupervised single-view reconstruction both qualitatively and quantitatively. Experiments also demonstrate that our approach is able to handle the challenging tasks in image-based shape fitting, which remain nontrivial to existing differentiable renderers. 
### 32.Patchwork: A Patch-wise Attention Network for Efficient Object Detection and Segmentation in Video Streams  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01784.pdf)
>  Recent advances in single-frame object detection and segmentation techniques have motivated a wide range of works to extend these methods to process video streams. In this paper, we explore the idea of hard attention aimed for latency-sensitive applications. Instead of reasoning about every frame separately, our method selects and only processes a small sub-window of the frame. Our technique then makes predictions for the full frame based on the sub-windows from previous frames and the update from the current sub-window. The latency reduction by this hard attention mechanism comes at the cost of degraded accuracy. We made two contributions to address this. First, we propose a specialized memory cell that recovers lost context when processing sub-windows. Secondly, we adopt a Q-learning-based policy training strategy that enables our approach to intelligently select the sub-windows such that the staleness in the memory hurts the performance the least. Our experiments suggest that our approach reduces the latency by approximately four times without significantly sacrificing the accuracy on the ImageNet VID video object detection dataset and the DAVIS video object segmentation dataset. We further demonstrate that we can reinvest the saved computation into other parts of the network, and thus resulting in an accuracy increase at a comparable computational cost as the original system and beating other recently proposed state-of-the-art methods in the low latency range. 
### 33.Conditional Adversarial Generative Flow for Controllable Image Synthesis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01782.pdf)
>  Flow-based generative models show great potential in image synthesis due to its reversible pipeline and exact log-likelihood target, yet it suffers from weak ability for conditional image synthesis, especially for multi-label or unaware conditions. This is because the potential distribution of image conditions is hard to measure precisely from its latent variable $z$. In this paper, based on modeling a joint probabilistic density of an image and its conditions, we propose a novel flow-based generative model named conditional adversarial generative flow (CAGlow). Instead of disentangling attributes from latent space, we blaze a new trail for learning an encoder to estimate the mapping from condition space to latent space in an adversarial manner. Given a specific condition $c$, CAGlow can encode it to a sampled $z$, and then enable robust conditional image synthesis in complex situations like combining person identity with multiple attributes. The proposed CAGlow can be implemented in both supervised and unsupervised manners, thus can synthesize images with conditional information like categories, attributes, and even some unknown properties. Extensive experiments show that CAGlow ensures the independence of different conditions and outperforms regular Glow to a significant extent. 
### 34.Image Generation from Small Datasets via Batch Statistics Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01774.pdf)
>  Thanks to the recent development of deep generative models, it is becoming possible to generate high-quality images with both fidelity and diversity. However, the training of such generative models requires a large dataset. To reduce the amount of data required, we propose a new method for transferring prior knowledge of the pre-trained generator, which is trained with a large dataset, to a small dataset in a different domain. Using such prior knowledge, the model can generate images leveraging some common sense that cannot be acquired from a small dataset. In this work, we propose a novel method focusing on the parameters for batch statistics, scale and shift, of the hidden layers in the generator. By training only these parameters in a supervised manner, we achieved stable training of the generator, and our method can generate higher quality images compared to previous methods without collapsing even when the dataset is small (~100). Our results show that the diversity of the filters acquired in the pre-trained generator is important for the performance on the target domain. By our method, it becomes possible to add a new class or domain to a pre-trained generator without disturbing the performance on the original domain. 
### 35.Target-Aware Deep Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01772.pdf)
>  Existing deep trackers mainly use convolutional neural networks pre-trained for generic object recognition task for representations. Despite demonstrated successes for numerous vision tasks, the contributions of using pre-trained deep features for visual tracking are not as significant as that for object recognition. The key issue is that in visual tracking the targets of interest can be arbitrary object class with arbitrary forms. As such, pre-trained deep features are less effective in modeling these targets of arbitrary forms for distinguishing them from the background. In this paper, we propose a novel scheme to learn target-aware features, which can better recognize the targets undergoing significant appearance variations than pre-trained deep features. To this end, we develop a regression loss and a ranking loss to guide the generation of target-active and scale-sensitive features. We identify the importance of each convolutional filter according to the back-propagated gradients and select the target-aware features based on activations for representing the targets. The target-aware features are integrated with a Siamese matching network for visual tracking. Extensive experimental results show that the proposed algorithm performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods in terms of accuracy and speed. 
### 36.M2KD: Multi-model and Multi-level Knowledge Distillation for Incremental Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01769.pdf)
>  Incremental learning targets at achieving good performance on new categories without forgetting old ones. Knowledge distillation has been shown critical in preserving the performance on old classes. Conventional methods, however, sequentially distill knowledge only from the last model, leading to performance degradation on the old classes in later incremental learning steps. In this paper, we propose a multi-model and multi-level knowledge distillation strategy. Instead of sequentially distilling knowledge only from the last model, we directly leverage all previous model snapshots. In addition, we incorporate an auxiliary distillation to further preserve knowledge encoded at the intermediate feature levels. To make the model more memory efficient, we adapt mask based pruning to reconstruct all previous models with a small memory footprint. Experiments on standard incremental learning benchmarks show that our method preserves the knowledge on old classes better and improves the overall performance over standard distillation techniques. 
### 37.VideoBERT: A Joint Model for Video and Language Representation Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01766.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning has become increasingly important to leverage the abundance of unlabeled data available on platforms like YouTube. Whereas most existing approaches learn low-level representations, we propose a joint visual-linguistic model to learn high-level features without any explicit supervision. In particular, inspired by its recent success in language modeling, we build upon the BERT model to learn bidirectional joint distributions over sequences of visual and linguistic tokens, derived from vector quantization of video data and off-the-shelf speech recognition outputs, respectively. We use this model in a number of tasks, including action classification and video captioning. We show that it can be applied directly to open-vocabulary classification, and confirm that large amounts of training data and cross-modal information are critical to performance. Furthermore, we outperform the state-of-the-art on video captioning, and quantitative results verify that the model learns high-level semantic features. 
### 38.Do not Omit Local Minimizer: a Complete Solution for Pose Estimation from 3D Correspondences  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01759.pdf)
>  Estimating pose from given 3D correspondences, including point-to-point, point-to-line and point-to-plane correspondences, is a fundamental task in computer vision with many applications. We present a complete solution for this task, including a solution for the minimal problem and the least-squares problem of this task. Previous works mainly focused on finding the global minimizer to address the least-squares problem. However, existing works that show the ability to achieve global minimizer are still unsuitable for real-time applications. Furthermore, as one of contributions of this paper, we prove that there exist ambiguous configurations for any number of lines and planes. These configurations have several solutions in theory, which makes the correct solution may come from a local minimizer. Our algorithm is efficient and able to reveal local minimizers. We employ the Cayley-Gibbs-Rodriguez (CGR) parameterization of the rotation to derive a general rational cost for the three cases of 3D correspondences. The main contribution of this paper is to solve the resulting equation system of the minimal problem and the first-order optimality conditions of the least-squares problem, both of which are of complicated rational forms. The central idea of our algorithm is to introduce intermediate unknowns to simplify the problem. Extensive experimental results show that our algorithm significantly outperforms previous algorithms when the number of correspondences is small. Besides, when the global minimizer is the solution, our algorithm achieves the same accuracy as previous algorithms that have guaranteed global optimality, but our algorithm is applicable to real-time applications. 
### 39.Cross-Entropy Adversarial View Adaptation for Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01755.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (re-ID) is a task of matching pedestrians under disjoint camera views. To recognise paired snapshots, it has to cope with large cross-view variations caused by the camera view shift. Supervised deep neural networks are effective in producing a set of non-linear projections that can transform cross-view images into a common feature space. However, they typically impose a symmetric architecture, yielding the network ill-conditioned on its optimisation. In this paper, we learn view-invariant subspace for person re-ID, and its corresponding similarity metric using an adversarial view adaptation approach. The main contribution is to learn coupled asymmetric mappings regarding view characteristics which are adversarially trained to address the view discrepancy by optimising the cross-entropy view confusion objective. To determine the similarity value, the network is empowered with a similarity discriminator to promote features that are highly discriminant in distinguishing positive and negative pairs. The other contribution includes an adaptive weighing on the most difficult samples to address the imbalance of within/between-identity pairs. Our approach achieves notable improved performance in comparison to state-of-the-arts on benchmark datasets. 
### 40.Fully Using Classifiers for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation with Modified Cues  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01749.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel weakly-supervised semantic segmentation method using image-level label only. The class-specific activation maps from the well-trained classifiers are used as cues to train a segmentation network. The well-known defects of these cues are coarseness and incompleteness. We use super-pixel to refine them, and fuse the cues extracted from both a color image trained classifier and a gray image trained classifier to compensate for their incompleteness. The conditional random field is adapted to regulate the training process and to refine the outputs further. Besides initializing the segmentation network, the previously trained classifier is also used in the testing phase to suppress the non-existing classes. Experimental results on the PASCAL VOC 2012 dataset illustrate the effectiveness of our method. 
### 41.Evaluation of the Spatio-Temporal features and GAN for Micro-expression Recognition System  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01748.pdf)
>  Owing to the development and advancement of artificial intelligence, numerous works were established in the human facial expression recognition system. Meanwhile, the detection and classification of micro-expressions are attracting attentions from various research communities in the recent few years. In this paper, we first review the processes of a conventional optical-flow-based recognition system, which comprised of facial landmarks annotations, optical flow guided images computation, features extraction and emotion class categorization. Secondly, a few approaches have been proposed to improve the feature extraction part, such as exploiting GAN to generate more image samples. Particularly, several variations of optical flow are computed in order to generate optimal images to lead to high recognition accuracy. Next, GAN, a combination of Generator and Discriminator, is utilized to generate new &#34;fake&#34; images to increase the sample size. Thirdly, a modified state-of-the-art Convolutional neural networks is proposed. To verify the effectiveness of the the proposed method, the results are evaluated on spontaneous micro-expression databases, namely SMIC, CASME II and SAMM. Both the F1-score and accuracy performance metrics are reported in this paper. 
### 42.FaceQnet: Quality Assessment for Face Recognition based on Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01740.pdf)
>  In this paper we develop a Quality Assessment approach for face recognition based on deep learning. The method consists of a Convolutional Neural Network, FaceQnet, that is used to predict the suitability of a specific input image for face recognition purposes. The training of FaceQnet is done using the VGGFace2 database. We employ the BioLab-ICAO framework for labeling the VGGFace2 images with quality information related to their ICAO compliance level. The groundtruth quality labels are obtained using FaceNet to generate comparison scores. We employ the groundtruth data to fine-tune a ResNet-based CNN, making it capable of returning a numerical quality measure for each input image. Finally, we verify if the FaceQnet scores are suitable to predict the expected performance when employing a specific image for face recognition with a COTS face recognition system. Several conclusions can be drawn from this work, most notably: 1) we managed to employ an existing ICAO compliance framework and a pretrained CNN to automatically label data with quality information, 2) we trained FaceQnet for quality estimation by fine-tuning a pre-trained face recognition network (ResNet-50), and 3) we have shown that the predictions from FaceQnet are highly correlated with the face recognition accuracy of a state-of-the-art commercial system not used during development. FaceQnet is publicly available in GitHub. 
### 43.SADIH: Semantic-Aware DIscrete Hashing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01739.pdf)
>  Due to its low storage cost and fast query speed, hashing has been recognized to accomplish similarity search in large-scale multimedia retrieval applications. Particularly supervised hashing has recently received considerable research attention by leveraging the label information to preserve the pairwise similarities of data points in the Hamming space. However, there still remain two crucial bottlenecks: 1) the learning process of the full pairwise similarity preservation is computationally unaffordable and unscalable to deal with big data; 2) the available category information of data are not well-explored to learn discriminative hash functions. To overcome these challenges, we propose a unified Semantic-Aware DIscrete Hashing (SADIH) framework, which aims to directly embed the transformed semantic information into the asymmetric similarity approximation and discriminative hashing function learning. Specifically, a semantic-aware latent embedding is introduced to asymmetrically preserve the full pairwise similarities while skillfully handle the cumbersome n times n pairwise similarity matrix. Meanwhile, a semantic-aware autoencoder is developed to jointly preserve the data structures in the discriminative latent semantic space and perform data reconstruction. Moreover, an efficient alternating optimization algorithm is proposed to solve the resulting discrete optimization problem. Extensive experimental results on multiple large-scale datasets demonstrate that our SADIH can clearly outperform the state-of-the-art baselines with the additional benefit of lower computational costs. 
### 44.Deep Policy Hashing Network with Listwise Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01728.pdf)
>  Deep-networks-based hashing has become a leading approach for large-scale image retrieval, which learns a similarity-preserving network to map similar images to nearby hash codes. The pairwise and triplet losses are two widely used similarity preserving manners for deep hashing. These manners ignore the fact that hashing is a prediction task on the list of binary codes. However, learning deep hashing with listwise supervision is challenging in 1) how to obtain the rank list of whole training set when the batch size of the deep network is always small and 2) how to utilize the listwise supervision. In this paper, we present a novel deep policy hashing architecture with two systems are learned in parallel: a query network and a shared and slowly changing database network. The following three steps are repeated until convergence: 1) the database network encodes all training samples into binary codes to obtain a whole rank list, 2) the query network is trained based on policy learning to maximize a reward that indicates the performance of the whole ranking list of binary codes, e.g., mean average precision (MAP), and 3) the database network is updated as the query network. Extensive evaluations on several benchmark datasets show that the proposed method brings substantial improvements over state-of-the-art hashing methods. 
### 45.3DRegNet: A Deep Neural Network for 3D Point Registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01701.pdf)
>  We present 3DRegNet, a deep learning algorithm for the registration of 3D scans. With the recent emergence of inexpensive 3D commodity sensors, it would be beneficial to develop a learning based 3D registration algorithm. Given a set of 3D point correspondences, we build a deep neural network using deep residual layers and convolutional layers to achieve two tasks: (1) classification of the point correspondences into correct/incorrect ones, and (2) regression of the motion parameters that can align the scans into a common reference frame. 3DRegNet has several advantages over classical methods. First, since 3DRegNet works on point correspondences and not on the original scans, our approach is significantly faster than many conventional approaches. Second, we show that the algorithm can be extended for multi-view scenarios, i.e., simultaneous handling of the registration for more than two scans. In contrast to pose regression networks that employ four variables to represent rotation using quaternions, we use Lie algebra to represent the rotation using only three variables. Extensive experiments on two challenging datasets (i.e. ICL-NUIM and SUN3D) demonstrate that we outperform other methods and achieve state-of-the-art results. The code will be made available. 
### 46.Multigrid Predictive Filter Flow for Unsupervised Learning on Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01693.pdf)
>  We introduce multigrid Predictive Filter Flow (mgPFF), a framework for unsupervised learning on videos. The mgPFF takes as input a pair of frames and outputs per-pixel filters to warp one frame to the other. Compared to optical flow used for warping frames, mgPFF is more powerful in modeling sub-pixel movement and dealing with corruption (e.g., motion blur). We develop a multigrid coarse-to-fine modeling strategy that avoids the requirement of learning large filters to capture large displacement. This allows us to train an extremely compact model (4.6MB) which operates in a progressive way over multiple resolutions with shared weights. We train mgPFF on unsupervised, free-form videos and show that mgPFF is able to not only estimate long-range flow for frame reconstruction and detect video shot transitions, but also readily amendable for video object segmentation and pose tracking, where it substantially outperforms the published state-of-the-art without bells and whistles. Moreover, owing to mgPFF&#39;s nature of per-pixel filter prediction, we have the unique opportunity to visualize how each pixel is evolving during solving these tasks, thus gaining better interpretability. 
### 47.Monocular 3D Object Detection Leveraging Accurate Proposals and Shape Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01690.pdf)
>  We present MonoPSR, a monocular 3D object detection method that leverages proposals and shape reconstruction. First, using the fundamental relations of a pinhole camera model, detections from a mature 2D object detector are used to generate a 3D proposal per object in a scene. The 3D location of these proposals prove to be quite accurate, which greatly reduces the difficulty of regressing the final 3D bounding box detection. Simultaneously, a point cloud is predicted in an object centered coordinate system to learn local scale and shape information. However, the key challenge is how to exploit shape information to guide 3D localization. As such, we devise aggregate losses, including a novel projection alignment loss, to jointly optimize these tasks in the neural network to improve 3D localization accuracy. We validate our method on the KITTI benchmark where we set new state-of-the-art results among published monocular methods, including the harder pedestrian and cyclist classes, while maintaining efficient run-time. 
### 48.Activity Driven Weakly Supervised Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01665.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised object detection aims at reducing the amount of supervision required to train detection models. Such models are traditionally learned from images/videos labelled only with the object class and not the object bounding box. In our work, we try to leverage not only the object class labels but also the action labels associated with the data. We show that the action depicted in the image/video can provide strong cues about the location of the associated object. We learn a spatial prior for the object dependent on the action (e.g. &#34;ball&#34; is closer to &#34;leg of the person&#34; in &#34;kicking ball&#34;), and incorporate this prior to simultaneously train a joint object detection and action classification model. We conducted experiments on both video datasets and image datasets to evaluate the performance of our weakly supervised object detection model. Our approach outperformed the current state-of-the-art (SOTA) method by more than 6% in mAP on the Charades video dataset. 
### 49.Identifying disease-free chest X-ray images with deep transfer learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01654.pdf)
>  Chest X-rays (CXRs) are among the most commonly used medical image modalities. They are mostly used for screening, and an indication of disease typically results in subsequent tests. As this is mostly a screening test used to rule out chest abnormalities, the requesting clinicians are often interested in whether a CXR is normal or not. A machine learning algorithm that can accurately screen out even a small proportion of the &#34;real normal&#34; exams out of all requested CXRs would be highly beneficial in reducing the workload for radiologists. In this work, we report a deep neural network trained for classifying CXRs with the goal of identifying a large number of normal (disease-free) images without risking the discharge of sick patients. We use an ImageNet-pretrained Inception-ResNet-v2 model to provide the image features, which are further used to train a model on CXRs labelled by expert radiologists. The probability threshold for classification is optimized for 100% precision for the normal class, ensuring no sick patients are released. At this threshold we report an average recall of 50%. This means that the proposed solution has the potential to cut in half the number of disease-free CXRs examined by radiologists, without risking the discharge of sick patients. 
### 50.MVX-Net: Multimodal VoxelNet for 3D Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01649.pdf)
>  Many recent works on 3D object detection have focused on designing neural network architectures that can consume point cloud data. While these approaches demonstrate encouraging performance, they are typically based on a single modality and are unable to leverage information from other modalities, such as a camera. Although a few approaches fuse data from different modalities, these methods either use a complicated pipeline to process the modalities sequentially, or perform late-fusion and are unable to learn interaction between different modalities at early stages. In this work, we present PointFusion and VoxelFusion: two simple yet effective early-fusion approaches to combine the RGB and point cloud modalities, by leveraging the recently introduced VoxelNet architecture. Evaluation on the KITTI dataset demonstrates significant improvements in performance over approaches which only use point cloud data. Furthermore, the proposed method provides results competitive with the state-of-the-art multimodal algorithms, achieving top-2 ranking in five of the six bird&#39;s eye view and 3D detection categories on the KITTI benchmark, by using a simple single stage network. 
### 51.Sparse Bounded Degree Sum of Squares Optimization for Certifiably Globally Optimal Rotation Averaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01645.pdf)
>  Estimating unknown rotations from noisy measurements is an important step in SfM and other 3D vision tasks. Typically, local optimization methods susceptible to returning suboptimal local minima are used to solve the rotation averaging problem. A new wave of approaches that leverage convex relaxations have provided the first formal guarantees of global optimality for state estimation techniques involving SO(3). However, most of these guarantees are only applicable when the measurement error introduced by noise is within a certain bound that depends on the problem instance&#39;s structure. In this paper, we cast rotation averaging as a polynomial optimization problem over unit quaternions to produce the first rotation averaging method that is formally guaranteed to provide a certifiably globally optimal solution for \textit{any} problem instance. This is achieved by formulating and solving a sparse convex sum of squares (SOS) relaxation of the problem. We provide an open source implementation of our algorithm and experiments, demonstrating the benefits of our globally optimal approach. 
### 52.A Strong Baseline for Domain Adaptation and Generalization in Medical Imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01638.pdf)
>  This work provides a strong baseline for the problem of multi-source multi-target domain adaptation and generalization in medical imaging. Using a diverse collection of ten chest X-ray datasets, we empirically demonstrate the benefits of training medical imaging deep learning models on varied patient populations for generalization to out-of-sample domains. 
### 53.Boosting segmentation with weak supervision from image-to-image translation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01636.pdf)
>  In many cases, especially with medical images, it is prohibitively challenging to produce a sufficiently large training sample of pixel-level annotations to train deep neural networks for semantic image segmentation. On the other hand, some information is often known about the contents of images. We leverage information on whether an image presents the segmentation target or whether it is absent from the image to improve segmentation performance by augmenting the amount of data usable for model training. Specifically, we propose a semi-supervised framework that employs image-to-image translation between weak labels (e.g., presence vs. absence of cancer), in addition to fully supervised segmentation on some examples. We conjecture that this translation objective is well aligned with the segmentation objective as both require the same disentangling of image variations. Building on prior image-to-image translation work, we re-use the encoder and decoders for translating in either direction between two domains, employing a strategy of selectively decoding domain-specific variations. For presence vs. absence domains, the encoder produces variations that are common to both and those unique to the presence domain. Furthermore, we successfully re-use one of the decoders used in translation for segmentation. We validate the proposed method on synthetic tasks of varying difficulty as well as on the real task of brain tumor segmentation in magnetic resonance images, where we show significant improvements over standard semi-supervised training with autoencoding. 
### 54.Towards Human Body-Part Learning for Model-Free Gait Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01620.pdf)
>  Gait based biometric aims to discriminate among people by the way or manner they walk. It represents a biometric at distance which has many advantages over other biometric modalities. State-of-the-art methods require a limited cooperation from the individuals. Consequently, contrary to other modalities, gait is a non-invasive approach. As a behavioral analysis, gait is difficult to circumvent. Moreover, gait can be performed without the subject being aware of it. Consequently, it is more difficult to try to tamper one own biometric signature. In this paper we review different features and approaches used in gait recognition. A novel method able to learn the discriminative human body-parts to improve the recognition accuracy will be introduced. Extensive experiments will be performed on CASIA gait benchmark database and results will be compared to state-of-the-art methods. 
### 55.A Benchmark for Edge-Preserving Image Smoothing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01579.pdf)
>  Edge-preserving image smoothing is an important step for many low-level vision problems. Though many algorithms have been proposed, there are several difficulties hindering its further development. First, most existing algorithms cannot perform well on a wide range of image contents using a single parameter setting. Second, the performance evaluation of edge-preserving image smoothing remains subjective, and there lacks a widely accepted datasets to objectively compare the different algorithms. To address these issues and further advance the state of the art, in this work we propose a benchmark for edge-preserving image smoothing. This benchmark includes an image dataset with groundtruth image smoothing results as well as baseline algorithms that can generate competitive edge-preserving smoothing results for a wide range of image contents. The established dataset contains 500 training and testing images with a number of representative visual object categories, while the baseline methods in our benchmark are built upon representative deep convolutional network architectures, on top of which we design novel loss functions well suited for edge-preserving image smoothing. The trained deep networks run faster than most state-of-the-art smoothing algorithms with leading smoothing results both qualitatively and quantitatively. The benchmark is publicly accessible via <a href="https://github.com/zhufeida/Benchmark_EPS">this https URL</a>. 
### 56.A Comparative Study on Hierarchical Navigable Small World Graphs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02077.pdf)
>  Hierarchical navigable small world (HNSW) graphs get more and more popular on large-scale nearest neighbor search tasks since the source codes were released two years ago. The attractiveness of this approach lies in its superior performance over most of the nearest neighbor search approaches as well as its genericness to various distance measures. In this paper, several comparative studies have been conducted on this search approach. The role of hierarchical structure in HNSW and the function of HNSW graph itself are investigated. We find that the hierarchical structure in HNSW could not achieve &#34;a much better logarithmic complexity scaling&#34; as it was claimed in the paper, particularly on high dimensional data. Moreover, we find that similar high search speed efficiency as HNSW could be achieved with the support of flat k-NN graph after graph diversification. Finally, we point out the difficulty, faced by most of the graph based search approaches, is directly linked to &#34;curse of dimensionality&#34;. HNSW, like other graph based approaches, is unable to address such difficulty. 
### 57.Deep Landscape Features for Improving Vector-borne Disease Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01994.pdf)
>  The global population at risk of mosquito-borne diseases such as dengue, yellow fever, chikungunya and Zika is expanding. Infectious disease models commonly incorporate environmental measures like temperature and precipitation. Given increasing availability of high-resolution satellite imagery, here we consider including landscape features from satellite imagery into infectious disease prediction models. To do so, we implement a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model trained on Imagenet data and labelled landscape features in satellite data from London. We then incorporate landscape features from satellite image data from Pakistan, labelled using the CNN, in a well-known Susceptible-Infectious-Recovered epidemic model, alongside dengue case data from 2012-2016 in Pakistan. We study improvement of the prediction model for each of the individual landscape features, and assess the feasibility of using image labels from a different place. We find that incorporating satellite-derived landscape features can improve prediction of outbreaks, which is important for proactive and strategic surveillance and control programmes. 
### 58.D$^2$-City: A Large-Scale Dashcam Video Dataset of Diverse Traffic Scenarios  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01975.pdf)
>  Driving datasets accelerate the development of intelligent driving and related computer vision technologies, while substantial and detailed annotations serve as fuels and powers to boost the efficacy of such datasets to improve learning-based models. We propose D$^2$-City, a large-scale comprehensive collection of dashcam videos collected by vehicles on DiDi&#39;s platform. D$^2$-City contains more than 10000 video clips which deeply reflect the diversity and complexity of real-world traffic scenarios in China. We also provide bounding boxes and tracking annotations of 12 classes of objects in all frames of 1000 videos and detection annotations on keyframes for the remainder of the videos. Compared with existing datasets, D$^2$-City features data in varying weather, road, and traffic conditions and a huge amount of elaborate detection and tracking annotations. By bringing a diverse set of challenging cases to the community, we expect the D$^2$-City dataset will advance the perception and related areas of intelligent driving. 
### 59.Sequential Adaptive Design for Jump Regression Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.01648.pdf)
>  Selecting input data or design points for statistical models has been of great interest in sequential design and active learning. In this paper, we present a new strategy of selecting the design points for a regression model when the underlying regression function is discontinuous. Two main motivating examples are (1) compressed material imaging with the purpose of accelerating the imaging speed and (2) design for regression analysis over a phase diagram in chemistry. In both examples, the underlying regression functions have discontinuities, so many of the existing design optimization approaches cannot be applied for the two examples because they mostly assume a continuous regression function. There are some studies for estimating a discontinuous regression function from its noisy observations, but all noisy observations are typically provided in advance in these studies. In this paper, we develop a design strategy of selecting the design points for regression analysis with discontinuities. We first review the existing approaches relevant to design optimization and active learning for regression analysis and discuss their limitations in handling a discontinuous regression function. We then present our novel design strategy for a regression analysis with discontinuities: some statistical properties with a fixed design will be presented first, and then these properties will be used to propose a new criterion of selecting the design points for the regression analysis. Sequential design of experiments with the new criterion will be presented with numerical examples. 
