# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 8 Apr 2019
### 1.Detecting Human-Object Interactions via Functional Generalization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03181.pdf)
>  We present an approach for detecting human-object interactions (HOIs) in images, based on the idea that humans interact with functionally similar objects in a similar manner. The proposed model is simple and uses the visual features of the human, relative spatial orientation of the human and the object, and the knowledge that functionally similar objects take part in similar interactions with humans. We provide extensive experimental validation for our approach and demonstrate state-of-the-art results for HOI detection. On the HICO-Det dataset our method achieves a gain of over 7% absolute points in mean average precision (mAP) over published literature and even a gain of over 2.5% absolute mAP over contemporary work. We also show that our approach leads to significant performance gains for zero-shot HOI detection in the seen object setting. We further demonstrate that using a generic object detector, our model can generalize to interactions involving previously unseen objects. 
### 2.Moving Object Detection under Discontinuous Change in Illumination Using Tensor Low-Rank and Invariant Sparse Decomposition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03175.pdf)
>  Although low-rank and sparse decomposition based methods have been successfully applied to the problem of moving object detection using structured sparsity-inducing norms, they are still vulnerable to significant illumination changes that arise in certain applications. We are interested in moving object detection in applications involving time-lapse image sequences for which current methods mistakenly group moving objects and illumination changes into foreground. Our method relies on the multilinear (tensor) data low-rank and sparse decomposition framework to address the weaknesses of existing methods. The key to our proposed method is to create first a set of prior maps that can characterize the changes in the image sequence due to illumination. We show that they can be detected by a k-support norm. To deal with concurrent, two types of changes, we employ two regularization terms, one for detecting moving objects and the other for accounting for illumination changes, in the tensor low-rank and sparse decomposition formulation. Through comprehensive experiments using challenging datasets, we show that our method demonstrates a remarkable ability to detect moving objects under discontinuous change in illumination, and outperforms the state-of-the-art solutions to this challenging problem. 
### 3.HomebrewedDB: RGB-D Dataset for 6D Pose Estimation of 3D Objects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03167.pdf)
>  One of the most important prerequisites for creating and evaluating 6D object pose detectors are datasets with labeled 6D poses. In the advent of deep learning methods, demand for such datasets is consinuously arising. Despite the fact that some of those exist, they are scarce and typically have restricted setups, e.g. a single object per sequence, or focus on specific object types, such as textureless industrial parts. Besides, two significant components are often ignored: training only from available 3D models instead of real data and scalability, i.e. training one method to detect all objects rather than training one detector per object. Other challenges, such as occlusions, changing light conditions and object appearance changes, as well as precisely defined benchmarks are either not present or scattered among different datasets. <br />In this paper we present dataset for 6D pose estimation that covers the above-mentioned challenges, mainly targeting training from 3D models (both textured and textureless), scalability, occlusions, light and object appearance changes. The dataset features 33 objects (17 toy, 8 household and 8 industry-relevant objects) over 13 scenes of various difficulty. Moreover, we present a set benchmarks with the purpose of testing various desired properties of the detectors, particularly focusing on scalability with respect to the number of objects, resistance to changing light conditions, occlusions and clutter. We also set a baseline for the presented benchmarks using a publicly available state of the art detector. Considering difficulties in making such datasets, we plan to release the code allowing other researchers to extend this dataset or make their own datasets in the future. 
### 4.Unsupervised Image Matching and Object Discovery as Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03148.pdf)
>  Learning with complete or partial supervision is powerful but relies on ever-growing human annotation efforts. As a way to mitigate this serious problem, as well as to serve specific applications, unsupervised learning has emerged as an important field of research. In computer vision, unsupervised learning comes in various guises. We focus here on the unsupervised discovery and matching of object categories among images in a collection, following the work of Cho et al. 2015. We show that the original approach can be reformulated and solved as a proper optimization problem. Experiments on several benchmarks establish the merit of our approach. 
### 5.Spatial Shortcut Network for Human Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03141.pdf)
>  Like many computer vision problems, human pose estimation is a challenging problem in that recognizing a body part requires not only information from local area but also from areas with large spatial distance. In order to spatially pass information, large convolutional kernels and deep layers have been normally used, introducing high computation cost and large parameter space. Luckily for pose estimation, human body is geometrically structured in images, enabling modeling of spatial dependency. In this paper, we propose a spatial shortcut network for pose estimation task, where information is easier to flow spatially. We evaluate our model with detailed analyses and present its outstanding performance with smaller structure. 
### 6.Deep Learning Under the Microscope: Improving the Interpretability of Medical Imaging Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03127.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel interpretation method tailored to histological Whole Slide Image (WSI) processing. A Deep Neural Network (DNN), inspired by Bag-of-Features models is equipped with a Multiple Instance Learning (MIL) branch and trained with weak supervision for WSI classification. MIL avoids label ambiguity and enhances our model&#39;s expressive power without guiding its attention. We utilize a fine-grained logit heatmap of the models activations to interpret its decision-making process. The proposed method is quantitatively and qualitatively evaluated on two challenging histology datasets, outperforming a variety of baselines. In addition, two expert pathologists were consulted regarding the interpretability provided by our method and acknowledged its potential for integration into several clinical applications. 
### 7.Leaf segmentation through the classification of edges  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03124.pdf)
>  We present an approach to leaf level segmentation of images of Arabidopsis thaliana plants based upon detected edges. We introduce a novel approach to edge classification, which forms an important part of a method to both count the leaves and establish the leaf area of a growing plant from images obtained in a high-throughput phenotyping system. Our technique uses a relatively shallow convolutional neural network to classify image edges as background, plant edge, leaf-on-leaf edge or internal leaf noise. The edges themselves were found using the Canny edge detector and the classified edges can be used with simple image processing techniques to generate a region-based segmentation in which the leaves are distinct. This approach is strong at distinguishing occluding pairs of leaves where one leaf is largely hidden, a situation which has proved troublesome for plant image analysis systems in the past. In addition, we introduce the publicly available plant image dataset that was used for this work. 
### 8.Weakly Supervised Action Segmentation Using Mutual Consistency  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03116.pdf)
>  Action segmentation is the task of predicting the actions in each frame of a video. Because of the high cost of preparing training videos with full supervision for action segmentation, weakly supervised approaches which are able to learn only from transcripts are very appealing. In this paper, we propose a new approach for weakly supervised action segmentation based on a two branch network. The two branches of our network predict two redundant but different representations for action segmentation. During training we introduce a new mutual consistency loss (MuCon) that enforces that these two representations are consistent. Using MuCon and a transcript prediction loss, our network achieves state-of-the-art results for action segmentation and action alignment while being fully differentiable and faster to train since it does not require a costly alignment step during training. 
### 9.3DQ: Compact Quantized Neural Networks for Volumetric Whole Brain Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03110.pdf)
>  Model architectures have been dramatically increasing in size, improving performance at the cost of resource requirements. In this paper we propose 3DQ, a ternary quantization method, applied for the first time to 3D Fully Convolutional Neural Networks (F-CNNs), enabling 16x model compression while maintaining performance on par with full precision models. We extensively evaluate 3DQ on two datasets for the challenging task of whole brain segmentation. Additionally, we showcase our method&#39;s ability to generalize on two common 3D architectures, namely 3D U-Net and V-Net. Outperforming a variety of baselines, the proposed method is capable of compressing large 3D models to a few MBytes, alleviating the storage needs in space critical applications. 
### 10.Radiotherapy Target Contouring with Convolutional Gated Graph Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03086.pdf)
>  Tomography medical imaging is essential in the clinical workflow of modern cancer radiotherapy. Radiation oncologists identify cancerous tissues, applying delineation on treatment regions throughout all image slices. This kind of task is often formulated as a volumetric segmentation task by means of 3D convolutional networks with considerable computational cost. Instead, inspired by the treating methodology of considering meaningful information across slices, we used Gated Graph Neural Network to frame this problem more efficiently. More specifically, we propose convolutional recurrent Gated Graph Propagator (GGP) to propagate high-level information through image slices, with learnable adjacency weighted matrix. Furthermore, as physicians often investigate a few specific slices to refine their decision, we model this slice-wise interaction procedure to further improve our segmentation result. This can be set by editing any slice effortlessly as updating predictions of other slices using GGP. To evaluate our method, we collect an Esophageal Cancer Radiotherapy Target Treatment Contouring dataset of 81 patients which includes tomography images with radiotherapy target. On this dataset, our convolutional graph network produces state-of-the-art results and outperforms the baselines. With the addition of interactive setting, performance is improved even further. Our method has the potential to be easily applied to diverse kinds of medical tasks with volumetric images. Incorporating both the ability to make a feasible prediction and to consider the human interactive input, the proposed method is suitable for clinical scenarios. 
### 11.SDC - Stacked Dilated Convolution: A Unified Descriptor Network for Dense Matching Tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03076.pdf)
>  Dense pixel matching is important for many computer vision tasks such as disparity and flow estimation. We present a robust, unified descriptor network that considers a large context region with high spatial variance. Our network has a very large receptive field and avoids striding layers to maintain spatial resolution. These properties are achieved by creating a novel neural network layer that consists of multiple, parallel, stacked dilated convolutions (SDC). Several of these layers are combined to form our SDC descriptor network. In our experiments, we show that our SDC features outperform state-of-the-art feature descriptors in terms of accuracy and robustness. In addition, we demonstrate the superior performance of SDC in state-of-the-art stereo matching, optical flow and scene flow algorithms on several famous public benchmarks. 
### 12.Comparative Analysis of Automatic Skin Lesion Segmentation with Two Different Implementations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03075.pdf)
>  Lesion segmentation from the surrounding skin is the first task for developing automatic Computer-Aided Diagnosis of skin cancer. Variant features of lesion like uneven distribution of color, irregular shape, border and texture make this task challenging. The contribution of this paper is to present and compare two different approaches to skin lesion segmentation. The first approach uses watershed, while the second approach uses mean-shift. Pre-processing steps were performed in both approaches for removing hair and dark borders of microscopic images. The Evaluation of the proposed approaches was performed using Jaccard Index (Intersection over Union or IoU). An additional contribution of this paper is to present pipelines for performing pre-processing and segmentation applying existing segmentation and morphological algorithms which led to promising results. On average, the first approach showed better performance than the second one with average Jaccard Index over 200 ISIC-2017 challenge images are 89.16% and 76.94% respectively. 
### 13.Automatic detection of lesion load change in Multiple Sclerosis using convolutional neural networks with segmentation confidence  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03041.pdf)
>  The detection of new or enlarged white-matter lesions in multiple sclerosis is a vital task in the monitoring of patients undergoing disease-modifying treatment for multiple sclerosis. However, the definition of &#39;new or enlarged&#39; is not fixed, and it is known that lesion-counting is highly subjective, with high degree of inter- and intra-rater variability. Automated methods for lesion quantification hold the potential to make the detection of new and enlarged lesions consistent and repeatable. However, the majority of lesion segmentation algorithms are not evaluated for their ability to separate progressive from stable patients, despite this being a pressing clinical use-case. In this paper we show that change in volumetric measurements of lesion load alone is not a good method for performing this separation, even for highly performing segmentation methods. Instead, we propose a method for identifying lesion changes of high certainty, and establish on a dataset of longitudinal multiple sclerosis cases that this method is able to separate progressive from stable timepoints with a very high level of discrimination (AUC = 0.99), while changes in lesion volume are much less able to perform this separation (AUC = 0.71). Validation of the method on a second external dataset confirms that the method is able to generalize beyond the setting in which it was trained, achieving an accuracy of 83% in separating stable and progressive timepoints. Both lesion volume and count have previously been shown to be strong predictors of disease course across a population. However, we demonstrate that for individual patients, changes in these measures are not an adequate means of establishing no evidence of disease activity. Meanwhile, directly detecting tissue which changes, with high confidence, from non-lesion to lesion is a feasible methodology for identifying radiologically active patients. 
### 14.Learning Task Relatedness in Multi-Task Learning for Images in Context  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03011.pdf)
>  Multimedia applications often require concurrent solutions to multiple tasks. These tasks hold clues to each-others solutions, however as these relations can be complex this remains a rarely utilized property. When task relations are explicitly defined based on domain knowledge multi-task learning (MTL) offers such concurrent solutions, while exploiting relatedness between multiple tasks performed over the same dataset. In most cases however, this relatedness is not explicitly defined and the domain expert knowledge that defines it is not available. To address this issue, we introduce Selective Sharing, a method that learns the inter-task relatedness from secondary latent features while the model trains. Using this insight, we can automatically group tasks and allow them to share knowledge in a mutually beneficial way. We support our method with experiments on 5 datasets in classification, regression, and ranking tasks and compare to strong baselines and state-of-the-art approaches showing a consistent improvement in terms of accuracy and parameter counts. In addition, we perform an activation region analysis showing how Selective Sharing affects the learned representation. 
### 15.What Object Should I Use? - Task Driven Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03000.pdf)
>  When humans have to solve everyday tasks, they simply pick the objects that are most suitable. While the question which object should one use for a specific task sounds trivial for humans, it is very difficult to answer for robots or other autonomous systems. This issue, however, is not addressed by current benchmarks for object detection that focus on detecting object categories. We therefore introduce the COCO-Tasks dataset which comprises about 40,000 images where the most suitable objects for 14 tasks have been annotated. We furthermore propose an approach that detects the most suitable objects for a given task. The approach builds on a Gated Graph Neural Network to exploit the appearance of each object as well as the global context of all present objects in the scene. In our experiments, we show that the proposed approach outperforms other approaches that are evaluated on the dataset like classification or ranking approaches. 
### 16.Relation-Aware Global Attention  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02998.pdf)
>  Attention mechanism aims to increase the representation power by focusing on important features and suppressing unnecessary ones. For convolutional neural networks (CNNs), attention is typically learned with local convolutions, which ignores the global information and the hidden relation. How to efficiently exploit the long-range context to globally learn attention is underexplored. In this paper, we propose an effective Relation-Aware Global Attention (RGA) module for CNNs to fully exploit the global correlations to infer the attention. Specifically, when computing the attention at a feature position, in order to grasp information of global scope, we propose to stack the relations, i.e., its pairwise correlations/affinities with all the feature positions, and the feature itself together for learning the attention with convolutional operations. Given an intermediate feature map, we have validated the effectiveness of this design across both the spatial and channel dimensions. When applied to the task of person re-identification, our model achieves the state-of-the-art performance. Extensive ablation studies demonstrate that our RGA can significantly enhance the feature representation power. We further demonstrate the general applicability of RGA to vision tasks by applying it to the scene segmentation and image classification tasks resulting in consistent performance improvement. 
### 17.Semantic Attribute Matching Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02969.pdf)
>  We present semantic attribute matching networks (SAM-Net) for jointly establishing correspondences and transferring attributes across semantically similar images, which intelligently weaves the advantages of the two tasks while overcoming their limitations. SAM-Net accomplishes this through an iterative process of establishing reliable correspondences by reducing the attribute discrepancy between the images and synthesizing attribute transferred images using the learned correspondences. To learn the networks using weak supervisions in the form of image pairs, we present a semantic attribute matching loss based on the matching similarity between an attribute transferred source feature and a warped target feature. With SAM-Net, the state-of-the-art performance is attained on several benchmarks for semantic matching and attribute transfer. 
### 18.Learning to Adapt for Stereo  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02957.pdf)
>  Real world applications of stereo depth estimation require models that are robust to dynamic variations in the environment. Even though deep learning based stereo methods are successful, they often fail to generalize to unseen variations in the environment, making them less suitable for practical applications such as autonomous driving. In this work, we introduce a &#34;learning-to-adapt&#34; framework that enables deep stereo methods to continuously adapt to new target domains in an unsupervised manner. Specifically, our approach incorporates the adaptation procedure into the learning objective to obtain a base set of parameters that are better suited for unsupervised online adaptation. To further improve the quality of the adaptation, we learn a confidence measure that effectively masks the errors introduced during the unsupervised adaptation. We evaluate our method on synthetic and real-world stereo datasets and our experiments evidence that learning-to-adapt is, indeed beneficial for online adaptation on vastly different domains. 
### 19.High-level Semantic Feature Detection:A New Perspective for Pedestrian Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02948.pdf)
>  Object detection generally requires sliding-window classifiers in tradition or anchor-based predictions in modern deep learning approaches. However, either of these approaches requires tedious configurations in windows or anchors. In this paper, taking pedestrian detection as an example, we provide a new perspective where detecting objects is motivated as a high-level semantic feature detection task. Like edges, corners, blobs and other feature detectors, the proposed detector scans for feature points all over the image, for which the convolution is naturally suited. However, unlike these traditional low-level features, the proposed detector goes for a higher-level abstraction, that is, we are looking for central points where there are pedestrians, and modern deep models are already capable of such a high-level semantic abstraction. Besides, like blob detection, we also predict the scales of the pedestrian points, which is also a straightforward convolution. Therefore, in this paper, pedestrian detection is simplified as a straightforward center and scale prediction task through convolutions. This way, the proposed method enjoys an anchor-free setting. Though structurally simple, it presents competitive accuracy and good speed on challenging pedestrian detection benchmarks, and hence leading to a new attractive pedestrian detector. Code and models will be available at \url{<a href="https://github.com/liuwei16/CSP">this https URL</a>}. 
### 20.Branched Multi-Task Networks: Deciding What Layers To Share  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02920.pdf)
>  In the context of deep learning, neural networks with multiple branches have been used that each solve different tasks. Such ramified networks typically start with a number of shared layers, after which different tasks branch out into their own sequence of layers. As the number of possible network configurations is combinatorially large, prior work has often relied on ad hoc methods to determine the level of layer sharing. <br />This work proposes a novel method to assess the relatedness of tasks in a principled way. We base the relatedness of a task pair on the usefulness of a set of features of one task for the other, and vice versa. The resulting task affinities are used for the automated construction of a branched multi-task network in which deeper layers gradually grow more task-specific. Our multi-task network outperforms the state-of-the-art on CelebA. Additionally, the layer sharing schemes devised by our method outperform common multi-task learning models which were constructed ad hoc. We include additional experiments on Cityscapes and SUN RGB-D to illustrate the wide applicability of our approach. Code and trained models for this paper are made available <a href="https://github.com/SimonVandenhende/">this https URL</a> 
### 21.3D LiDAR and Stereo Fusion using Stereo Matching Network with Conditional Cost Volume Normalization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02917.pdf)
>  The complementary characteristics of active and passive depth sensing techniques motivate the fusion of the Li-DAR sensor and stereo camera for improved depth perception. Instead of directly fusing estimated depths across LiDAR and stereo modalities, we take advantages of the stereo matching network with two enhanced techniques: Input Fusion and Conditional Cost Volume Normalization (CCVNorm) on the LiDAR information. The proposed framework is generic and closely integrated with the cost volume component that is commonly utilized in stereo matching neural networks. We experimentally verify the efficacy and robustness of our method on the KITTI Stereo and Depth Completion datasets, obtaining favorable performance against various fusion strategies. Moreover, we demonstrate that, with a hierarchical extension of CCVNorm, the proposed method brings only slight overhead to the stereo matching network in terms of computation time and model size. For project page, see <a href="https://zswang666.github.io/Stereo-LiDAR-CCVNorm-Project-Page/">this https URL</a> 
### 22.Point-to-Point Video Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02912.pdf)
>  While image manipulation achieves tremendous breakthroughs (e.g., generating realistic faces) in recent years, video generation is much less explored and harder to control, which limits its applications in the real world. For instance, video editing requires temporal coherence across multiple clips and thus poses both start and end constraints within a video sequence. We introduce point-to-point video generation that controls the generation process with two control points: the targeted start- and end-frames. The task is challenging since the model not only generates a smooth transition of frames, but also plans ahead to ensure that the generated end-frame conforms to the targeted end-frame for videos of various length. We propose to maximize the modified variational lower bound of conditional data likelihood under a skip-frame training strategy. Our model can generate sequences such that their end-frame is consistent with the targeted end-frame without loss of quality and diversity. Extensive experiments are conducted on Stochastic Moving MNIST, Weizmann Human Action, and Human3.6M to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed method. We demonstrate our method under a series of scenarios (e.g., dynamic length generation) and the qualitative results showcase the potential and merits of point-to-point generation. For project page, see <a href="https://zswang666.github.io/P2PVG-Project-Page/">this https URL</a> 
### 23.Deep Predictive Video Compression with Bi-directional Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02909.pdf)
>  Recently, deep image compression has shown a big progress in terms of coding efficiency and image quality improvement. However, relatively less attention has been put on video compression using deep learning networks. In the paper, we first propose a deep learning based bi-predictive coding network, called BP-DVC Net, for video compression. Learned from the lesson of the conventional video coding, a B-frame coding structure is incorporated in our BP-DVC Net. While the bi-predictive coding in the conventional video codecs requires to transmit to decoder sides the motion vectors for block motion and the residues from prediction, our BP-DVC Net incorporates optical flow estimation networks in both encoder and decoder sides so as not to transmit the motion information to the decoder sides for coding efficiency improvement. Also, a bi-prediction network in the BP-DVC Net is proposed and used to precisely predict the current frame and to yield the resulting residues as small as possible. Furthermore, our BP-DVC Net allows for the compressive feature maps to be entropy-coded using the temporal context among the feature maps of adjacent frames. The BP-DVC Net has an end-to-end video compression architecture with newly designed flow and prediction losses. Experimental results show that the compression performance of our proposed method is comparable to those of H.264, HEVC in terms of PSNR and MS-SSIM. 
### 24.Dense Haze: A benchmark for image dehazing with dense-haze and haze-free images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02904.pdf)
>  Single image dehazing is an ill-posed problem that has recently drawn important attention. Despite the significant increase in interest shown for dehazing over the past few years, the validation of the dehazing methods remains largely unsatisfactory, due to the lack of pairs of real hazy and corresponding haze-free reference images. To address this limitation, we introduce Dense-Haze - a novel dehazing dataset. Characterized by dense and homogeneous hazy scenes, Dense-Haze contains 33 pairs of real hazy and corresponding haze-free images of various outdoor scenes. The hazy scenes have been recorded by introducing real haze, generated by professional haze machines. The hazy and haze-free corresponding scenes contain the same visual content captured under the same illumination parameters. Dense-Haze dataset aims to push significantly the state-of-the-art in single-image dehazing by promoting robust methods for real and various hazy scenes. We also provide a comprehensive qualitative and quantitative evaluation of state-of-the-art single image dehazing techniques based on the Dense-Haze dataset. Not surprisingly, our study reveals that the existing dehazing techniques perform poorly for dense homogeneous hazy scenes and that there is still much room for improvement. 
### 25.Snap and Find: Deep Discrete Cross-domain Garment Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02887.pdf)
>  With the increasing number of online stores, there is a pressing need for intelligent search systems to understand the item photos snapped by customers and search against large-scale product databases to find their desired items. However, it is challenging for conventional retrieval systems to match up the item photos captured by customers and the ones officially released by stores, especially for garment images. To bridge the customer- and store- provided garment photos, existing studies have been widely exploiting the clothing attributes (\textit{e.g.,} black) and landmarks (\textit{e.g.,} collar) to learn a common embedding space for garment representations. Unfortunately they omit the sequential correlation of attributes and consume large quantity of human labors to label the landmarks. In this paper, we propose a deep multi-task cross-domain hashing termed \textit{DMCH}, in which cross-domain embedding and sequential attribute learning are modeled simultaneously. Sequential attribute learning not only provides the semantic guidance for embedding, but also generates rich attention on discriminative local details (\textit{e.g.,} black buttons) of clothing items without requiring extra landmark labels. This leads to promising performance and 306$\times$ boost on efficiency when compared with the state-of-the-art models, which is demonstrated through rigorous experiments on two public fashion datasets. 
### 26.Evading Defenses to Transferable Adversarial Examples by Translation-Invariant Attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02884.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks are vulnerable to adversarial examples, which can mislead classifiers by adding imperceptible perturbations. An intriguing property of adversarial examples is their good transferability, making black-box attacks feasible in real-world applications. Due to the threat of adversarial attacks, many methods have been proposed to improve the robustness. Several state-of-the-art defenses are shown to be robust against transferable adversarial examples. In this paper, we propose a translation-invariant attack method to generate more transferable adversarial examples against the defense models. By optimizing a perturbation over an ensemble of translated images, the generated adversarial example is less sensitive to the white-box model being attacked and has better transferability. To improve the efficiency of attacks, we further show that our method can be implemented by convolving the gradient at the untranslated image with a pre-defined kernel. Our method is generally applicable to any gradient-based attack method. Extensive experiments on the ImageNet dataset validate the effectiveness of the proposed method. Our best attack fools eight state-of-the-art defenses at an 82% success rate on average based only on the transferability, demonstrating the insecurity of the current defense techniques. 
### 27.Multiphase Level-Set Loss for Semi-Supervised and Unsupervised Segmentation with Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02872.pdf)
>  Recent state-of-the-art image segmentation algorithms are mostly based on deep neural network, thanks to its high performance and fast computation time. However, these methods are usually trained in a supervised manner, which requires large number of high quality ground-truth segmentation masks. On the other hand, classical image segmentation approaches such as level-set methods are still useful to help generation of segmentation masks without labels, but these algorithms are usually computationally expensive and often have limitation in semantic segmentation. In this paper, we propose a novel multiphase level-set loss function for deep learning-based semantic image segmentation without or with small labeled data. This loss function is based on the observation that the softmax layer of deep neural networks has striking similarity to the characteristic function in the classical multiphase level-set algorithms. We show that the multiphase level-set loss function enables semi-supervised or even unsupervised semantic segmentation. In addition, our loss function can be also used as a regularized function to enhance supervised semantic segmentation algorithms. Experimental results on multiple datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 28.Fast Spatio-Temporal Residual Network for Video Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02870.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning based video super-resolution (SR) methods have achieved promising performance. To simultaneously exploit the spatial and temporal information of videos, employing 3-dimensional (3D) convolutions is a natural approach. However, straight utilizing 3D convolutions may lead to an excessively high computational complexity which restricts the depth of video SR models and thus undermine the performance. In this paper, we present a novel fast spatio-temporal residual network (FSTRN) to adopt 3D convolutions for the video SR task in order to enhance the performance while maintaining a low computational load. Specifically, we propose a fast spatio-temporal residual block (FRB) that divide each 3D filter to the product of two 3D filters, which have considerably lower dimensions. Furthermore, we design a cross-space residual learning that directly links the low-resolution space and the high-resolution space, which can greatly relieve the computational burden on the feature fusion and up-scaling parts. Extensive evaluations and comparisons on benchmark datasets validate the strengths of the proposed approach and demonstrate that the proposed network significantly outperforms the current state-of-the-art methods. 
### 29.Actively Seeking and Learning from Live Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02865.pdf)
>  One of the key limitations of traditional machine learning methods is their requirement for training data that exemplifies all the information to be learned. This is a particular problem for visual question answering methods, which may be asked questions about virtually anything. The approach we propose is a step toward overcoming this limitation by searching for the information required at test time. The resulting method dynamically utilizes data from an external source, such as a large set of questions/answers or images/captions. Concretely, we learn a set of base weights for a simple VQA model, that are specifically adapted to a given question with the information specifically retrieved for this question. The adaptation process leverages recent advances in gradient-based meta learning and contributions for efficient retrieval and cross-domain adaptation. We surpass the state-of-the-art on the VQA-CP v2 benchmark and demonstrate our approach to be intrinsically more robust to out-of-distribution test data. We demonstrate the use of external non-VQA data using the MS COCO captioning dataset to support the answering process. This approach opens a new avenue for open-domain VQA systems that interface with diverse sources of data. 
### 30.Deep Tree Learning for Zero-shot Face Anti-Spoofing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02860.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing is designed to keep face recognition systems from recognizing fake faces as the genuine users. While advanced face anti-spoofing methods are developed, new types of spoof attacks are also being created and becoming a threat to all existing systems. We define the detection of unknown spoof attacks as Zero-Shot Face Anti-spoofing (ZSFA). Previous works of ZSFA only study 1-2 types of spoof attacks, such as print/replay attacks, which limits the insight of this problem. In this work, we expand the ZSFA problem to a wide range of 13 types of spoof attacks, including print attack, replay attack, 3D mask attacks, and so on. A novel Deep Tree Network (DTN) is proposed to tackle the ZSFA. The tree is learned to partition the spoof samples into semantic sub-groups in an unsupervised fashion. When a data sample arrives, being know or unknown attacks, DTN routes it to the most similar spoof cluster, and make the binary decision. In addition, to enable the study of ZSFA, we introduce the first face anti-spoofing database that contains diverse types of spoof attacks. Experiments show that our proposed method achieves the state of the art on multiple testing protocols of ZSFA. 
### 31.FLightNNs: Lightweight Quantized Deep Neural Networks for Fast and Accurate Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02835.pdf)
>  To improve the throughput and energy efficiency of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) on customized hardware, lightweight neural networks constrain the weights of DNNs to be a limited combination (denoted as $k\in\{1,2\}$) of powers of 2. In such networks, the multiply-accumulate operation can be replaced with a single shift operation, or two shifts and an add operation. To provide even more design flexibility, the $k$ for each convolutional filter can be optimally chosen instead of being fixed for every filter. In this paper, we formulate the selection of $k$ to be differentiable, and describe model training for determining $k$-based weights on a per-filter basis. Over 46 FPGA-design experiments involving eight configurations and four data sets reveal that lightweight neural networks with a flexible $k$ value (dubbed FLightNNs) fully utilize the hardware resources on Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs), our experimental results show that FLightNNs can achieve 2$\times$ speedup when compared to lightweight NNs with $k=2$, with only 0.1\% accuracy degradation. Compared to a 4-bit fixed-point quantization, FLightNNs achieve higher accuracy and up to 2$\times$ inference speedup, due to their lightweight shift operations. In addition, our experiments also demonstrate that FLightNNs can achieve higher computational energy efficiency for ASIC implementation. 
### 32.A Regularization Approach for Instance-Based Superset Label Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02832.pdf)
>  Different from the traditional supervised learning in which each training example has only one explicit label, superset label learning (SLL) refers to the problem that a training example can be associated with a set of candidate labels, and only one of them is correct. Existing SLL methods are either regularization-based or instance-based, and the latter of which has achieved state-of-the-art performance. This is because the latest instance-based methods contain an explicit disambiguation operation that accurately picks up the groundtruth label of each training example from its ambiguous candidate labels. However, such disambiguation operation does not fully consider the mutually exclusive relationship among different candidate labels, so the disambiguated labels are usually generated in a nondiscriminative way, which is unfavorable for the instance-based methods to obtain satisfactory performance. To address this defect, we develop a novel regularization approach for instance-based superset label (RegISL) learning so that our instance-based method also inherits the good discriminative ability possessed by the regularization scheme. Specifically, we employ a graph to represent the training set, and require the examples that are adjacent on the graph to obtain similar labels. More importantly, a discrimination term is proposed to enlarge the gap of values between possible labels and unlikely labels for every training example. As a result, the intrinsic constraints among different candidate labels are deployed, and the disambiguated labels generated by RegISL are more discriminative and accurate than those output by existing instance-based algorithms. The experimental results on various tasks convincingly demonstrate the superiority of our RegISL to other typical SLL methods in terms of both training accuracy and test accuracy. 
### 33.Regularizing Activation Distribution for Training Binarized Deep Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02823.pdf)
>  Binarized Neural Networks (BNNs) can significantly reduce the inference latency and energy consumption in resource-constrained devices due to their pure-logical computation and fewer memory accesses. However, training BNNs is difficult since the activation flow encounters degeneration, saturation, and gradient mismatch problems. Prior work alleviates these issues by increasing activation bits and adding floating-point scaling factors, thereby sacrificing BNN&#39;s energy efficiency. In this paper, we propose to use distribution loss to explicitly regularize the activation flow, and develop a framework to systematically formulate the loss. Our experiments show that the distribution loss can consistently improve the accuracy of BNNs without losing their energy benefits. Moreover, equipped with the proposed regularization, BNN training is shown to be robust to the selection of hyper-parameters including optimizer and learning rate. 
### 34.Video Classification with Channel-Separated Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02811.pdf)
>  Group convolution has been shown to offer great computational savings in various 2D convolutional architectures for image classification. It is natural to ask: 1) if group convolution can help to alleviate the high computational cost of video classification networks; 2) what factors matter the most in 3D group convolutional networks; and 3) what are good computation/accuracy trade-offs with 3D group convolutional networks. <br />This paper studies different effects of group convolution in 3D convolutional networks for video classification. We empirically demonstrate that the amount of channel interactions plays an important role in the accuracy of group convolutional networks. Our experiments suggest two main findings. First, it is a good practice to factorize 3D convolutions by separating channel interactions and spatiotemporal interactions as this leads to improved accuracy and lower computational cost. Second, 3D channel-separated convolutions provide a form of regularization, yielding lower training accuracy but higher test accuracy compared to 3D convolutions. These two empirical findings lead us to design an architecture -- Channel-Separated Convolutional Network (CSN) -- which is simple, efficient, yet accurate. On Kinetics and Sports1M, our CSNs significantly outperform state-of-the-art models while being 11-times more efficient. 
### 35.Assessment of Faster R-CNN in Man-Machine collaborative search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02805.pdf)
>  With the advent of modern expert systems driven by deep learning that supplement human experts (e.g. radiologists, dermatologists, surveillance scanners), we analyze how and when do such expert systems enhance human performance in a fine-grained small target visual search task. We set up a 2 session factorial experimental design in which humans visually search for a target with and without a Deep Learning (DL) expert system. We evaluate human changes of target detection performance and eye-movements in the presence of the DL system. We find that performance improvements with the DL system (computed via a Faster R-CNN with a VGG16) interacts with observer&#39;s perceptual abilities (e.g., sensitivity). The main results include: 1) The DL system reduces the False Alarm rate per Image on average across observer groups of both high/low sensitivity; 2) Only human observers with high sensitivity perform better than the DL system, while the low sensitivity group does not surpass individual DL system performance, even when aided with the DL system itself; 3) Increases in number of trials and decrease in viewing time were mainly driven by the DL system only for the low sensitivity group. 4) The DL system aids the human observer to fixate at a target by the 3rd fixation. These results provide insights of the benefits and limitations of deep learning systems that are collaborative or competitive with humans. 
### 36.VQD: Visual Query Detection in Natural Scenes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02794.pdf)
>  We propose Visual Query Detection (VQD), a new visual grounding task. In VQD, a system is guided by natural language to localize a \emph{variable} number of objects in an image. VQD is related to visual referring expression recognition, where the task is to localize only \emph{one} object. We describe the first dataset for VQD and we propose baseline algorithms that demonstrate the difficulty of the task compared to referring expression recognition. 
### 37.Crowd Transformer Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02774.pdf)
>  In this paper, we tackle the problem of Crowd Counting, and present a crowd density estimation based approach for obtaining the crowd count. Most of the existing crowd counting approaches rely on local features for estimating the crowd density map. In this work, we investigate the usefulness of combining local with non-local features for crowd counting. We use convolution layers for extracting local features, and a type of self-attention mechanism for extracting non-local features. We combine the local and the non-local features, and use it for estimating crowd density map. We conduct experiments on three publicly available Crowd Counting datasets, and achieve significant improvement over the previous approaches. 
### 38.Biometric Fish Classification of Temperate Species Using Convolutional Neural Network with Squeeze-and-Excitation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02768.pdf)
>  Our understanding and ability to effectively monitor and manage coastal ecosystems are severely limited by observation methods. Automatic recognition of species in natural environment is a promising tool which would revolutionize video and image analysis for a wide range of applications in marine ecology. However, classifying fish from images captured by underwater cameras is in general very challenging due to noise and illumination variations in water. Previous classification methods in the literature relies on filtering the images to separate the fish from the background or sharpening the images by removing background noise. This pre-filtering process may negatively impact the classification accuracy. In this work, we propose a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) using the Squeeze-and-Excitation (SE) architecture for classifying images of fish without pre-filtering. Different from conventional schemes, this scheme is divided into two steps. The first step is to train the fish classifier via a public data set, i.e., Fish4Knowledge, without using image augmentation, named as pre-training. The second step is to train the classifier based on a new data set consisting of species that we are interested in for classification, named as post-training. The weights obtained from pre-training are applied to post-training as a priori. This is also known as transfer learning. Our solution achieves the state-of-the-art accuracy of 99.27% accuracy on the pre-training. The accuracy on the post-training is 83.68%. Experiments on the post-training with image augmentation yields an accuracy of 87.74%, indicating that the solution is viable with a larger data set. 
### 39.Learning Implicit Generative Models by Matching Perceptual Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02762.pdf)
>  Perceptual features (PFs) have been used with great success in tasks such as transfer learning, style transfer, and super-resolution. However, the efficacy of PFs as key source of information for learning generative models is not well studied. We investigate here the use of PFs in the context of learning implicit generative models through moment matching (MM). More specifically, we propose a new effective MM approach that learns implicit generative models by performing mean and covariance matching of features extracted from pretrained ConvNets. Our proposed approach improves upon existing MM methods by: (1) breaking away from the problematic min/max game of adversarial learning; (2) avoiding online learning of kernel functions; and (3) being efficient with respect to both number of used moments and required minibatch size. Our experimental results demonstrate that, due to the expressiveness of PFs from pretrained deep ConvNets, our method achieves state-of-the-art results for challenging benchmarks. 
### 40.Blind Visual Motif Removal from a Single Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02756.pdf)
>  Many images shared over the web include overlaid objects, or visual motifs, such as text, symbols or drawings, which add a description or decoration to the image. For example, decorative text that specifies where the image was taken, repeatedly appears across a variety of different images. Often, the reoccurring visual motif, is semantically similar, yet, differs in location, style and content (e.g. text placement, font and letters). This work proposes a deep learning based technique for blind removal of such objects. In the blind setting, the location and exact geometry of the motif are unknown. Our approach simultaneously estimates which pixels contain the visual motif, and synthesizes the underlying latent image. It is applied to a single input image, without any user assistance in specifying the location of the motif, achieving state-of-the-art results for blind removal of both opaque and semi-transparent visual motifs. 
### 41.DeceptionNet: Network-Driven Domain Randomization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02750.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach to tackle domain adaptation between synthetic and real data. Instead of employing &#39;blind&#39; domain randomization, i.e. augmenting synthetic renderings with random backgrounds or changing illumination and colorization, we leverage the task network as its own adversarial guide towards useful augmentations that maximize the uncertainty of the output. To this end, we design a min-max optimization scheme where a given task competes against a special deception network, with the goal of minimizing the task error subject to specific constraints enforced by the deceiver. The deception network samples from a family of differentiable pixel-level perturbations and exploits the task architecture to find the most destructive augmentations. Unlike GAN-based approaches that require unlabeled data from the target domain, our method achieves robust mappings that scale well to multiple target distributions from source data alone. We apply our framework to the tasks of digit recognition on enhanced MNIST variants as well as classification and object pose estimation on the Cropped LineMOD dataset and compare to a number of domain adaptation approaches, demonstrating similar results with superior generalization capabilities. 
### 42.Learning to Cluster Faces on an Affinity Graph  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02749.pdf)
>  Face recognition sees remarkable progress in recent years, and its performance has reached a very high level. Taking it to a next level requires substantially larger data, which would involve prohibitive annotation cost. Hence, exploiting unlabeled data becomes an appealing alternative. Recent works have shown that clustering unlabeled faces is a promising approach, often leading to notable performance gains. Yet, how to effectively cluster, especially on a large-scale (i.e. million-level or above) dataset, remains an open question. A key challenge lies in the complex variations of cluster patterns, which make it difficult for conventional clustering methods to meet the needed accuracy. This work explores a novel approach, namely, learning to cluster instead of relying on hand-crafted criteria. Specifically, we propose a framework based on graph convolutional network, which combines a detection and a segmentation module to pinpoint face clusters. Experiments show that our method yields significantly more accurate face clusters, which, as a result, also lead to further performance gain in face recognition. 
### 43.Learning to Remember: A Synaptic Plasticity Driven Framework for Continual Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03137.pdf)
>  Models trained in the context of continual learning (CL) should be able to learn from a stream of data over an undefined period of time. The main challenges herein are: 1) maintaining old knowledge while simultaneously benefiting from it when learning new tasks, and 2) guaranteeing model scalability with a growing amount of data to learn from. In order to tackle these challenges, we introduce Dynamic Generative Memory (DGM) - a synaptic plasticity driven framework for continual learning. DGM relies on conditional generative adversarial networks with learnable connection plasticity realized with neural masking. Specifically, we evaluate two variants of neural masking: applied to (i) layer activations and (ii) to connection weights directly. Furthermore, we propose a dynamic network expansion mechanism that ensures sufficient model capacity to accommodate for continually incoming tasks. The amount of added capacity is determined dynamically from the learned binary mask. We evaluate DGM in the continual class-incremental setup on visual classification tasks. 
### 44.Controlling Neural Networks via Energy Dissipation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03081.pdf)
>  The last decade has shown a tremendous success in solving various computer vision problems with the help of deep learning techniques. Lately, many works have demonstrated that learning-based approaches with suitable network architectures even exhibit superior performance for the solution of (ill-posed) image reconstruction problems such as deblurring, super-resolution, or medical image reconstruction. The drawback of purely learning-based methods, however, is that they cannot provide provable guarantees for the trained network to follow a given data formation process during inference. In this work we propose energy dissipating networks that iteratively compute a descent direction with respect to a given cost function or energy at the currently estimated reconstruction. Therefore, an adaptive step size rule such as a line-search, along with a suitable number of iterations can guarantee the reconstruction to follow a given data formation model encoded in the energy to arbitrary precision, and hence control the model&#39;s behavior even during test time. We prove that under standard assumptions, descent using the direction predicted by the network converges (linearly) to the global minimum of the energy. We illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach in experiments on single image super resolution and computed tomography (CT) reconstruction, and further illustrate extensions to convex feasibility problems. 
### 45.A Hybrid Approach with Optimization and Metric-based Meta-Learner for Few-Shot Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03014.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning aims to learn classifiers for new classes with only a few training examples per class. Most existing few-shot learning approaches belong to either metric-based meta-learning or optimization-based meta-learning category, both of which have achieved successes in the simplified &#34;$k$-shot $N$-way&#34; image classification settings. Specifically, the optimization-based approaches train a meta-learner to predict the parameters of the task-specific classifiers. The task-specific classifiers are required to be homogeneous-structured to ease the parameter prediction, so the meta-learning approaches could only handle few-shot learning problems where the tasks share a uniform number of classes. The metric-based approaches learn one task-invariant metric for all the tasks. Even though the metric-learning approaches allow different numbers of classes, they require the tasks all coming from a similar domain such that there exists a uniform metric that could work across tasks. In this work, we propose a hybrid meta-learning model called Meta-Metric-Learner which combines the merits of both optimization- and metric-based approaches. Our meta-metric-learning approach consists of two components, a task-specific metric-based learner as a base model, and a meta-learner that learns and specifies the base model. Thus our model is able to handle flexible numbers of classes as well as generate more generalized metrics for classification across tasks. We test our approach in the standard &#34;$k$-shot $N$-way&#34; few-shot learning setting following previous works and a new realistic few-shot setting with flexible class numbers in both single-source form and multi-source forms. Experiments show that our approach can obtain superior performance in all settings. 
### 46.Blind Deconvolution Microscopy Using Cycle Consistent CNN with Explicit PSF Layer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02910.pdf)
>  Deconvolution microscopy has been extensively used to improve the resolution of the widefield fluorescent microscopy. Conventional approaches, which usually require the point spread function (PSF) measurement or blind estimation, are however computationally expensive. Recently, CNN based approaches have been explored as a fast and high performance alternative. In this paper, we present a novel unsupervised deep neural network for blind deconvolution based on cycle consistency and PSF modeling layers. In contrast to the recent CNN approaches for similar problem, the explicit PSF modeling layers improve the robustness of the algorithm. Experimental results confirm the efficacy of the algorithm. 
### 47.Single-Path NAS: Designing Hardware-Efficient ConvNets in less than 4 Hours  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02877.pdf)
>  Can we automatically design a Convolutional Network (ConvNet) with the highest image classification accuracy under the runtime constraint of a mobile device? Neural architecture search (NAS) has revolutionized the design of hardware-efficient ConvNets by automating this process. However, the NAS problem remains challenging due to the combinatorially large design space, causing a significant searching time (at least 200 GPU-hours). To alleviate this complexity, we propose Single-Path NAS, a novel differentiable NAS method for designing hardware-efficient ConvNets in less than 4 hours. Our contributions are as follows: 1. Single-path search space: Compared to previous differentiable NAS methods, Single-Path NAS uses one single-path over-parameterized ConvNet to encode all architectural decisions with shared convolutional kernel parameters, hence drastically decreasing the number of trainable parameters and the search cost down to few epochs. 2. Hardware-efficient ImageNet classification: Single-Path NAS achieves 74.96% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet with 79ms latency on a Pixel 1 phone, which is state-of-the-art accuracy compared to NAS methods with similar constraints (&lt;80ms). 3. NAS efficiency: Single-Path NAS search cost is only 8 epochs (30 TPU-hours), which is up to 5,000x faster compared to prior work. 4. Reproducibility: Unlike all recent mobile-efficient NAS methods which only release pretrained models, we open-source our entire codebase at: <a href="https://github.com/dstamoulis/single-path-nas">this https URL</a>. 
### 48.Deep Learning-based Universal Beamformer for Ultrasound Imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02843.pdf)
>  In ultrasound (US) imaging, individual channel RF measurements are back-propagated and accumulated to form an image after applying specific delays. While this time reversal is usually implemented using a hardware- or software-based delay-and-sum (DAS) beamformer, the performance of DAS decreases rapidly in situations where data acquisition is not ideal. Herein, for the first time, we demonstrate that a single data-driven beamformer designed as a deep neural network can directly process sub-sampled RF data acquired at different sampling rates to generate high quality US images. In particular, the proposed deep beamformer is evaluated for two distinct acquisition schemes: focused ultrasound imaging and planewave imaging. <br />Experimental results showed that the proposed deep beamformer exhibit significant performance gain for both focused and planar imaging schemes, in terms of contrast-to-noise ratio and structural similarity. 
### 49.Neural Models of the Psychosemantics of `Most&#39;  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02734.pdf)
>  How are the meanings of linguistic expressions related to their use in concrete cognitive tasks? Visual identification tasks show human speakers can exhibit considerable variation in their understanding, representation and verification of certain quantifiers. This paper initiates an investigation into neural models of these psycho-semantic tasks. We trained two types of network -- a convolutional neural network (CNN) model and a recurrent model of visual attention (RAM) -- on the &#34;most&#34; verification task from \citet{Pietroski2009}, manipulating the visual scene and novel notions of task duration. Our results qualitatively mirror certain features of human performance (such as sensitivity to the ratio of set sizes, indicating a reliance on approximate number) while differing in interesting ways (such as exhibiting a subtly different pattern for the effect of image type). We conclude by discussing the prospects for using neural models as cognitive models of this and other psychosemantic tasks. 
