# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 19 Apr 2019
### 1.Attentive Single-Tasking of Multiple Tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08918.pdf)
>  In this work we address task interference in universal networks by considering that a network is trained on multiple tasks, but performs one task at a time, an approach we refer to as "single-tasking multiple tasks". The network thus modifies its behaviour through task-dependent feature adaptation, or task attention. This gives the network the ability to accentuate the features that are adapted to a task, while shunning irrelevant ones. We further reduce task interference by forcing the task gradients to be statistically indistinguishable through adversarial training, ensuring that the common backbone architecture serving all tasks is not dominated by any of the task-specific gradients. Results in three multi-task dense labelling problems consistently show: (i) a large reduction in the number of parameters while preserving, or even improving performance and (ii) a smooth trade-off between computation and multi-task accuracy. We provide our system's code and pre-trained models at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://vision.ee.ethz.ch/~kmaninis/astmt/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 2.Early Detection of Injuries in MLB Pitchers from Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08916.pdf)
>  Injuries are a major cost in sports. Teams spend millions of dollars every year on players who are hurt and unable to play, resulting in lost games, decreased fan interest and additional wages for replacement players. Modern convolutional neural networks have been successfully applied to many video recognition tasks. In this paper, we introduce the problem of injury detection/prediction in MLB pitchers and experimentally evaluate the ability of such convolutional models to detect and predict injuries in pitches only from video data. We conduct experiments on a large dataset of TV broadcast MLB videos of 20 different pitchers who were injured during the 2017 season. We experimentally evaluate the model's performance on each individual pitcher, how well it generalizes to new pitchers, how it performs for various injuries, and how early it can predict or detect an injury. 
### 3.Deep Rigid Instance Scene Flow  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08913.pdf)
>  In this paper we tackle the problem of scene flow estimation in the context of self-driving. We leverage deep learning techniques as well as strong priors as in our application domain the motion of the scene can be composed by the motion of the robot and the 3D motion of the actors in the scene. We formulate the problem as energy minimization in a deep structured model, which can be solved efficiently in the GPU by unrolling a Gaussian-Newton solver. Our experiments in the challenging KITTI scene flow dataset show that we outperform the state-of-the-art by a very large margin, while being 800 times faster. 
### 4.Combating the Elsagate phenomenon: Deep learning architectures for disturbing cartoons  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08910.pdf)
>  Watching cartoons can be useful for children's intellectual, social and emotional development. However, the most popular video sharing platform today provides many videos with Elsagate content. Elsagate is a phenomenon that depicts childhood characters in disturbing circumstances (e.g., gore, toilet humor, drinking urine, stealing). Even with this threat easily available for children, there is no work in the literature addressing the problem. As the first to explore disturbing content in cartoons, we proceed from the most recent pornography detection literature applying deep convolutional neural networks combined with static and motion information of the video. Our solution is compatible with mobile platforms and achieved 92.6% of accuracy. Our goal is not only to introduce the first solution but also to bring up the discussion around Elsagate. 
### 5.CornerNet-Lite: Efficient Keypoint Based Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08900.pdf)
>  Keypoint-based methods are a relatively new paradigm in object detection, eliminating the need for anchor boxes and offering a simplified detection framework. Keypoint-based CornerNet achieves state of the art accuracy among single-stage detectors. However, this accuracy comes at high processing cost. In this work, we tackle the problem of efficient keypoint-based object detection and introduce CornerNet-Lite. CornerNet-Lite is a combination of two efficient variants of CornerNet: CornerNet-Saccade, which uses an attention mechanism to eliminate the need for exhaustively processing all pixels of the image, and CornerNet-Squeeze, which introduces a new compact backbone architecture. Together these two variants address the two critical use cases in efficient object detection: improving efficiency without sacrificing accuracy, and improving accuracy at real-time efficiency. CornerNet-Saccade is suitable for offline processing, improving the efficiency of CornerNet by 6.0x and the AP by 1.0% on COCO. CornerNet-Squeeze is suitable for real-time detection, improving both the efficiency and accuracy of the popular real-time detector YOLOv3 (34.4% AP at 34ms for CornerNet-Squeeze compared to 33.0% AP at 39ms for YOLOv3 on COCO). Together these contributions for the first time reveal the potential of keypoint-based detection to be useful for applications requiring processing efficiency. 
### 6.KPConv: Flexible and Deformable Convolution for Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08889.pdf)
>  We present Kernel Point Convolution (KPConv), a new design of point convolution, i.e. that operates on point clouds without any intermediate representation. The convolution weights of KPConv are located in Euclidean space by kernel points, and applied to the input points close to them. Its capacity to use any number of kernel points gives KPConv more flexibility than fixed grid convolutions. Furthermore, these locations are continuous in space and can be learned by the network. Therefore, KPConv can be extended to deformable convolutions that learn to adapt kernel points to local geometry. Thanks to a regular subsampling strategy, KPConv is also efficient and robust to varying densities. Whether they use deformable KPConv for complex tasks, or rigid KPconv for simpler tasks, our networks outperform state-of-the-art classification and segmentation approaches on several datasets. We also offer ablation studies and visualizations to provide understanding of what has been learned by KPConv and to validate the descriptive power of deformable KPConv. 
### 7.No-Reference Quality Assessment of Contrast-Distorted Images using Contrast Enhancement  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08879.pdf)
>  No-reference image quality assessment (NR-IQA) aims to measure the image quality without reference image. However, contrast distortion has been overlooked in the current research of NR-IQA. In this paper, we propose a very simple but effective metric for predicting quality of contrast-altered images based on the fact that a high-contrast image is often more similar to its contrast enhanced image. Specifically, we first generate an enhanced image through histogram equalization. We then calculate the similarity of the original image and the enhanced one by using structural-similarity index (SSIM) as the first feature. Further, we calculate the histogram based entropy and cross entropy between the original image and the enhanced one respectively, to gain a sum of 4 features. Finally, we learn a regression module to fuse the aforementioned 5 features for inferring the quality score. Experiments on four publicly available databases validate the superiority and efficiency of the proposed technique. 
### 8.Salient Object Detection: A Distinctive Feature Integration Model  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08868.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for salient object detection in different images. Our method integrates spatial features for efficient and robust representation to capture meaningful information about the salient objects. We then train a conditional random field (CRF) using the integrated features. The trained CRF model is then used to detect salient objects during the online testing stage. We perform experiments on two standard datasets and compare the performance of our method with different reference methods. Our experiments show that our method outperforms the compared methods in terms of precision, recall, and F-Measure. 
### 9.Enhanced Center Coding for Cell Detection with Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08864.pdf)
>  Cell imaging and analysis are fundamental to biomedical research because cells are the basic functional units of life. Among different cell-related analysis, cell counting and detection are widely used. In this paper, we focus on one common step of learning-based cell counting approaches: coding the raw dot labels into more suitable maps for learning. Two criteria of coding raw dot labels are discussed, and a new coding scheme is proposed in this paper. The two criteria measure how easy it is to train the model with a coding scheme, and how robust the recovered raw dot labels are when predicting. The most compelling advantage of the proposed coding scheme is the ability to distinguish neighboring cells in crowded regions. Cell counting and detection experiments are conducted for five coding schemes on four types of cells and two network architectures. The proposed coding scheme improves the counting accuracy versus the widely-used Gaussian and rectangle kernels up to 12%, and also improves the detection accuracy versus the common proximity coding up to 14%. 
### 10.Generating Training Data for Denoising Real RGB Images via Camera Pipeline Simulation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08825.pdf)
>  Image reconstruction techniques such as denoising often need to be applied to the RGB output of cameras and cellphones. Unfortunately, the commonly used additive white noise (AWGN) models do not accurately reproduce the noise and the degradation encountered on these inputs. This is particularly important for learning-based techniques, because the mismatch between training and real world data will hurt their generalization. This paper aims to accurately simulate the degradation and noise transformation performed by camera pipelines. This allows us to generate realistic degradation in RGB images that can be used to train machine learning models. We use our simulation to study the importance of noise modeling for learning-based denoising. Our study shows that a realistic noise model is required for learning to denoise real JPEG images. A neural network trained on realistic noise outperforms the one trained with AWGN by 3 dB. An ablation study of our pipeline shows that simulating denoising and demosaicking is important to this improvement and that realistic demosaicking algorithms, which have been rarely considered, is needed. We believe this simulation will also be useful for other image reconstruction tasks, and we will distribute our code publicly. 
### 11.(De)Constructing Bias on Skin Lesion Datasets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08818.pdf)
>  Melanoma is the deadliest form of skin cancer. Automated skin lesion analysis plays an important role for early detection. Nowadays, the ISIC Archive and the Atlas of Dermoscopy dataset are the most employed skin lesion sources to benchmark deep-learning based tools. However, all datasets contain biases, often unintentional, due to how they were acquired and annotated. Those biases distort the performance of machine-learning models, creating spurious correlations that the models can unfairly exploit, or, contrarily destroying cogent correlations that the models could learn. In this paper, we propose a set of experiments that reveal both types of biases, positive and negative, in existing skin lesion datasets. Our results show that models can correctly classify skin lesion images without clinically-meaningful information: disturbingly, the machine-learning model learned over images where no information about the lesion remains, presents an accuracy above the AI benchmark curated with dermatologists' performances. That strongly suggests spurious correlations guiding the models. We fed models with additional clinically meaningful information, which failed to improve the results even slightly, suggesting the destruction of cogent correlations. Our main findings raise awareness of the limitations of models trained and evaluated in small datasets such as the ones we evaluated, and may suggest future guidelines for models intended for real-world deployment. 
### 12.DDNet: Cartesian-polar Dual-domain Network for the Joint Optic Disc and Cup Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08773.pdf)
>  Existing joint optic disc and cup segmentation approaches are developed either in Cartesian or polar coordinate system. However, due to the subtle optic cup, the contextual information exploited from the single domain even by the prevailing CNNs is still insufficient. In this paper, we propose a novel segmentation approach, named Cartesian-polar dual-domain network (DDNet), which for the first time considers the complementary of the Cartesian domain and the polar domain. We propose a two-branch of domain feature encoder and learn translation equivariant representations on rectilinear grid from Cartesian domain and rotation equivariant representations on polar grid from polar domain parallelly. To fuse the features on two different grids, we propose a dual-domain fusion module. This module builds the correspondence between two grids by the differentiable polar transform layer and learns the feature importance across two domains in element-wise to enhance the expressive capability. Finally, the decoder aggregates the fused features from low-level to high-level and makes dense predictions. We validate the state-of-the-art segmentation performances of our DDNet on the public dataset ORIGA. According to the segmentation masks, we estimate the commonly used clinical measure for glaucoma, i.e., the vertical cup-to-disc ratio. The low cup-to-disc ratio estimation error demonstrates the potential application in glaucoma screening. 
### 13.Uncovering convolutional neural network decisions for diagnosing multiple sclerosis on conventional MRI using layer-wise relevance propagation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08771.pdf)
>  Machine learning-based imaging diagnostics has recently reached or even superseded the level of clinical experts in several clinical domains. However, classification decisions of a trained machine learning system are typically non-transparent, a major hindrance for clinical integration, error tracking or knowledge discovery. In this study, we present a transparent deep learning framework relying on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and layer-wise relevance propagation (LRP) for diagnosing multiple sclerosis (MS). MS is commonly diagnosed utilizing a combination of clinical presentation and conventional magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), specifically the occurrence and presentation of white matter lesions in T2-weighted images. We hypothesized that using LRP in a naive predictive model would enable us to uncover relevant image features that a trained CNN uses for decision-making. Since imaging markers in MS are well-established this would enable us to validate the respective CNN model. First, we pre-trained a CNN on MRI data from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (n = 921), afterwards specializing the CNN to discriminate between MS patients and healthy controls (n = 147). Using LRP, we then produced a heatmap for each subject in the holdout set depicting the voxel-wise relevance for a particular classification decision. The resulting CNN model resulted in a balanced accuracy of 87.04% and an area under the curve of 96.08% in a receiver operating characteristic curve. The subsequent LRP visualization revealed that the CNN model focuses indeed on individual lesions, but also incorporates additional information such as lesion location, non-lesional white matter or gray matter areas such as the thalamus, which are established conventional and advanced MRI markers in MS. We conclude that LRP and the proposed framework have the capability to make diagnostic decisions of... 
### 14.Cursive Multilingual Characters Recognition Based on Hard Geometric Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08760.pdf)
>  The cursive nature of multilingual characters segmentation and recognition of Arabic, Persian, Urdu languages have attracted researchers from academia and industry. However, despite several decades of research, still multilingual characters classification accuracy is not up to the mark. This paper presents an automated approach for multilingual characters segmentation and recognition. The proposed methodology explores character based on their geometric features. However, due to uncertainty and without dictionary support few characters are over-divided. To expand the productivity of the proposed methodology a BPN is prepared with countless division focuses for cursive multilingual characters. Prepared BPN separates off base portioned indicates effectively with rapid upgrade character acknowledgment precision. For reasonable examination, only benchmark dataset is utilized. 
### 15.4D Spatio-Temporal ConvNets: Minkowski Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08755.pdf)
>  In many robotics and VR/AR applications, 3D-videos are readily-available sources of input (a continuous sequence of depth images, or LIDAR scans). However, those 3D-videos are processed frame-by-frame either through 2D convnets or 3D perception algorithms. In this work, we propose 4-dimensional convolutional neural networks for spatio-temporal perception that can directly process such 3D-videos using high-dimensional convolutions. For this, we adopt sparse tensors and propose the generalized sparse convolution that encompasses all discrete convolutions. To implement the generalized sparse convolution, we create an open-source auto-differentiation library for sparse tensors that provides extensive functions for high-dimensional convolutional neural networks. We create 4D spatio-temporal convolutional neural networks using the library and validate them on various 3D semantic segmentation benchmarks and proposed 4D datasets for 3D-video perception. To overcome challenges in the 4D space, we propose the hybrid kernel, a special case of the generalized sparse convolution, and the trilateral-stationary conditional random field that enforces spatio-temporal consistency in the 7D space-time-chroma space. Experimentally, we show that convolutional neural networks with only generalized 3D sparse convolutions can outperform 2D or 2D-3D hybrid methods by a large margin. Also, we show that on 3D-videos, 4D spatio-temporal convolutional neural networks are robust to noise, outperform 3D convolutional neural networks and are faster than the 3D counterpart in some cases. 
### 16.Targetless Rotational Auto-Calibration of Radar and Camera for Intelligent Transportation Systems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08743.pdf)
>  Most intelligent transportation systems use a combination of radar sensors and cameras for robust vehicle perception. The calibration of these heterogeneous sensor types in an automatic fashion during system operation is challenging due to differing physical measurement principles and the high sparsity of traffic radars. We propose - to the best of our knowledge - the first data-driven method for automatic rotational radar-camera calibration without dedicated calibration targets. Our approach is based on a coarse and a fine convolutional neural network. We employ a boosting-inspired training algorithm, where we train the fine network on the residual error of the coarse network. Due to the unavailability of public datasets combining radar and camera measurements, we recorded our own real-world data. We demonstrate that our method is able to reach precise and robust sensor registration and show its generalization capabilities to different sensor alignments and perspectives. 
### 17.Cascaded Partial Decoder for Fast and Accurate Salient Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08739.pdf)
>  Existing state-of-the-art salient object detection networks rely on aggregating multi-level features of pre-trained convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Compared to high-level features, low-level features contribute less to performance but cost more computations because of their larger spatial resolutions. In this paper, we propose a novel Cascaded Partial Decoder (CPD) framework for fast and accurate salient object detection. On the one hand, the framework constructs partial decoder which discards larger resolution features of shallower layers for acceleration. On the other hand, we observe that integrating features of deeper layers obtain relatively precise saliency map. Therefore we directly utilize generated saliency map to refine the features of backbone network. This strategy efficiently suppresses distractors in the features and significantly improves their representation ability. Experiments conducted on five benchmark datasets exhibit that the proposed model not only achieves state-of-the-art performance but also runs much faster than existing models. Besides, the proposed framework is further applied to improve existing multi-level feature aggregation models and significantly improve their efficiency and accuracy. 
### 18.A Theoretically Sound Upper Bound on the Triplet Loss for Improving the Efficiency of Deep Distance Metric Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08720.pdf)
>  We propose a method that substantially improves the efficiency of deep distance metric learning based on the optimization of the triplet loss function. One epoch of such training process based on a naive optimization of the triplet loss function has a run-time complexity O(N^3), where N is the number of training samples. Such optimization scales poorly, and the most common approach proposed to address this high complexity issue is based on sub-sampling the set of triplets needed for the training process. Another approach explored in the field relies on an ad-hoc linearization (in terms of N) of the triplet loss that introduces class centroids, which must be optimized using the whole training set for each mini-batch - this means that a naive implementation of this approach has run-time complexity O(N^2). This complexity issue is usually mitigated with poor, but computationally cheap, approximate centroid optimization methods. In this paper, we first propose a solid theory on the linearization of the triplet loss with the use of class centroids, where the main conclusion is that our new linear loss represents a tight upper-bound to the triplet loss. Furthermore, based on the theory above, we propose a training algorithm that no longer requires the centroid optimization step, which means that our approach is the first in the field with a guaranteed linear run-time complexity. We show that the training of deep distance metric learning methods using the proposed upper-bound is substantially faster than triplet-based methods, while producing competitive retrieval accuracy results on benchmark datasets (CUB-200-2011 and CAR196). 
### 19.Out-of-Distribution Detection for Generalized Zero-Shot Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08703.pdf)
>  Generalized zero-shot action recognition is a challenging problem, where the task is to recognize new action categories that are unavailable during the training stage, in addition to the seen action categories. Existing approaches suffer from the inherent bias of the learned classifier towards the seen action categories. As a consequence, unseen category samples are incorrectly classified as belonging to one of the seen action categories. In this paper, we set out to tackle this issue by arguing for a separate treatment of seen and unseen action categories in generalized zero-shot action recognition. We introduce an out-of-distribution detector that determines whether the video features belong to a seen or unseen action category. To train our out-of-distribution detector, video features for unseen action categories are synthesized using generative adversarial networks trained on seen action category features. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to propose an out-of-distribution detector based GZSL framework for action recognition in videos. Experiments are performed on three action recognition datasets: Olympic Sports, HMDB51 and UCF101. For generalized zero-shot action recognition, our proposed approach outperforms the baseline (f-CLSWGAN) with absolute gains (in classification accuracy) of 7.0%, 3.4%, and 4.9%, respectively, on these datasets. 
### 20.Examining the Capability of GANs to Replace Real Biomedical Images in Classification Models Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08688.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore the possibility of generating artificial biomedical images that can be used as a substitute for real image datasets in applied machine learning tasks. We are focusing on generation of realistic chest X-ray images as well as on the lymph node histology images using the two recent GAN architectures including DCGAN and PGGAN. The possibility of the use of artificial images instead of real ones for training machine learning models was examined by benchmark classification tasks being solved using conventional and deep learning methods. In particular, a comparison was made by replacing real images with synthetic ones at the model training stage and comparing the prediction results with the ones obtained while training on the real image data. It was found that the drop of classification accuracy caused by such training data substitution ranged between 2.2% and 3.5% for deep learning models and between 5.5% and 13.25% for conventional methods such as LBP + Random Forests. 
### 21.Global Hashing System for Fast Image Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08685.pdf)
>  Hashing methods have been widely investigated for fast approximate nearest neighbor searching in large data sets. Most existing methods use binary vectors in lower dimensional spaces to represent data points that are usually real vectors of higher dimensionality. We divide the hashing process into two steps. Data points are first embedded in a low-dimensional space, and the global positioning system method is subsequently introduced but modified for binary embedding. We devise dataindependent and data-dependent methods to distribute the satellites at appropriate locations. Our methods are based on finding the tradeoff between the information losses in these two steps. Experiments show that our data-dependent method outperforms other methods in different-sized data sets from 100k to 10M. By incorporating the orthogonality of the code matrix, both our data-independent and data-dependent methods are particularly impressive in experiments on longer bits. 
### 22.Coupled Learning for Facial Deblur  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08671.pdf)
>  Blur in facial images significantly impedes the efficiency of recognition approaches. However, most existing blind deconvolution methods cannot generate satisfactory results due to their dependence on strong edges, which are sufficient in natural images but not in facial images. In this paper, we represent point spread functions (PSFs) by the linear combination of a set of pre-defined orthogonal PSFs, and similarly, an estimated intrinsic (EI) sharp face image is represented by the linear combination of a set of pre-defined orthogonal face images. In doing so, PSF and EI estimation is simplified to discovering two sets of linear combination coefficients, which are simultaneously found by our proposed coupled learning algorithm. To make our method robust to different types of blurry face images, we generate several candidate PSFs and EIs for a test image, and then, a non-blind deconvolution method is adopted to generate more EIs by those candidate PSFs. Finally, we deploy a blind image quality assessment metric to automatically select the optimal EI. Thorough experiments on the facial recognition technology database, extended Yale face database B, CMU pose, illumination, and expression (PIE) database, and face recognition grand challenge database version 2.0 demonstrate that the proposed approach effectively restores intrinsic sharp face images and, consequently, improves the performance of face recognition. 
### 23.An Efficient Approximate kNN Graph Method for Diffusion on Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08668.pdf)
>  The application of the diffusion in many computer vision and artificial intelligence projects has been shown to give excellent improvements in performance. One of the main bottlenecks of this technique is the quadratic growth of the kNN graph size due to the high-quantity of new connections between nodes in the graph, resulting in long computation times. Several strategies have been proposed to address this, but none are effective and efficient. Our novel technique, based on LSH projections, obtains the same performance as the exact kNN graph after diffusion, but in less time (approximately 18 times faster on a dataset of a hundred thousand images). The proposed method was validated and compared with other state-of-the-art on several public image datasets, including Oxford5k, Paris6k, and Oxford105k. 
### 24.Fully Automatic Segmentation of 3D Brain Ultrasound: Learning from Coarse Annotations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08655.pdf)
>  Intra-operative ultrasound is an increasingly important imaging modality in neurosurgery. However, manual interaction with imaging data during the procedures, for example to select landmarks or perform segmentation, is difficult and can be time consuming. Yet, as registration to other imaging modalities is required in most cases, some annotation is necessary. We propose a segmentation method based on DeepVNet and specifically evaluate the integration of pre-training with simulated ultrasound sweeps to improve automatic segmentation and enable a fully automatic initialization of registration. In this view, we show that despite training on coarse and incomplete semi-automatic annotations, our approach is able to capture the desired superficial structures such as \textit{sulci}, the \textit{cerebellar tentorium}, and the \textit{falx cerebri}. We perform a five-fold cross-validation on the publicly available RESECT dataset. Trained on the dataset alone, we report a Dice and Jaccard coefficient of $0.45 \pm 0.09$ and $0.30 \pm 0.07$ respectively, as well as an average distance of $0.78 \pm 0.36~mm$. With the suggested pre-training, we computed a Dice and Jaccard coefficient of $0.47 \pm 0.10$ and $0.31 \pm 0.08$, and an average distance of $0.71 \pm 0.38~mm$. The qualitative evaluation suggest that with pre-training the network can learn to generalize better and provide refined and more complete segmentations in comparison to incomplete annotations provided as input. 
### 25.Fooling automated surveillance cameras: adversarial patches to attack person detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08653.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks on machine learning models have seen increasing interest in the past years. By making only subtle changes to the input of a convolutional neural network, the output of the network can be swayed to output a completely different result. The first attacks did this by changing pixel values of an input image slightly to fool a classifier to output the wrong class. Other approaches have tried to learn "patches" that can be applied to an object to fool detectors and classifiers. Some of these approaches have also shown that these attacks are feasible in the real-world, i.e. by modifying an object and filming it with a video camera. However, all of these approaches target classes that contain almost no intra-class variety (e.g. stop signs). The known structure of the object is then used to generate an adversarial patch on top of it. <br>In this paper, we present an approach to generate adversarial patches to targets with lots of intra-class variety, namely persons. The goal is to generate a patch that is able successfully hide a person from a person detector. An attack that could for instance be used maliciously to circumvent surveillance systems, intruders can sneak around undetected by holding a small cardboard plate in front of their body aimed towards the surveillance camera. <br>From our results we can see that our system is able significantly lower the accuracy of a person detector. Our approach also functions well in real-life scenarios where the patch is filmed by a camera. To the best of our knowledge we are the first to attempt this kind of attack on targets with a high level of intra-class variety like persons. 
### 26.Tex2Shape: Detailed Full Human Body Geometry from a Single Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08645.pdf)
>  We present a simple yet effective method to infer detailed full human body shape from only a single photograph. Our model can infer full-body shape including face, hair, and clothing including wrinkles at interactive frame-rates. Results feature details even on parts that are occluded in the input image. Our main idea is to turn shape regression into an aligned image-to-image translation problem. The input to our method is a partial texture map of the visible region obtained from off-the-shelf methods. From a partial texture, we estimate detailed normal and vector displacement maps, which can be applied to a low-resolution smooth body model to add detail and clothing. Despite being trained purely with synthetic data, our model generalizes well to real-world photographs. Numerous results demonstrate the versatility and robustness of our method. 
### 27.Real-Time Style Transfer With Strength Control  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08643.pdf)
>  Style transfer is a problem of rendering a content image in the style of another style image. A natural and common practical task in applications of style transfer is to adjust the strength of stylization. Algorithm of Gatys et al. (2016) provides this ability by changing the weighting factors of content and style losses but is computationally inefficient. Real-time style transfer introduced by Johnson et al. (2016) enables fast stylization of any image by passing it through a pre-trained transformer network. Although fast, this architecture is not able to continuously adjust style strength. We propose an extension to real-time style transfer that allows direct control of style strength at inference, still requiring only a single transformer network. We conduct qualitative and quantitative experiments that demonstrate that the proposed method is capable of smooth stylization strength control and removes certain stylization artifacts appearing in the original real-time style transfer method. Comparisons with alternative real-time style transfer algorithms, capable of adjusting stylization strength, show that our method reproduces style with more details. 
### 28.DDLSTM: Dual-Domain LSTM for Cross-Dataset Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08634.pdf)
>  Domain alignment in convolutional networks aims to learn the degree of layer-specific feature alignment beneficial to the joint learning of source and target datasets. While increasingly popular in convolutional networks, there have been no previous attempts to achieve domain alignment in recurrent networks. Similar to spatial features, both source and target domains are likely to exhibit temporal dependencies that can be jointly learnt and aligned. <br>In this paper we introduce Dual-Domain LSTM (DDLSTM), an architecture that is able to learn temporal dependencies from two domains concurrently. It performs cross-contaminated batch normalisation on both input-to-hidden and hidden-to-hidden weights, and learns the parameters for cross-contamination, for both single-layer and multi-layer LSTM architectures. We evaluate DDLSTM on frame-level action recognition using three datasets, taking a pair at a time, and report an average increase in accuracy of 3.5%. The proposed DDLSTM architecture outperforms standard, fine-tuned, and batch-normalised LSTMs. 
### 29.Learning a No-Reference Quality Assessment Model of Enhanced Images With Big Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08632.pdf)
>  In this paper we investigate into the problem of image quality assessment (IQA) and enhancement via machine learning. This issue has long attracted a wide range of attention in computational intelligence and image processing communities, since, for many practical applications, e.g. object detection and recognition, raw images are usually needed to be appropriately enhanced to raise the visual quality (e.g. visibility and contrast). In fact, proper enhancement can noticeably improve the quality of input images, even better than originally captured images which are generally thought to be of the best quality. In this work, we present two most important contributions. The first contribution is to develop a new no-reference (NR) IQA model. Given an image, our quality measure first extracts 17 features through analysis of contrast, sharpness, brightness and more, and then yields a measre of visual quality using a regression module, which is learned with big-data training samples that are much bigger than the size of relevant image datasets. Results of experiments on nine datasets validate the superiority and efficiency of our blind metric compared with typical state-of-the-art full-, reduced- and no-reference IQA methods. The second contribution is that a robust image enhancement framework is established based on quality optimization. For an input image, by the guidance of the proposed NR-IQA measure, we conduct histogram modification to successively rectify image brightness and contrast to a proper level. Thorough tests demonstrate that our framework can well enhance natural images, low-contrast images, low-light images and dehazed images. The source code will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/site/guke198701/publications" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 30.Unsupervised Open Domain Recognition by Semantic Discrepancy Minimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08631.pdf)
>  We address the unsupervised open domain recognition (UODR) problem, where categories in labeled source domain S is only a subset of those in unlabeled target domain T. The task is to correctly classify all samples in T including known and unknown categories. UODR is challenging due to the domain discrepancy, which becomes even harder to bridge when a large number of unknown categories exist in T. Moreover, the classification rules propagated by graph CNN (GCN) may be distracted by unknown categories and lack generalization capability. To measure the domain discrepancy for asymmetric label space between S and T, we propose Semantic-Guided Matching Discrepancy (SGMD), which first employs instance matching between S and T, and then the discrepancy is measured by a weighted feature distance between matched instances. We further design a limited balance constraint to achieve a more balanced classification output on known and unknown categories. We develop Unsupervised Open Domain Transfer Network (UODTN), which learns both the backbone classification network and GCN jointly by reducing the SGMD, enforcing the limited balance constraint and minimizing the classification loss on S. UODTN better preserves the semantic structure and enforces the consistency between the learned domain invariant visual features and the semantic embeddings. Experimental results show superiority of our method on recognizing images of both known and unknown categories. 
### 31.Discriminative Online Learning for Fast Video Object Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08630.pdf)
>  We address the highly challenging problem of video object segmentation. Given only the initial mask, the task is to segment the target in the subsequent frames. In order to effectively handle appearance changes and similar background objects, a robust representation of the target is required. Previous approaches either rely on fine-tuning a segmentation network on the first frame, or employ generative appearance models. Although partially successful, these methods often suffer from impractically low frame rates or unsatisfactory robustness. <br>We propose a novel approach, based on a dedicated target appearance model that is exclusively learned online to discriminate between the target and background image regions. Importantly, we design a specialized loss and customized optimization techniques to enable highly efficient online training. Our light-weight target model is integrated into a carefully designed segmentation network, trained offline to enhance the predictions generated by the target model. Extensive experiments are performed on three datasets. Our approach achieves an overall score of over 70 on YouTube-VOS, while operating at 25 frames per second. 
### 32.Client/Server Based Online Environment for Manual Segmentation of Medical Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08610.pdf)
>  Segmentation is a key step in analyzing and processing medical images. Due to the low fault tolerance in medical imaging, manual segmentation remains the de facto standard in this domain. Besides, efforts to automate the segmentation process often rely on large amounts of manually labeled data. While existing software supporting manual segmentation is rich in features and delivers accurate results, the necessary time to set it up and get comfortable using it can pose a hurdle for the collection of large datasets. This work introduces a client/server based online environment, referred to as Studierfenster (<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://studierfenster.at" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>), that can be used to perform manual segmentations directly in a web browser. The aim of providing this functionality in the form of a web application is to ease the collection of ground truth segmentation datasets. Providing a tool that is quickly accessible and usable on a broad range of devices, offers the potential to accelerate this process. The manual segmentation workflow of Studierfenster consists of dragging and dropping the input file into the browser window and slice-by-slice outlining the object under consideration. The final segmentation can then be exported as a file storing its contours and as a binary segmentation mask. In order to evaluate the usability of Studierfenster, a user study was performed. The user study resulted in a mean of 6.3 out of 7.0 possible points given by users, when asked about their overall impression of the tool. The evaluation also provides insights into the results achievable with the tool in practice, by presenting two ground truth segmentations performed by physicians. 
### 33.Learning to Collocate Neural Modules for Image Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08608.pdf)
>  We do not speak word by word from scratch; our brain quickly structures a pattern like \textsc{sth do sth at someplace} and then fill in the detailed descriptions. To render existing encoder-decoder image captioners such human-like reasoning, we propose a novel framework: learning to Collocate Neural Modules (CNM), to generate the `inner pattern' connecting visual encoder and language decoder. Unlike the widely-used neural module networks in visual Q\&amp;A, where the language (ie, question) is fully observable, CNM for captioning is more challenging as the language is being generated and thus is partially observable. To this end, we make the following technical contributions for CNM training: 1) compact module design --- one for function words and three for visual content words (eg, noun, adjective, and verb), 2) soft module fusion and multi-step module execution, robustifying the visual reasoning in partial observation, 3) a linguistic loss for module controller being faithful to part-of-speech collocations (eg, adjective is before noun). Extensive experiments on the challenging MS-COCO image captioning benchmark validate the effectiveness of our CNM image captioner. In particular, CNM achieves a new state-of-the-art 127.9 CIDEr-D on Karpathy split and a single-model 126.0 c40 on the official server. CNM is also robust to few training samples, eg, by training only one sentence per image, CNM can halve the performance loss compared to a strong baseline. 
### 34.Progressive Attention Memory Network for Movie Story Question Answering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08607.pdf)
>  This paper proposes the progressive attention memory network (PAMN) for movie story question answering (QA). Movie story QA is challenging compared to VQA in two aspects: (1) pinpointing the temporal parts relevant to answer the question is difficult as the movies are typically longer than an hour, (2) it has both video and subtitle where different questions require different modality to infer the answer. To overcome these challenges, PAMN involves three main features: (1) progressive attention mechanism that utilizes cues from both question and answer to progressively prune out irrelevant temporal parts in memory, (2) dynamic modality fusion that adaptively determines the contribution of each modality for answering the current question, and (3) belief correction answering scheme that successively corrects the prediction score on each candidate answer. Experiments on publicly available benchmark datasets, MovieQA and TVQA, demonstrate that each feature contributes to our movie story QA architecture, PAMN, and improves performance to achieve the state-of-the-art result. Qualitative analysis by visualizing the inference mechanism of PAMN is also provided. 
### 35.Deep Optics for Monocular Depth Estimation and 3D Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08601.pdf)
>  Depth estimation and 3D object detection are critical for scene understanding but remain challenging to perform with a single image due to the loss of 3D information during image capture. Recent models using deep neural networks have improved monocular depth estimation performance, but there is still difficulty in predicting absolute depth and generalizing outside a standard dataset. Here we introduce the paradigm of deep optics, i.e. end-to-end design of optics and image processing, to the monocular depth estimation problem, using coded defocus blur as an additional depth cue to be decoded by a neural network. We evaluate several optical coding strategies along with an end-to-end optimization scheme for depth estimation on three datasets, including NYU Depth v2 and KITTI. We find an optimized freeform lens design yields the best results, but chromatic aberration from a singlet lens offers significantly improved performance as well. We build a physical prototype and validate that chromatic aberrations improve depth estimation on real-world results. In addition, we train object detection networks on the KITTI dataset and show that the lens optimized for depth estimation also results in improved 3D object detection performance. 
### 36.Road Crack Detection Using Deep Convolutional Neural Network and Adaptive Thresholding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08582.pdf)
>  Crack is one of the most common road distresses which may pose road safety hazards. Generally, crack detection is performed by either certified inspectors or structural engineers. This task is, however, time-consuming, subjective and labor-intensive. In this paper, we propose a novel road crack detection algorithm based on deep learning and adaptive image segmentation. Firstly, a deep convolutional neural network is trained to determine whether an image contains cracks or not. The images containing cracks are then smoothed using bilateral filtering, which greatly minimizes the number of noisy pixels. Finally, we utilize an adaptive thresholding method to extract the cracks from road surface. The experimental results illustrate that our network can classify images with an accuracy of 99.92%, and the cracks can be successfully extracted from the images using our proposed thresholding algorithm. 
### 37.Fast Single Image Dehazing via Multilevel Wavelet Transform based Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08573.pdf)
>  The quality of images captured in outdoor environments can be affected by poor weather conditions such as fog, dust, and atmospheric scattering of other particles. This problem can bring extra challenges to high-level computer vision tasks like image segmentation and object detection. However, previous studies on image dehazing suffer from a huge computational workload and corruption of the original image, such as over-saturation and halos. In this paper, we present a novel image dehazing approach based on the optical model for haze images and regularized optimization. Specifically, we convert the non-convex, bilinear problem concerning the unknown haze-free image and light transmission distribution to a convex, linear optimization problem by estimating the atmosphere light constant. Our method is further accelerated by introducing a multilevel Haar wavelet transform. The optimization, instead, is applied to the low frequency sub-band decomposition of the original image. This dimension reduction significantly improves the processing speed of our method and exhibits the potential for real-time applications. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art dehazing algorithms in terms of both image reconstruction quality and computational efficiency. For implementation details, source code can be publicly accessed via <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/JiaxiHe/Image-and-Video-Dehazing" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 38.Generative Model for Zero-Shot Sketch-Based Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08542.pdf)
>  We present a probabilistic model for Sketch-Based Image Retrieval (SBIR) where, at retrieval time, we are given sketches from novel classes, that were not present at training time. Existing SBIR methods, most of which rely on learning class-wise correspondences between sketches and images, typically work well only for previously seen sketch classes, and result in poor retrieval performance on novel classes. To address this, we propose a generative model that learns to generate images, conditioned on a given novel class sketch. This enables us to reduce the SBIR problem to a standard image-to-image search problem. Our model is based on an inverse auto-regressive flow based variational autoencoder, with a feedback mechanism to ensure robust image generation. We evaluate our model on two very challenging datasets, Sketchy, and TU Berlin, with novel train-test split. The proposed approach significantly outperforms various baselines on both the datasets. 
### 39.Material Segmentation of Multi-View Satellite Imagery  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08537.pdf)
>  Material recognition methods use image context and local cues for pixel-wise classification. In many cases only a single image is available to make a material prediction. Image sequences, routinely acquired in applications such as mutliview stereo, can provide a sampling of the underlying reflectance functions that reveal pixel-level material attributes. We investigate multi-view material segmentation using two datasets generated for building material segmentation and scene material segmentation from the SpaceNet Challenge satellite image dataset. In this paper, we explore the impact of multi-angle reflectance information by introducing the \textit{reflectance residual encoding}, which captures both the multi-angle and multispectral information present in our datasets. The residuals are computed by differencing the sparse-sampled reflectance function with a dictionary of pre-defined dense-sampled reflectance functions. Our proposed reflectance residual features improves material segmentation performance when integrated into pixel-wise and semantic segmentation architectures. At test time, predictions from individual segmentations are combined through softmax fusion and refined by building segment voting. We demonstrate robust and accurate pixelwise segmentation results using the proposed material segmentation pipeline. 
### 40.Do Lateral Views Help Automated Chest X-ray Predictions?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08534.pdf)
>  Most convolutional neural networks in chest radiology use only the frontal posteroanterior (PA) view to make a prediction. However the lateral view is known to help the diagnosis of certain diseases and conditions. The recently released PadChest dataset contains paired PA and lateral views, allowing us to study for which diseases and conditions the performance of a neural network improves when provided a lateral x-ray view as opposed to a frontal posteroanterior (PA) view. Using a simple DenseNet model, we find that using the lateral view increases the AUC of 8 of the 56 labels in our data and achieves the same performance as the PA view for 21 of the labels. We find that using the PA and lateral views jointly doesn't trivially lead to an increase in performance but suggest further investigation. 
### 41.Graph based Dynamic Segmentation of Generic Objects in 3D  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08518.pdf)
>  We propose a novel 3D segmentation method for RBGD stream data to deal with 3D object segmentation task in a generic scenario with frequent object interactions. It mainly contributes in two aspects, while being generic and not requiring initialization: firstly, a novel tree structure representation for the point cloud of the scene is proposed. Then, a dynamic manangement mechanism for connected component splits and merges exploits the tree structure representation. 
### 42.Adaptive Hierarchical Down-Sampling for Point Cloud Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08506.pdf)
>  While several convolution-like operators have recently been proposed for extracting features out of point clouds, down-sampling an unordered point cloud in a deep neural network has not been rigorously studied. Existing methods down-sample the points regardless of their importance for the output. As a result, some important points in the point cloud may be removed, while less valuable points may be passed to the next layers. In contrast, adaptive down-sampling methods sample the points by taking into account the importance of each point, which varies based on the application, task and training data. In this paper, we propose a permutation-invariant learning-based adaptive down-sampling layer, called Critical Points Layer (CPL), which reduces the number of points in an unordered point cloud while retaining the important points. Unlike most graph-based point cloud down-sampling methods that use $k$-NN search algorithm to find the neighbouring points, CPL is a global down-sampling method, rendering it computationally very efficient. The proposed layer can be used along with any graph-based point cloud convolution layer to form a convolutional neural network, dubbed CP-Net in this paper. We introduce a CP-Net for $3$D object classification that achieves the best accuracy for the ModelNet$40$ dataset among point cloud-based methods, which validates the effectiveness of the CPL. 
### 43.Dynamic Gesture Recognition by Using CNNs and Star RGB: a Temporal Information Condensation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08505.pdf)
>  With the advance of technologies, machines are increasingly present in people's daily lives. Thus, there has been more and more effort for developing interfaces, such as dynamic gestures, that provide an intuitive way of interaction. Currently, the most common trend is to use multimodal data, as depth and skeleton information, to try to recognize dynamic gestures. However, the use of only color information would be more interesting, once RGB cameras are usually found in almost every public place, and could be used for gesture recognition without the need to install other equipment. The main problem with this approach is the difficulty of representing spatio-temporal information using just color. With this in mind, we propose a technique that we called Star RGB, capable of describing a videoclip containing a dynamic gesture as an RGB image. This image is then passed to a classifier formed by two Resnet CNN's, a soft-attention ensemble, and a multilayer perceptron, which returns the predicted class label that indicates to which type of gesture the input video belongs. Experiments were carried out using the Montalbano and GRIT datasets. On the Montalbano dataset, the proposed approach achieved an accuracy of 94.58%, this result reaches the state-of-the-art using this dataset, considering only color information. On the GRIT dataset, our proposal achieves more than 98% of accuracy, recall, precision, and F1-score, outperforming the reference approach in more than 6%. 
### 44.Exploring Uncertainty Measures for Image-Caption Embedding-and-Retrieval Task  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08504.pdf)
>  With the wide development of black-box machine learning algorithms, particularly deep neural network (DNN), the practical demand for the reliability assessment is rapidly rising. On the basis of the concept that `Bayesian deep learning knows what it does not know,' the uncertainty of DNN outputs has been investigated as a reliability measure for the classification and regression tasks. However, in the image-caption retrieval task, well-known samples are not always easy-to-retrieve samples. This study investigates two aspects of image-caption embedding-and-retrieval systems. On one hand, we quantify feature uncertainty by considering image-caption embedding as a regression task, and use it for model averaging, which can improve the retrieval performance. On the other hand, we further quantify posterior uncertainty by considering the retrieval as a classification task, and use it as a reliability measure, which can greatly improve the retrieval performance by rejecting uncertain queries. The consistent performance of two uncertainty measures is observed with different datasets (MS COCO and Flickr30k), different deep learning architectures (dropout and batch normalization), and different similarity functions. 
### 45.QANet - Quality Assurance Network for Microscopy Cell Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08503.pdf)
>  Tools and methods for automatic image segmentation are rapidly developing, each with its own strengths and weaknesses. While these methods are designed to be as general as possible, there are no guarantees for their performance on new data. The choice between methods is usually based on benchmark performance whereas the data in the benchmark can be significantly different than that of the user. <br>We introduce a novel Deep Learning method which, given an image and a proposed corresponding segmentation, estimates the Intersection over Union measure (IoU) with respect to the unknown ground truth. We refer to this method as a Quality Assurance Network - QANet. The QANet is designed to give the user an estimate of the segmentation quality on the users own, private, data without the need for human inspection or labelling. It is based on the RibCage Network architecture, originally proposed %on \cite{arbelle2017SAN} as a discriminator in an adversarial network framework. Promising IoU prediction results are demonstrated based on the Cell Segmentation Benchmark. % \cite{Ulman17} The code is freely available at: TBD 
### 46.Few-Shot Learning with Localization in Realistic Settings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08502.pdf)
>  Traditional recognition methods typically require large, artificially-balanced training classes, while few-shot learning methods are tested on artificially small ones. In contrast to both extremes, real world recognition problems exhibit heavy-tailed class distributions, with cluttered scenes and a mix of coarse and fine-grained class distinctions. We show that prior methods designed for few-shot learning do not work out of the box in these challenging conditions, based on a new "meta-iNat" benchmark. We introduce three parameter-free improvements: (a) better training procedures based on adapting cross-validation to meta-learning, (b) novel architectures that localize objects using limited bounding box annotations before classification, and (c) simple parameter-free expansions of the feature space based on bilinear pooling. Together, these improvements double the accuracy of state-of-the-art models on meta-iNat while generalizing to prior benchmarks, complex neural architectures, and settings with substantial domain shift. 
### 47.New method for shape recognition based on dynamic programming  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08501.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a new method for shape recognition based on dynamic programming. First, each contour of shape is represented by a set of points. After alignment and matching between two shapes, the outline of the shape is divided into parts according to N angular and M radial sectors , Each Sector contains a portion of the contour; this portion is divided at the inflexion points into convex and concave sections, and the information about sections are extracted in order to provide a semantic content to the outline shape, then this information are coded and transformed into a string of symbols. Finally we find the best alignment of two complete strings and compute the optimal cost of similarity. The algorithm has been tested on a large set of shape databases and real images (MPEG-7, natural silhouette database). 
### 48.Machine Vision for Natural Gas Methane Emissions Detection Using an Infrared Camera  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08500.pdf)
>  It is crucial to reduce natural gas methane emissions, which can potentially offset the climate benefits of replacing coal with gas. Optical gas imaging (OGI) is a widely-used method to detect methane leaks, but is labor-intensive and cannot provide leak detection results without operators' judgment. In this paper, we develop a computer vision approach to OGI-based leak detection using convolutional neural networks (CNN) trained on methane leak images to enable automatic detection. First, we collect ~1 M frames of labeled video of methane leaks from different leaking equipment for building CNN model, covering a wide range of leak sizes (5.3-2051.6 gCH4/h) and imaging distances (4.6-15.6 m). Second, we examine different background subtraction methods to extract the methane plume in the foreground. Third, we then test three CNN model variants, collectively called GasNet, to detect plumes in videos taken at other pieces of leaking equipment. We assess the ability of GasNet to perform leak detection by comparing it to a baseline method that uses optical-flow based change detection algorithm. We explore the sensitivity of results to the CNN structure, with a moderate-complexity variant performing best across distances. We find that the detection accuracy can reach as high as 99%, the overall detection accuracy can exceed 95% for a case across all leak sizes and imaging distances. Binary detection accuracy exceeds 97% for large leaks (~710 gCH4/h) imaged closely (~5-7 m). At closer imaging distances (~5-10 m), CNN-based models have greater than 94% accuracy across all leak sizes. At farthest distances (~13-16 m), performance degrades rapidly, but it can achieve above 95% accuracy to detect large leaks (&gt;950 gCH4/h). The GasNet-based computer vision approach could be deployed in OGI surveys to allow automatic vigilance of methane leak detection with high detection accuracy in the real world. 
### 49.Co-regularized Multi-view Sparse Reconstruction Embedding for Dimension Reduction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08499.pdf)
>  With the development of information technology, we have witnessed an age of data explosion which produces a large variety of data filled with redundant information. Because dimension reduction is an essential tool which embeds high-dimensional data into a lower-dimensional subspace to avoid redundant information, it has attracted interests from researchers all over the world. However, facing with features from multiple views, it's difficult for most dimension reduction methods to fully comprehended multi-view features and integrate compatible and complementary information from these features to construct low-dimensional subspace directly. Furthermore, most multi-view dimension reduction methods cannot handle features from nonlinear spaces with high dimensions. Therefore, how to construct a multi-view dimension reduction methods which can deal with multi-view features from high-dimensional nonlinear space is of vital importance but challenging. In order to address this problem, we proposed a novel method named Co-regularized Multi-view Sparse Reconstruction Embedding (CMSRE) in this paper. By exploiting correlations of sparse reconstruction from multiple views, CMSRE is able to learn local sparse structures of nonlinear manifolds from multiple views and constructs significative low-dimensional representations for them. Due to the proposed co-regularized scheme, correlations of sparse reconstructions from multiple views are preserved by CMSRE as much as possible. Furthermore, sparse representation produces more meaningful correlations between features from each single view, which helps CMSRE to gain better performances. Various evaluations based on the applications of document classification, face recognition and image retrieval can demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach on multi-view dimension reduction. 
### 50.An In-Depth Study on Open-Set Camera Model Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08497.pdf)
>  Camera model identification refers to the problem of linking a picture to the camera model used to shoot it. As this might be an enabling factor in different forensic applications to single out possible suspects (e.g., detecting the author of child abuse or terrorist propaganda material), many accurate camera model attribution methods have been developed in the literature. One of their main drawbacks, however, is the typical closed-set assumption of the problem. This means that an investigated photograph is always assigned to one camera model within a set of known ones present during investigation, i.e., training time, and the fact that the picture can come from a completely unrelated camera model during actual testing is usually ignored. Under realistic conditions, it is not possible to assume that every picture under analysis belongs to one of the available camera models. To deal with this issue, in this paper, we present the first in-depth study on the possibility of solving the camera model identification problem in open-set scenarios. Given a photograph, we aim at detecting whether it comes from one of the known camera models of interest or from an unknown device. We compare different feature extraction algorithms and classifiers specially targeting open-set recognition. We also evaluate possible open-set training protocols that can be applied along with any open-set classifier. More specifically, we evaluate one training protocol targeted for open-set classifiers with deep features. We observe that a simpler version of those training protocols works with similar results to the one that requires extra data, which can be useful in many applications in which deep features are employed. Thorough testing on independent datasets shows that it is possible to leverage a recently proposed convolutional neural network as feature extractor paired with a properly trained open-set classifier... 
### 51.Tensor Sparse PCA and Face Recognition: A Novel Approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08496.pdf)
>  Face recognition is the important field in machine learning and pattern recognition research area. It has a lot of applications in military, finance, public security, to name a few. In this paper, the combination of the tensor sparse PCA with the nearest-neighbor method (and with the kernel ridge regression method) will be proposed and applied to the face dataset. Experimental results show that the combination of the tensor sparse PCA with any classification system does not always reach the best accuracy performance measures. However, the accuracy of the combination of the sparse PCA method and one specific classification system is always better than the accuracy of the combination of the PCA method and one specific classification system and is always better than the accuracy of the classification system itself. 
### 52.Learning 2D to 3D Lifting for Object Detection in 3D for Autonomous Vehicles  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08494.pdf)
>  We address the problem of 3D object detection from 2D monocular images in autonomous driving scenarios. We propose to lift the 2D images to 3D representations using learned neural networks and leverage existing networks working directly on 3D to perform 3D object detection and localization. We show that, with carefully designed training mechanism and automatically selected minimally noisy data, such a method is not only feasible, but gives higher results than many methods working on actual 3D inputs acquired from physical sensors. On the challenging KITTI benchmark, we show that our 2D to 3D lifted method outperforms many recent competitive 3D networks while significantly outperforming previous state of the art for 3D detection from monocular images. We also show that a late fusion of the output of the network trained on generated 3D images, with that trained on real 3D images, improves performance. We find the results very interesting and argue that such a method could serve as a highly reliable backup in case of malfunction of expensive 3D sensors, if not potentially making them redundant, at least in the case of low human injury risk autonomous navigation scenarios like warehouse automation. 
### 53.Performance Evalution of 3D Keypoint Detectors and Descriptors for Plants Health Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08493.pdf)
>  Plant Phenomics based on imaging based techniques can be used to monitor the health and the diseases of plants and crops. The use of 3D data for plant phenomics is a recent phenomenon. However, since 3D point cloud contains more information than plant images, in this paper, we compare the performance of different keypoint detectors and local feature descriptors combinations for the plant growth stage and it's growth condition classification based on 3D point clouds of the plants. We have also implemented a modified form of 3D SIFT descriptor, that is invariant to rotation and is computationally less intense than most of the 3D SIFT descriptors reported in the existing literature. The performance is evaluated in terms of the classification accuracy and the results are presented in terms of accuracy tables. We find the ISS-SHOT and the SIFT-SIFT combinations consistently perform better and Fisher Vector (FV) is a better encoder than Vector of Linearly Aggregated (VLAD) for such applications. It can serve as a better modality. 
### 54.MultiNet++: Multi-Stream Feature Aggregation and Geometric Loss Strategy for Multi-Task Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08492.pdf)
>  Multi-task learning is commonly used in autonomous driving for solving various visual perception tasks. It offers significant benefits in terms of both performance and computational complexity. Current work on multi-task learning networks focus on processing a single input image and there is no known implementation of multi-task learning handling a sequence of images. In this work, we propose a multi-stream multi-task network to take advantage of using feature representations from preceding frames in a video sequence for joint learning of segmentation, depth, and motion. The weights of the current and previous encoder are shared so that features computed in the previous frame can be leveraged without additional computation. In addition, we propose to use the geometric mean of task losses as a better alternative to the weighted average of task losses. The proposed loss function facilitates better handling of the difference in convergence rates of different tasks. Experimental results on KITTI, Cityscapes and SYNTHIA datasets demonstrate that the proposed strategies outperform various existing multi-task learning solutions. 
### 55.Semantic Adversarial Attacks: Parametric Transformations That Fool Deep Classifiers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08489.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been shown to exhibit an intriguing vulnerability to adversarial input images corrupted with imperceptible perturbations. However, the majority of adversarial attacks assume global, fine-grained control over the image pixel space. In this paper, we consider a different setting: what happens if the adversary could only alter specific attributes of the input image? These would generate inputs that might be perceptibly different, but still natural-looking and enough to fool a classifier. We propose a novel approach to generate such `semantic' adversarial examples by optimizing a particular adversarial loss over the range-space of a parametric conditional generative model. We demonstrate implementations of our attacks on binary classifiers trained on face images, and show that such natural-looking semantic adversarial examples exist. We evaluate the effectiveness of our attack on synthetic and real data, and present detailed comparisons with existing attack methods. We supplement our empirical results with theoretical bounds that demonstrate the existence of such parametric adversarial examples. 
### 56.Machine Vision Guided 3D Medical Image Compression for Efficient Transmission and Accurate Segmentation in the Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08487.pdf)
>  Cloud based medical image analysis has become popular recently due to the high computation complexities of various deep neural network (DNN) based frameworks and the increasingly large volume of medical images that need to be processed. It has been demonstrated that for medical images the transmission from local to clouds is much more expensive than the computation in the clouds itself. Towards this, 3D image compression techniques have been widely applied to reduce the data traffic. However, most of the existing image compression techniques are developed around human vision, i.e., they are designed to minimize distortions that can be perceived by human eyes. In this paper we will use deep learning based medical image segmentation as a vehicle and demonstrate that interestingly, machine and human view the compression quality differently. Medical images compressed with good quality w.r.t. human vision may result in inferior segmentation accuracy. We then design a machine vision oriented 3D image compression framework tailored for segmentation using DNNs. Our method automatically extracts and retains image features that are most important to the segmentation. Comprehensive experiments on widely adopted segmentation frameworks with HVSMR 2016 challenge dataset show that our method can achieve significantly higher segmentation accuracy at the same compression rate, or much better compression rate under the same segmentation accuracy, when compared with the existing JPEG 2000 method. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first machine vision guided medical image compression framework for segmentation in the clouds. 
### 57.Meta-learning Convolutional Neural Architectures for Multi-target Concrete Defect Classification with the COncrete DEfect BRidge IMage Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08486.pdf)
>  Recognition of defects in concrete infrastructure, especially in bridges, is a costly and time consuming crucial first step in the assessment of the structural integrity. Large variation in appearance of the concrete material, changing illumination and weather conditions, a variety of possible surface markings as well as the possibility for different types of defects to overlap, make it a challenging real-world task. In this work we introduce the novel COncrete DEfect BRidge IMage dataset (CODEBRIM) for multi-target classification of five commonly appearing concrete defects. We investigate and compare two reinforcement learning based meta-learning approaches, MetaQNN and efficient neural architecture search, to find suitable convolutional neural network architectures for this challenging multi-class multi-target task. We show that learned architectures have fewer overall parameters in addition to yielding better multi-target accuracy in comparison to popular neural architectures from the literature evaluated in the context of our application. 
### 58.Bilinear Faster RCNN with ELA for Image Tampering Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08484.pdf)
>  With technological advances leading to an increase in mechanisms of image tampering, our fraud detection methods must continue to be upgraded to match their sophistication. One problem with current methods is that they require prior knowledge of the method of forgery in order to determine which features to extract from the image to localize the region of interest. When a machine learning algorithm is used to learn different types tampering from a large set of various image types, with a big enough database we can easily classify which images are tampered (by training on the entire image feature map for each image), but we still are left with the question of which features to train on, and how to localize the manipulation. To solve this, object detection networks such as Faster RCNN, which combine an RPN (Region Proposal Network) with a CNN have recently been adapted to fraud detection by utilizing their ability to propose bounding boxes for objects of interest to localize the tampering artifacts. In this work, an existing bilinear Faster RCNN model that was developed will be modified with the second stream having an input of the ELA (Error Level Analysis) JPEG compression level mask. 
### 59.Is deep learning a good choice for image segmentation?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08483.pdf)
>  Deep learning works as a discrete non-linear mapping function and has achieved great success as a powerful classification tool. However, it has been overhyped in many fields. This comment takes image segmentation as a typical filed to prove this point of view. Firstly, deep learning is not omnipotent. It only generates a prediction map and relies on other segmentation methods to complete the segmentation task. Secondly, the performance of deep learning is inversely proportional to the number of outputs. Consequently, deep learning is not a good choice for image segmentation unless the resolution of the image is extremely small. 
### 60.Variational Prototyping-Encoder: One-Shot Learning with Prototypical Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08482.pdf)
>  In daily life, graphic symbols, such as traffic signs and brand logos, are ubiquitously utilized around us due to its intuitive expression beyond language boundary. We tackle an open-set graphic symbol recognition problem by one-shot classification with prototypical images as a single training example for each novel class. We take an approach to learn a generalizable embedding space for novel tasks. We propose a new approach called variational prototyping-encoder (VPE) that learns the image translation task from real-world input images to their corresponding prototypical images as a meta-task. As a result, VPE learns image similarity as well as prototypical concepts which differs from widely used metric learning based approaches. Our experiments with diverse datasets demonstrate that the proposed VPE performs favorably against competing metric learning based one-shot methods. Also, our qualitative analyses show that our meta-task induces an effective embedding space suitable for unseen data representation. 
### 61.LCC: Learning to Customize and Combine Neural Networks for Few-Shot Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08479.pdf)
>  Meta-learning has been shown to be an effective strategy for few-shot learning. The key idea is to leverage a large number of similar few-shot tasks in order to meta-learn how to best initiate a (single) base-learner for novel few-shot tasks. While meta-learning how to initialize a base-learner has shown promising results, it is well known that hyperparameter settings such as the learning rate and the weighting of the regularization term are important to achieve best performance. We thus propose to also meta-learn these hyperparameters and in fact learn a time- and layer-varying scheme for learning a base-learner on novel tasks. Additionally, we propose to learn not only a single base-learner but an ensemble of several base-learners to obtain more robust results. While ensembles of learners have shown to improve performance in various settings, this is challenging for few-shot learning tasks due to the limited number of training samples. Therefore, our approach also aims to meta-learn how to effectively combine several base-learners. We conduct extensive experiments and report top performance for five-class few-shot recognition tasks on two challenging benchmarks: miniImageNet and Fewshot-CIFAR100 (FC100). 
### 62.Image Resizing by Reconstruction from Deep Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08475.pdf)
>  Traditional image resizing methods usually work in pixel space and use various saliency measures. The challenge is to adjust the image shape while trying to preserve important content. In this paper we perform image resizing in feature space where the deep layers of a neural network contain rich important semantic information. We directly adjust the image feature maps, extracted from a pre-trained classification network, and reconstruct the resized image using a neural-network based optimization. This novel approach leverages the hierarchical encoding of the network, and in particular, the high-level discriminative power of its deeper layers, that recognizes semantic objects and regions and allows maintaining their aspect ratio. Our use of reconstruction from deep features diminishes the artifacts introduced by image-space resizing operators. We evaluate our method on benchmarks, compare to alternative approaches, and demonstrate its strength on challenging images. 
### 63.DeepAtlas: Joint Semi-Supervised Learning of Image Registration and Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08465.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are state-of-the-art for semantic image segmentation, but typically require many labeled training samples. Obtaining 3D segmentations of medical images for supervised training is difficult and labor intensive. Motivated by classical approaches for joint segmentation and registration we therefore propose a deep learning framework that jointly learns networks for image registration and image segmentation. In contrast to previous work on deep unsupervised image registration, which showed the benefit of weak supervision via image segmentations, our approach can use existing segmentations when available and computes them via the segmentation network otherwise, thereby providing the same registration benefit. Conversely, segmentation network training benefits from the registration, which essentially provides a realistic form of data augmentation. Experiments on knee and brain 3D magnetic resonance (MR) images show that our approach achieves large simultaneous improvements of segmentation and registration accuracy (over independently trained networks) and allows training high-quality models with very limited training data. Specifically, in a one-shot-scenario (with only one manually labeled image) our approach increases Dice scores (%) over an unsupervised registration network by 2.7 and 1.8 on the knee and brain images respectively. 
### 64.Online Adaptation through Meta-Learning for Stereo Depth Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08462.pdf)
>  In this work, we tackle the problem of online adaptation for stereo depth estimation, that consists in continuously adapting a deep network to a target video recordedin an environment different from that of the source training set. To address this problem, we propose a novel Online Meta-Learning model with Adaption (OMLA). Our proposal is based on two main contributions. First, to reducethe domain-shift between source and target feature distributions we introduce an online feature alignment procedurederived from Batch Normalization. Second, we devise a meta-learning approach that exploits feature alignment forfaster convergence in an online learning setting. Additionally, we propose a meta-pre-training algorithm in order toobtain initial network weights on the source dataset whichfacilitate adaptation on future data streams. Experimentally, we show that both OMLA and meta-pre-training helpthe model to adapt faster to a new environment. Our proposal is evaluated on the wellestablished KITTI dataset,where we show that our online method is competitive withstate of the art algorithms trained in a batch setting. 
### 65.A large-scale field test on word-image classification in large historical document collections using a traditional and two deep-learning methods  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08421.pdf)
>  This technical report describes a practical field test on word-image classification in a very large collection of more than 300 diverse handwritten historical manuscripts, with 1.6 million unique labeled images and more than 11 million images used in testing. Results indicate that several deep-learning tests completely failed (mean accuracy 83%). In the tests with more than 1000 output units (lexical words) in one-hot encoding for classification, performance steeply drops to almost zero percent accuracy, even with a modest size of the pre-final (i.e., penultimate) layer (150 units). A traditional feature method (BOVW) displays a consistent performance over numbers of classes and numbers of training examples (mean accuracy 87%). Additional tests using nearest mean on the output of the pre-final layer of an Inception V3 network, for each book, only yielded mediocre results (mean accuracy 49\%), but was not sensitive to high numbers of classes. Notably, this experiment was only possible on the basis of labels that were harvested on the basis of a traditional method which already works starting from a single labeled image per class. It is expected that the performance of the failed deep learning tests can be repaired, but only on the basis of human handcrafting (sic) of network architecture and hyperparameters. When the failed problematic books are not considered, end-to-end CNN training yields about 95% accuracy. This average is dominated by a large subset of Chinese characters, performances for other script styles being lower. 
### 66.2D Car Detection in Radar Data with PointNets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08414.pdf)
>  For many automated driving functions, a highly accurate perception of the vehicle environment is a crucial prerequisite. Modern high-resolution radar sensors generate multiple radar targets per object, which makes these sensors particularly suitable for the 2D object detection task. This work presents an approach to detect object hypotheses solely depending on sparse radar data using PointNets. In literature, only methods are presented so far which perform either object classification or bounding box estimation for objects. In contrast, this method facilitates a classification together with a bounding box estimation of objects using a single radar sensor. To this end, PointNets are adjusted for radar data performing 2D object classification with segmentation, and 2D bounding box regression in order to estimate an amodal bounding box. The algorithm is evaluated using an automatically created dataset which consist of various realistic driving maneuvers. The results show the great potential of object detection in high-resolution radar data using PointNets. 
### 67.SCE: A manifold regularized set-covering method for data partitioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08412.pdf)
>  Cluster analysis plays a very important role in data analysis. In these years, cluster ensemble, as a cluster analysis tool, has drawn much attention for its robustness, stability, and accuracy. Many efforts have been done to combine different initial clustering results into a single clustering solution with better performance. However, they neglect the structure information of the raw data in performing the cluster ensemble. In this paper, we propose a Structural Cluster Ensemble (SCE) algorithm for data partitioning formulated as a set-covering problem. In particular, we construct a Laplacian regularized objective function to capture the structure information among clusters. Moreover, considering the importance of the discriminative information underlying in the initial clustering results, we add a discriminative constraint into our proposed objective function. Finally, we verify the performance of the SCE algorithm on both synthetic and real data sets. The experimental results show the effectiveness of our proposed method SCE algorithm. 
### 68.Neural Painters: A learned differentiable constraint for generating brushstroke paintings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08410.pdf)
>  We explore neural painters, a generative model for brushstrokes learned from a real non-differentiable and non-deterministic painting program. We show that when training an agent to "paint" images using brushstrokes, using a differentiable neural painter leads to much faster convergence. We propose a method for encouraging this agent to follow human-like strokes when reconstructing digits. We also explore the use of a neural painter as a differentiable image parameterization. By directly optimizing brushstrokes to activate neurons in a pre-trained convolutional network, we can directly visualize ImageNet categories and generate "ideal" paintings of each class. Finally, we present a new concept called intrinsic style transfer. By minimizing only the content loss from neural style transfer, we allow the artistic medium, in this case, brushstrokes, to naturally dictate the resulting style. 
### 69.Fast object detection in compressed JPEG Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08408.pdf)
>  Object detection in still images has drawn a lot of attention over past few years, and with the advent of Deep Learning impressive performances have been achieved with numerous industrial applications. Most of these deep learning models rely on RGB images to localize and identify objects in the image. However in some application scenarii, images are compressed either for storage savings or fast transmission. Therefore a time consuming image decompression step is compulsory in order to apply the aforementioned deep models. To alleviate this drawback, we propose a fast deep architecture for object detection in JPEG images, one of the most widespread compression format. We train a neural network to detect objects based on the blockwise DCT (discrete cosine transform) coefficients {issued from} the JPEG compression algorithm. We modify the well-known Single Shot multibox Detector (SSD) by replacing its first layers with one convolutional layer dedicated to process the DCT inputs. Experimental evaluations on PASCAL VOC and industrial dataset comprising images of road traffic surveillance show that the model is about $2\times$ faster than regular SSD with promising detection performances. To the best of our knowledge, this paper is the first to address detection in compressed JPEG images. 
### 70.Deep Parametric Shape Predictions using Distance Fields  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08921.pdf)
>  Many tasks in graphics and vision demand machinery for converting shapes into representations with sparse sets of parameters; these representations facilitate rendering, editing, and storage. When the source data is noisy or ambiguous, however, artists and engineers often manually construct such representations, a tedious and potentially time-consuming process. While advances in deep learning have been successfully applied to noisy geometric data, the task of generating parametric shapes has so far been difficult for these methods. Hence, we propose a new framework for predicting parametric shape primitives using deep learning. We use distance fields to transition between shape parameters like control points and input data on a raster grid. We demonstrate efficacy on 2D and 3D tasks, including font vectorization and surface abstraction. 
### 71.Towards VQA Models that can Read  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08920.pdf)
>  Studies have shown that a dominant class of questions asked by visually impaired users on images of their surroundings involves reading text in the image. But today's VQA models can not read! Our paper takes a first step towards addressing this problem. First, we introduce a new "TextVQA" dataset to facilitate progress on this important problem. Existing datasets either have a small proportion of questions about text (e.g., the VQA dataset) or are too small (e.g., the VizWiz dataset). TextVQA contains 45,336 questions on 28,408 images that require reasoning about text to answer. Second, we introduce a novel model architecture that reads text in the image, reasons about it in the context of the image and the question, and predicts an answer which might be a deduction based on the text and the image or composed of the strings found in the image. Consequently, we call our approach Look, Read, Reason &amp; Answer (LoRRA). We show that LoRRA outperforms existing state-of-the-art VQA models on our TextVQA dataset. We find that the gap between human performance and machine performance is significantly larger on TextVQA than on VQA 2.0, suggesting that TextVQA is well-suited to benchmark progress along directions complementary to VQA 2.0. 
### 72.On The Classification-Distortion-Perception Tradeoff  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08816.pdf)
>  Signal degradation is ubiquitous and computational restoration of degraded signal has been investigated for many years. Recently, it is reported that the capability of signal restoration is fundamentally limited by the perception-distortion tradeoff, i.e. the distortion and the perceptual difference between the restored signal and the ideal `original' signal cannot be made both minimal simultaneously. Distortion corresponds to signal fidelity and perceptual difference corresponds to perceptual naturalness, both of which are important metrics in practice. Besides, there is another dimension worthy of consideration, namely the semantic quality or the utility for recognition purpose, of the restored signal. In this paper, we extend the previous perception-distortion tradeoff to the case of classification-distortion-perception (CDP) tradeoff, where we introduced the classification error rate of the restored signal in addition to distortion and perceptual difference. Two versions of the CDP tradeoff are considered, one using a predefined classifier and the other dealing with the optimal classifier for the restored signal. For both versions, we can rigorously prove the existence of the CDP tradeoff, i.e. the distortion, perceptual difference, and classification error rate cannot be made all minimal simultaneously. Our findings can be useful especially for computer vision researches where some low-level vision tasks (signal restoration) serve for high-level vision tasks (visual understanding). 
### 73.Learning a Controller Fusion Network by Online Trajectory Filtering for Vision-based UAV Racing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08801.pdf)
>  Autonomous UAV racing has recently emerged as an interesting research problem. The dream is to beat humans in this new fast-paced sport. A common approach is to learn an end-to-end policy that directly predicts controls from raw images by imitating an expert. However, such a policy is limited by the expert it imitates and scaling to other environments and vehicle dynamics is difficult. One approach to overcome the drawbacks of an end-to-end policy is to train a network only on the perception task and handle control with a PID or MPC controller. However, a single controller must be extensively tuned and cannot usually cover the whole state space. In this paper, we propose learning an optimized controller using a DNN that fuses multiple controllers. The network learns a robust controller with online trajectory filtering, which suppresses noisy trajectories and imperfections of individual controllers. The result is a network that is able to learn a good fusion of filtered trajectories from different controllers leading to significant improvements in overall performance. We compare our trained network to controllers it has learned from, end-to-end baselines and human pilots in a realistic simulation; our network beats all baselines in extensive experiments and approaches the performance of a professional human pilot. A video summarizing this work is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/hGKlE5X9Z5U" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 74.Artificial Intelligence for Pediatric Ophthalmology  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08796.pdf)
>  PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Despite the impressive results of recent artificial intelligence (AI) applications to general ophthalmology, comparatively less progress has been made toward solving problems in pediatric ophthalmology using similar techniques. This article discusses the unique needs of pediatric ophthalmology patients and how AI techniques can address these challenges, surveys recent applications of AI to pediatric ophthalmology, and discusses future directions in the field. <br>RECENT FINDINGS: The most significant advances involve the automated detection of retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), yielding results that rival experts. Machine learning (ML) has also been successfully applied to the classification of pediatric cataracts, prediction of post-operative complications following cataract surgery, detection of strabismus and refractive error, prediction of future high myopia, and diagnosis of reading disability via eye tracking. In addition, ML techniques have been used for the study of visual development, vessel segmentation in pediatric fundus images, and ophthalmic image synthesis. <br>SUMMARY: AI applications could significantly benefit clinical care for pediatric ophthalmology patients by optimizing disease detection and grading, broadening access to care, furthering scientific discovery, and improving clinical efficiency. These methods need to match or surpass physician performance in clinical trials before deployment with patients. Due to widespread use of closed-access data sets and software implementations, it is difficult to directly compare the performance of these approaches, and reproducibility is poor. Open-access data sets and software implementations could alleviate these issues, and encourage further AI applications to pediatric ophthalmology. <br>KEYWORDS: pediatric ophthalmology, machine learning, artificial intelligence, deep learning 
### 75.Deep Learning Fundus Image Analysis for Diabetic Retinopathy and Macular Edema Grading  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08764.pdf)
>  Diabetes is a globally prevalent disease that can cause visible microvascular complications such as diabetic retinopathy and macular edema in the human eye retina, the images of which are today used for manual disease screening. This labor-intensive task could greatly benefit from automatic detection using deep learning technique. Here we present a deep learning system that identifies referable diabetic retinopathy comparably or better than presented in the previous studies, although we use only a small fraction of images (&lt;1/4) in training but are aided with higher image resolutions. We also provide novel results for five different screening and clinical grading systems for diabetic retinopathy and macular edema classification, including results for accurately classifying images according to clinical five-grade diabetic retinopathy and four-grade diabetic macular edema scales. These results suggest, that a deep learning system could increase the cost-effectiveness of screening while attaining higher than recommended performance, and that the system could be applied in clinical examinations requiring finer grading. 
### 76.Knowledge-rich Image Gist Understanding Beyond Literal Meaning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08709.pdf)
>  We investigate the problem of understanding the message (gist) conveyed by images and their captions as found, for instance, on websites or news articles. To this end, we propose a methodology to capture the meaning of image-caption pairs on the basis of large amounts of machine-readable knowledge that has previously been shown to be highly effective for text understanding. Our method identifies the connotation of objects beyond their denotation: where most approaches to image understanding focus on the denotation of objects, i.e., their literal meaning, our work addresses the identification of connotations, i.e., iconic meanings of objects, to understand the message of images. We view image understanding as the task of representing an image-caption pair on the basis of a wide-coverage vocabulary of concepts such as the one provided by Wikipedia, and cast gist detection as a concept-ranking problem with image-caption pairs as queries. To enable a thorough investigation of the problem of gist understanding, we produce a gold standard of over 300 image-caption pairs and over 8,000 gist annotations covering a wide variety of topics at different levels of abstraction. We use this dataset to experimentally benchmark the contribution of signals from heterogeneous sources, namely image and text. The best result with a Mean Average Precision (MAP) of 0.69 indicate that by combining both dimensions we are able to better understand the meaning of our image-caption pairs than when using language or vision information alone. We test the robustness of our gist detection approach when receiving automatically generated input, i.e., using automatically generated image tags or generated captions, and prove the feasibility of an end-to-end automated process. 
### 77.Disentangled Representation Learning with Information Maximizing Autoencoder  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08613.pdf)
>  Learning disentangled representation from any unlabelled data is a non-trivial problem. In this paper we propose Information Maximising Autoencoder (InfoAE) where the encoder learns powerful disentangled representation through maximizing the mutual information between the representation and given information in an unsupervised fashion. We have evaluated our model on MNIST dataset and achieved 98.9 ($\pm .1$) $\%$ test accuracy while using complete unsupervised training. 
### 78.ZK-GanDef: A GAN based Zero Knowledge Adversarial Training Defense for Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08516.pdf)
>  Neural Network classifiers have been used successfully in a wide range of applications. However, their underlying assumption of attack free environment has been defied by adversarial examples. Researchers tried to develop defenses; however, existing approaches are still far from providing effective solutions to this evolving problem. In this paper, we design a generative adversarial net (GAN) based zero knowledge adversarial training defense, dubbed ZK-GanDef, which does not consume adversarial examples during training. Therefore, ZK-GanDef is not only efficient in training but also adaptive to new adversarial examples. This advantage comes at the cost of small degradation in test accuracy compared to full knowledge approaches. Our experiments show that ZK-GanDef enhances test accuracy on adversarial examples by up-to 49.17% compared to zero knowledge approaches. More importantly, its test accuracy is close to that of the state-of-the-art full knowledge approaches (maximum degradation of 8.46%), while taking much less training time. 
### 79.Defensive Quantization: When Efficiency Meets Robustness  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08444.pdf)
>  Neural network quantization is becoming an industry standard to efficiently deploy deep learning models on hardware platforms, such as CPU, GPU, TPU, and FPGAs. However, we observe that the conventional quantization approaches are vulnerable to adversarial attacks. This paper aims to raise people's awareness about the security of the quantized models, and we designed a novel quantization methodology to jointly optimize the efficiency and robustness of deep learning models. We first conduct an empirical study to show that vanilla quantization suffers more from adversarial attacks. We observe that the inferior robustness comes from the error amplification effect, where the quantization operation further enlarges the distance caused by amplified noise. Then we propose a novel Defensive Quantization (DQ) method by controlling the Lipschitz constant of the network during quantization, such that the magnitude of the adversarial noise remains non-expansive during inference. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-10 and SVHN datasets demonstrate that our new quantization method can defend neural networks against adversarial examples, and even achieves superior robustness than their full-precision counterparts while maintaining the same hardware efficiency as vanilla quantization approaches. As a by-product, DQ can also improve the accuracy of quantized models without adversarial attack. 
### 80.Tightly Coupled 3D Lidar Inertial Odometry and Mapping  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.06993.pdf)
>  Ego-motion estimation is a fundamental requirement for most mobile robotic applications. By sensor fusion, we can compensate the deficiencies of stand-alone sensors and provide more reliable estimations. We introduce a tightly coupled lidar-IMU fusion method in this paper. By jointly minimizing the cost derived from lidar and IMU measurements, the lidar-IMU odometry (LIO) can perform well with acceptable drift after long-term experiment, even in challenging cases where the lidar measurements can be degraded. Besides, to obtain more reliable estimations of the lidar poses, a rotation-constrained refinement algorithm (LIO-mapping) is proposed to further align the lidar poses with the global map. The experiment results demonstrate that the proposed method can estimate the poses of the sensor pair at the IMU update rate with high precision, even under fast motion conditions or with insufficient features. 
