# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 9 Apr 2019
### 1.A Closer Look at Few-shot Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04232.pdf)
>  Few-shot classification aims to learn a classifier to recognize unseen classes during training with limited labeled examples. While significant progress has been made, the growing complexity of network designs, meta-learning algorithms, and differences in implementation details make a fair comparison difficult. In this paper, we present 1) a consistent comparative analysis of several representative few-shot classification algorithms, with results showing that deeper backbones significantly reduce the performance differences among methods on datasets with limited domain differences, 2) a modified baseline method that surprisingly achieves competitive performance when compared with the state-of-the-art on both the \miniI and the CUB datasets, and 3) a new experimental setting for evaluating the cross-domain generalization ability for few-shot classification algorithms. Our results reveal that reducing intra-class variation is an important factor when the feature backbone is shallow, but not as critical when using deeper backbones. In a realistic cross-domain evaluation setting, we show that a baseline method with a standard fine-tuning practice compares favorably against other state-of-the-art few-shot learning algorithms. 
### 2.Relational Action Forecasting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04231.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on multi-person action forecasting in videos. More precisely, given a history of H previous frames, the goal is to detect actors and to predict their future actions for the next T frames. Our approach jointly models temporal and spatial interactions among different actors by constructing a recurrent graph, using actor proposals obtained with Faster R-CNN as nodes. Our method learns to select a subset of discriminative relations without requiring explicit supervision, thus enabling us to tackle challenging visual data. We refer to our model as Discriminative Relational Recurrent Network (DRRN). Evaluation of action prediction on AVA demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed method compared to simpler baselines. Furthermore, we significantly improve performance on the task of early action classification on J-HMDB, from the previous SOTA of 48% to 60%. 
### 3.Least-squares registration of point sets over SE (d) using closed-form projections  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04218.pdf)
>  Consider the problem of registering multiple point sets in some $d$-dimensional space using rotations and translations. Assume that there are sets with common points, and moreover the pairwise correspondences are known for such sets. We consider a least-squares formulation of this problem, where the variables are the transforms associated with the point sets. The present novelty is that we reduce this nonconvex problem to an optimization over the positive semidefinite cone, where the objective is linear but the constraints are nevertheless nonconvex. We propose to solve this using variable splitting and the alternating directions method of multipliers (ADMM). Due to the linearity of the objective and the structure of constraints, the ADMM subproblems are given by projections with closed-form solutions. In particular, for $m$ point sets, the dominant cost per iteration is the partial eigendecomposition of an $md \times md$ matrix, and $m-1$ singular value decompositions of $d \times d$ matrices. We empirically show that for appropriate parameter settings, the proposed solver has a large convergence basin and is stable under perturbations. As applications, we use our method for $2$D shape matching and $3$D multiview registration. In either application, we model the shapes/scans as point sets and determine the pairwise correspondences using ICP. In particular, our algorithm compares favorably with existing methods for multiview reconstruction in terms of timing and accuracy. 
### 4.Log-barrier constrained CNNs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04205.pdf)
>  This study investigates imposing inequality constraints on the outputs of CNNs for weakly supervised segmentation. In the general context of deep networks, constraints are commonly handled with penalty approaches for their simplicity, and despite their well-known limitations. Lagrangian optimization has well-established theoretical and practical advantages over penalty methods, but has been largely avoided for deep CNNs, mainly due to computational complexity and stability/convergence issues caused by alternating stochastic optimization and dual updates. Several recent studies showed that, in the context of deep CNNs, the theoretical advantages of Lagrangian optimization over simple penalties do not materialize in practice, with performances that are, surprisingly, worse. <br />We leverage well-established concepts in interior-point methods, which approximate Lagrangian optimization with a sequence of unconstrained problems, while completely avoiding dual steps/projections. Specifically, we propose a sequence of unconstrained {\em log-barrier-extension} losses for approximating inequality-constrained CNN problems. The proposed extension has a duality-gap bound, which yields sub-optimality certificates for feasible solutions in the case of convex losses. While sub-optimality is not guaranteed for non-convex problems, the result shows that log-barrier extensions are a principled way to approximate Lagrangian optimization for constrained CNNs. Our approach addresses the well-known limitations of penalty methods and, at the same time, removes the explicit dual steps of Lagrangian optimization. We report comprehensive experiments showing that our formulation outperforms a recent penalty-based constrained CNN method, both in terms of accuracy and training stability. 
### 5.Pushing the Envelope for RGB-based Dense 3D Hand Pose Estimation via Neural Rendering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04196.pdf)
>  Estimating 3D hand meshes from single RGB images is challenging, due to intrinsic 2D-3D mapping ambiguities and limited training data. We adopt a compact parametric 3D hand model that represents deformable and articulated hand meshes. To achieve the model fitting to RGB images, we investigate and contribute in three ways: 1) Neural rendering: inspired by recent work on human body, our hand mesh estimator (HME) is implemented by a neural network and a differentiable renderer, supervised by 2D segmentation masks and 3D skeletons. HME demonstrates good performance for estimating diverse hand shapes and improves pose estimation accuracies. 2) Iterative testing refinement: Our fitting function is differentiable. We iteratively refine the initial estimate using the gradients, in the spirit of iterative model fitting methods like ICP. The idea is supported by the latest research on human body. 3) Self-data augmentation: collecting sized RGB-mesh (or segmentation mask)-skeleton triplets for training is a big hurdle. Once the model is successfully fitted to input RGB images, its meshes i.e. shapes and articulations, are realistic, and we augment view-points on top of estimated dense hand poses. Experiments using three RGB-based benchmarks show that our framework offers beyond state-of-the-art accuracy in 3D pose estimation, as well as recovers dense 3D hand shapes. Each technical component above meaningfully improves the accuracy in the ablation study. 
### 6.Unsupervised learning of action classes with continuous temporal embedding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04189.pdf)
>  The task of temporally detecting and segmenting actions in untrimmed videos has seen an increased attention recently. One problem in this context arises from the need to define and label action boundaries to create annotations for training which is very time and cost intensive. To address this issue, we propose an unsupervised approach for learning action classes from untrimmed video sequences. To this end, we use a continuous temporal embedding of framewise features to benefit from the sequential nature of activities. Based on the latent space created by the embedding, we identify clusters of temporal segments across all videos that correspond to semantic meaningful action classes. The approach is evaluated on three challenging datasets, namely the Breakfast dataset, YouTube Instructions, and the 50Salads dataset. While previous works assumed that the videos contain the same high level activity, we furthermore show that the proposed approach can also be applied to a more general setting where the content of the videos is unknown. 
### 7.Revisiting EmbodiedQA: A Simple Baseline and Beyond  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04166.pdf)
>  In Embodied Question Answering (EmbodiedQA), an agent interacts with an environment to gather necessary information for answering user questions. Existing works have laid a solid foundation towards solving this interesting problem. But the current performance, especially in navigation, suggests that EmbodiedQA might be too challenging for current approaches. In this paper, we empirically study this problem and introduce 1) a simple yet effective baseline that can be end-to-end optimized by SGD; 2) an easier and practical setting for EmbodiedQA where an agent has a chance to adapt the trained model to a new environment before it actually answers users questions. In the new setting, we randomly place a few objects in new environments, and upgrade the agent policy by a distillation network to retain the generalization ability from the trained model. On the EmbodiedQA v1 benchmark, under the standard setting, our simple baseline achieves very competitive results to the-state-of-the-art; in the new setting, we found the introduced small change in settings yields a notable gain in navigation. 
### 8.Robust Alignment for Panoramic Stitching via an Exact Rank Constraint  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04158.pdf)
>  We study the problem of image alignment for panoramic stitching. Unlike most existing approaches that are feature-based, our algorithm works on pixels directly, and accounts for errors across the whole images globally. Technically, we formulate the alignment problem as rank-1 and sparse matrix decomposition over transformed images, and develop an efficient algorithm for solving this challenging non-convex optimization problem. The algorithm reduces to solving a sequence of subproblems, where we analytically establish exact recovery conditions, convergence and optimality, together with convergence rate and complexity. We generalize it to simultaneously align multiple images and recover multiple homographies, extending its application scope towards vast majority of practical scenarios. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm is capable of more accurately aligning the images and generating higher quality stitched images than state-of-the-art methods. 
### 9.Learning monocular depth estimation infusing traditional stereo knowledge  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04144.pdf)
>  Depth estimation from a single image represents a fascinating, yet challenging problem with countless applications. Recent works proved that this task could be learned without direct supervision from ground truth labels leveraging image synthesis on sequences or stereo pairs. Focusing on this second case, in this paper we leverage stereo matching in order to improve monocular depth estimation. To this aim we propose monoResMatch, a novel deep architecture designed to infer depth from a single input image by synthesizing features from a different point of view, horizontally aligned with the input image, performing stereo matching between the two cues. In contrast to previous works sharing this rationale, our network is the first trained end-to-end from scratch. Moreover, we show how obtaining proxy ground truth annotation through traditional stereo algorithms, such as Semi-Global Matching, enables more accurate monocular depth estimation still countering the need for expensive depth labels by keeping a self-supervised approach. Exhaustive experimental results prove how the synergy between i) the proposed monoResMatch architecture and ii) proxy-supervision attains state-of-the-art for self-supervised monocular depth estimation. The code is publicly available at <a href="https://github.com/fabiotosi92/monoResMatch-Tensorflow">this https URL</a>. 
### 10.Weighted Point Cloud Augmentation for Neural Network Training Data Class-Imblance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04094.pdf)
>  Recent developments in the field of deep learning for 3D data have demonstrated promising potential for end-to-end learning directly from point clouds. However, many real-world point clouds contain a large class im-balance due to the natural class im-balance observed in nature. For example, a 3D scan of an urban environment will consist mostly of road and facade, whereas other objects such as poles will be under-represented. In this paper we address this issue by employing a weighted augmentation to increase classes that contain fewer points. By mitigating the class im-balance present in the data we demonstrate that a standard PointNet++ deep neural network can achieve higher performance at inference on validation data. This was observed as an increase of F1 score of 19% and 25% on two test benchmark datasets; ScanNet and Semantic3D respectively where no class im-balance pre-processing had been performed. Our networks performed better on both highly-represented and under-represented classes, which indicates that the network is learning more robust and meaningful features when the loss function is not overly exposed to only a few classes. 
### 11.Leveraging the Invariant Side of Generative Zero-Shot Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04092.pdf)
>  Conventional zero-shot learning (ZSL) methods generally learn an embedding, e.g., visual-semantic mapping, to handle the unseen visual samples via an indirect manner. In this paper, we take the advantage of generative adversarial networks (GANs) and propose a novel method, named leveraging invariant side GAN (LisGAN), which can directly generate the unseen features from random noises which are conditioned by the semantic descriptions. Specifically, we train a conditional Wasserstein GANs in which the generator synthesizes fake unseen features from noises and the discriminator distinguishes the fake from real via a minimax game. Considering that one semantic description can correspond to various synthesized visual samples, and the semantic description, figuratively, is the soul of the generated features, we introduce soul samples as the invariant side of generative zero-shot learning in this paper. A soul sample is the meta-representation of one class. It visualizes the most semantically-meaningful aspects of each sample in the same category. We regularize that each generated sample (the varying side of generative ZSL) should be close to at least one soul sample (the invariant side) which has the same class label with it. At the zero-shot recognition stage, we propose to use two classifiers, which are deployed in a cascade way, to achieve a coarse-to-fine result. Experiments on five popular benchmarks verify that our proposed approach can outperform state-of-the-art methods with significant improvements. 
### 12.ContextDesc: Local Descriptor Augmentation with Cross-Modality Context  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04084.pdf)
>  Most existing studies on learning local features focus on the patch-based descriptions of individual keypoints, whereas neglecting the spatial relations established from their keypoint locations. In this paper, we go beyond the local detail representation by introducing context awareness to augment off-the-shelf local feature descriptors. Specifically, we propose a unified learning framework that leverages and aggregates the cross-modality contextual information, including (i) visual context from high-level image representation, and (ii) geometric context from 2D keypoint distribution. Moreover, we propose an effective N-pair loss that eschews the empirical hyper-parameter search and improves the convergence. The proposed augmentation scheme is lightweight compared with the raw local feature description, meanwhile improves remarkably on several large-scale benchmarks with diversified scenes, which demonstrates both strong practicality and generalization ability in geometric matching applications. 
### 13.Nucleus Neural Network for Super Robust Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04036.pdf)
>  Artificial neural networks which model the neurons and connecting architectures in brain have achieved great successes in many problems, especially those with deep layers. In this paper, we propose a nucleus neural network (NNN) and corresponding architecture and parameter learning methods. In a nucleus, there are no regular layers, i.e., a neuron may connect to all the neurons in the nucleus. This architecture gets rid of layer limitation and may lead to more powerful learning capability. It is crucial to determine the connections given numerous neurons. Based on the principle that more relevant input and output neuron pair deserves higher connecting density, we propose an architecture learning model for the nucleus. Moreover, we propose an improved learning method for learning connecting weights and biases with the optimized architecture. We find that this novel architecture is robust to irrelevant components in test data. So we define a super robust learning problem and test the proposed network with one case where the types of image backgrounds in training and test sets are different. Experiments demonstrate that the proposed learner achieves significant improvement over traditional learners on the reconstructed data set. 
### 14.Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation of Satellite Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03983.pdf)
>  When one wants to train a neural network to perform semantic segmentation, creating pixel-level annotations for each of the images in the database is a tedious task. If he works with aerial or satellite images, which are usually very large, it is even worse. With that in mind, we investigate how to use image-level annotations in order to perform semantic segmentation. Image-level annotations are much less expensive to acquire than pixel-level annotations, but we lose a lot of information for the training of the model. From the annotations of the images, the model must find by itself how to classify the different regions of the image. In this work, we use the method proposed by Anh and Kwak [1] to produce pixel-level annotation from image level annotation. We compare the overall quality of our generated dataset with the original dataset. In addition, we propose an adaptation of the AffinityNet that allows us to directly perform a semantic segmentation. Our results show that the generated labels lead to the same performances for the training of several segmentation networks. Also, the quality of semantic segmentation performed directly by the AffinityNet and the Random Walk is close to the one of the best fully-supervised approaches. 
### 15.Simultaneous Spectral-Spatial Feature Selection and Extraction for Hyperspectral Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03982.pdf)
>  In hyperspectral remote sensing data mining, it is important to take into account of both spectral and spatial information, such as the spectral signature, texture feature and morphological property, to improve the performances, e.g., the image classification accuracy. In a feature representation point of view, a nature approach to handle this situation is to concatenate the spectral and spatial features into a single but high dimensional vector and then apply a certain dimension reduction technique directly on that concatenated vector before feed it into the subsequent classifier. However, multiple features from various domains definitely have different physical meanings and statistical properties, and thus such concatenation hasn&#39;t efficiently explore the complementary properties among different features, which should benefit for boost the feature discriminability. Furthermore, it is also difficult to interpret the transformed results of the concatenated vector. Consequently, finding a physically meaningful consensus low dimensional feature representation of original multiple features is still a challenging task. In order to address the these issues, we propose a novel feature learning framework, i.e., the simultaneous spectral-spatial feature selection and extraction algorithm, for hyperspectral images spectral-spatial feature representation and classification. Specifically, the proposed method learns a latent low dimensional subspace by projecting the spectral-spatial feature into a common feature space, where the complementary information has been effectively exploited, and simultaneously, only the most significant original features have been transformed. Encouraging experimental results on three public available hyperspectral remote sensing datasets confirm that our proposed method is effective and efficient. 
### 16.VayuAnukulani: Adaptive Memory Networks for Air Pollution Forecasting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03977.pdf)
>  Air pollution is the leading environmental health hazard globally due to various sources which include factory emissions, car exhaust and cooking stoves. As a precautionary measure, air pollution forecast serves as the basis for taking effective pollution control measures, and accurate air pollution forecasting has become an important task. In this paper, we forecast fine-grained ambient air quality information for 5 prominent locations in Delhi based on the historical and real-time ambient air quality and meteorological data reported by Central Pollution Control board. We present VayuAnukulani system, a novel end-to-end solution to predict air quality for next 24 hours by estimating the concentration and level of different air pollutants including nitrogen dioxide ($NO_2$), particulate matter ($PM_{2.5}$ and $PM_{10}$) for Delhi. Extensive experiments on data sources obtained in Delhi demonstrate that the proposed adaptive attention based Bidirectional LSTM Network outperforms several baselines for classification and regression models. The accuracy of the proposed adaptive system is $\sim 15 - 20\%$ better than the same offline trained model. We compare the proposed methodology on several competing baselines, and show that the network outperforms conventional methods by $\sim 3 - 5 \%$. 
### 17.Adaptive Morphological Reconstruction for Seeded Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03973.pdf)
>  Morphological reconstruction (MR) is often employed by seeded image segmentation algorithms such as watershed transform and power watershed as it is able to filter seeds (regional minima) to reduce over-segmentation. However, MR might mistakenly filter meaningful seeds that are required for generating accurate segmentation and it is also sensitive to the scale because a single-scale structuring element is employed. In this paper, a novel adaptive morphological reconstruction (AMR) operation is proposed that has three advantages. Firstly, AMR can adaptively filter useless seeds while preserving meaningful ones. Secondly, AMR is insensitive to the scale of structuring elements because multiscale structuring elements are employed. Finally, AMR has two attractive properties: monotonic increasingness and convergence that help seeded segmentation algorithms to achieve a hierarchical segmentation. Experiments clearly demonstrate that AMR is useful for improving algorithms of seeded image segmentation and seed-based spectral segmentation. Compared to several state-of-the-art algorithms, the proposed algorithms provide better segmentation results requiring less computing time. Source code is available at <a href="https://github.com/SUST-reynole/AMR">this https URL</a>. 
### 18.Meta Filter Pruning to Accelerate Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03961.pdf)
>  Existing methods usually utilize pre-defined criterions, such as p-norm, to prune unimportant filters. There are two major limitations in these methods. First, the relations of the filters are largely ignored. The filters usually work jointly to make an accurate prediction in a collaborative way. Similar filters will have equivalent effects on the network prediction, and the redundant filters can be further pruned. Second, the pruning criterion remains unchanged during training. As the network updated at each iteration, the filter distribution also changes continuously. The pruning criterions should also be adaptively switched. In this paper, we propose Meta Filter Pruning (MFP) to solve the above problems. First, as a complement to the existing p-norm criterion, we introduce a new pruning criterion considering the filter relation via filter distance. Additionally, we build a meta pruning framework for filter pruning, so that our method could adaptively select the most appropriate pruning criterion as the filter distribution changes. Experiments validate our approach on two image classification benchmarks. Notably, on ILSVRC-2012, our MFP reduces more than 50% FLOPs on ResNet-50 with only 0.44% top-5 accuracy loss. 
### 19.Kervolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03955.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have enabled the state-of-the-art performance in many computer vision tasks. However, little effort has been devoted to establishing convolution in non-linear space. Existing works mainly leverage on the activation layers, which can only provide point-wise non-linearity. To solve this problem, a new operation, kervolution (kernel convolution), is introduced to approximate complex behaviors of human perception systems leveraging on the kernel trick. It generalizes convolution, enhances the model capacity, and captures higher order interactions of features, via patch-wise kernel functions, but without introducing additional parameters. Extensive experiments show that kervolutional neural networks (KNN) achieve higher accuracy and faster convergence than baseline CNN. 
### 20.Improving Image Classification Robustness through Selective CNN-Filters Fine-Tuning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03949.pdf)
>  Image quality plays a big role in CNN-based image classification performance. Fine-tuning the network with distorted samples may be too costly for large networks. To solve this issue, we propose a transfer learning approach optimized to keep into account that in each layer of a CNN some filters are more susceptible to image distortion than others. Our method identifies the most susceptible filters and applies retraining only to the filters that show the highest activation maps distance between clean and distorted images. Filters are ranked using the Borda count election method and then only the most affected filters are fine-tuned. This significantly reduces the number of parameters to retrain. We evaluate this approach on the CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets, testing it on two different models and two different types of distortion. Results show that the proposed transfer learning technique recovers most of the lost performance due to input data distortion, at a considerably faster pace with respect to existing methods, thanks to the reduced number of parameters to fine-tune. When few noisy samples are provided for training, our filter-level fine tuning performs particularly well, also outperforming state of the art layer-level transfer learning approaches. 
### 21.Variational Uncalibrated Photometric Stereo under General Lighting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03942.pdf)
>  Photometric stereo (PS) techniques nowadays remain constrained to an ideal laboratory setup where modeling and calibration of lighting is amenable. This work aims to eliminate such restrictions. To this end, we introduce an efficient principled variational approach to uncalibrated PS under general illumination, which is approximated through a second-order spherical harmonic expansion. The joint recovery of shape, reflectance and illumination is formulated as a variational problem where shape estimation is carried out directly in terms of the underlying perspective depth map, thus implicitly ensuring integrability and bypassing the need for a subsequent normal integration. We provide a tailored numerical scheme to solve the resulting nonconvex problem efficiently and robustly. On a variety of evaluations, our method consistently reduces the mean angular error by a factor of 2-3 compared to the state-of-the-art. 
### 22.Minimal Solvers for Mini-Loop Closures in 3D Multi-Scan Alignment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03941.pdf)
>  3D scan registration is a classical, yet a highly useful problem in the context of 3D sensors such as Kinect and Velodyne. While there are several existing methods, the techniques are usually incremental where adjacent scans are registered first to obtain the initial poses, followed by motion averaging and bundle-adjustment refinement. In this paper, we take a different approach and develop minimal solvers for jointly computing the initial poses of cameras in small loops such as 3-, 4-, and 5-cycles. Note that the classical registration of 2 scans can be done using a minimum of 3 point matches to compute 6 degrees of relative motion. On the other hand, to jointly compute the 3D registrations in n-cycles, we take 2 point matches between the first n-1 consecutive pairs (i.e., Scan 1 &amp; Scan 2, ... , and Scan n-1 &amp; Scan n) and 1 or 2 point matches between Scan 1 and Scan n. Overall, we use 5, 7, and 10 point matches for 3-, 4-, and 5-cycles, and recover 12, 18, and 24 degrees of transformation variables, respectively. Using simulations and real-data we show that the 3D registration using mini n-cycles are computationally efficient, and can provide alternate and better initial poses compared to standard pairwise methods. 
### 23.Sim-Real Joint Reinforcement Transfer for 3D Indoor Navigation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03895.pdf)
>  There has been an increasing interest in 3D indoor navigation, where a robot in an environment moves to a target according to an instruction. To deploy a robot for navigation in the physical world, lots of training data is required to learn an effective policy. It is quite labour intensive to obtain sufficient real environment data for training robots while synthetic data is much easier to construct by render-ing. Though it is promising to utilize the synthetic environments to facilitate navigation training in the real world, real environment are heterogeneous from synthetic environment in two aspects. First, the visual representation of the two environments have significant variances. Second, the houseplans of these two environments are quite different. There-fore two types of information,i.e. visual representation and policy behavior, need to be adapted in the reinforce mentmodel. The learning procedure of visual representation and that of policy behavior are presumably reciprocal. We pro-pose to jointly adapt visual representation and policy behavior to leverage the mutual impacts of environment and policy. Specifically, our method employs an adversarial feature adaptation model for visual representation transfer anda policy mimic strategy for policy behavior imitation. Experiment shows that our method outperforms the baseline by 19.47% without any additional human annotations. 
### 24.From Patch to Image Segmentation using Fully Convolutional Networks - Application to Retinal Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03892.pdf)
>  In general, deep learning based models require a tremendous amount of samples for appropriate training, which is difficult to satisfy in the medical field. This issue can usually be avoided with a proper initialization of the weights. On the task of medical image segmentation in general, two techniques are usually employed to tackle the training of a deep network $f_T$. The first one consists in reusing some weights of a network $f_S$ pre-trained on a large scale database ($e.g.$ ImageNet). This procedure, also known as \textit{transfer learning}, happens to reduce the flexibility when it comes to new network design since $f_T$ is constrained to match some parts of $f_S$. The second commonly used technique consists in working on image patches to benefit from the large number of available patches. This paper brings together these two techniques and propose to train arbitrarily designed networks, with a focus on relatively small databases, in two stages: patch pre-training and full sized image fine-tuning. An experimental work have been carried out on the tasks of retinal blood vessel segmentation and the optic disc one, using four publicly available databases. Furthermore, three types of network are considered, going from a very light weighted network to a densely connected one. The final results show the efficiency of the proposed framework along with state of the art results on all the databases. 
### 25.Referring to Objects in Videos using Spatio-Temporal Identifying Descriptions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03885.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new task, the grounding of spatio-temporal identifying descriptions in videos. Previous work suggests potential bias in existing datasets and emphasizes the need for a new data creation schema to better model linguistic structure. We introduce a new data collection scheme based on grammatical constraints for surface realization to enable us to investigate the problem of grounding spatio-temporal identifying descriptions in videos. We then propose a two-stream modular attention network that learns and grounds spatio-temporal identifying descriptions based on appearance and motion. We show that motion modules help to ground motion-related words and also help to learn in appearance modules because modular neural networks resolve task interference between modules. Finally, we propose a future challenge and a need for a robust system arising from replacing ground truth visual annotations with automatic video object detector and temporal event localization. 
### 26.Streamlined Dense Video Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03870.pdf)
>  Dense video captioning is an extremely challenging task since accurate and coherent description of events in a video requires holistic understanding of video contents as well as contextual reasoning of individual events. Most existing approaches handle this problem by first detecting event proposals from a video and then captioning on a subset of the proposals. As a result, the generated sentences are prone to be redundant or inconsistent since they fail to consider temporal dependency between events. To tackle this challenge, we propose a novel dense video captioning framework, which models temporal dependency across events in a video explicitly and leverages visual and linguistic context from prior events for coherent storytelling. This objective is achieved by 1) integrating an event sequence generation network to select a sequence of event proposals adaptively, and 2) feeding the sequence of event proposals to our sequential video captioning network, which is trained by reinforcement learning with two-level rewards at both event and episode levels for better context modeling. The proposed technique achieves outstanding performances on ActivityNet Captions dataset in most metrics. 
### 27.Noise-Aware Unsupervised Deep Lidar-Stereo Fusion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03868.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present LidarStereoNet, the first unsupervised Lidar-stereo fusion network, which can be trained in an end-to-end manner without the need of ground truth depth maps. By introducing a novel &#34;Feedback Loop&#39;&#39; to connect the network input with output, LidarStereoNet could tackle both noisy Lidar points and misalignment between sensors that have been ignored in existing Lidar-stereo fusion studies. Besides, we propose to incorporate a piecewise planar model into network learning to further constrain depths to conform to the underlying 3D geometry. Extensive quantitative and qualitative evaluations on both real and synthetic datasets demonstrate the superiority of our method, which outperforms state-of-the-art stereo matching, depth completion and Lidar-Stereo fusion approaches significantly. 
### 28.Unsupervised Deep Epipolar Flow for Stationary or Dynamic Scenes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03848.pdf)
>  Unsupervised deep learning for optical flow computation has achieved promising results. Most existing deep-net based methods rely on image brightness consistency and local smoothness constraint to train the networks. Their performance degrades at regions where repetitive textures or occlusions occur. In this paper, we propose Deep Epipolar Flow, an unsupervised optical flow method which incorporates global geometric constraints into network learning. In particular, we investigate multiple ways of enforcing the epipolar constraint in flow estimation. To alleviate a ``chicken-and-egg&#39;&#39; type of problem encountered in dynamic scenes where multiple motions may be present, we propose a low-rank constraint as well as a union-of-subspaces constraint for training. Experimental results on various benchmarking datasets show that our method achieves competitive performance compared with supervised methods and outperforms state-of-the-art unsupervised deep-learning methods. 
### 29.Decomposition-Based Transfer Distance Metric Learning for Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03846.pdf)
>  Distance metric learning (DML) is a critical factor for image analysis and pattern recognition. To learn a robust distance metric for a target task, we need abundant side information (i.e., the similarity/dissimilarity pairwise constraints over the labeled data), which is usually unavailable in practice due to the high labeling cost. This paper considers the transfer learning setting by exploiting the large quantity of side information from certain related, but different source tasks to help with target metric learning (with only a little side information). The state-of-the-art metric learning algorithms usually fail in this setting because the data distributions of the source task and target task are often quite different. We address this problem by assuming that the target distance metric lies in the space spanned by the eigenvectors of the source metrics (or other randomly generated bases). The target metric is represented as a combination of the base metrics, which are computed using the decomposed components of the source metrics (or simply a set of random bases); we call the proposed method, decomposition-based transfer DML (DTDML). In particular, DTDML learns a sparse combination of the base metrics to construct the target metric by forcing the target metric to be close to an integration of the source metrics. The main advantage of the proposed method compared with existing transfer metric learning approaches is that we directly learn the base metric coefficients instead of the target metric. To this end, far fewer variables need to be learned. We therefore obtain more reliable solutions given the limited side information and the optimization tends to be faster. Experiments on the popular handwritten image (digit, letter) classification and challenge natural image annotation tasks demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 30.Weakly Supervised Person Re-identification: Cost-effective Learning with A New Benchmark  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03845.pdf)
>  Person re-identification (ReID) benefits greatly from the accurate annotations of existing datasets (e.g., CUHK03 \cite{li2014deepreid} and Market-1501 \cite{zheng2015scalable}), which are quite expensive because each image in these datasets has to be assigned with a proper label. In this work, we explore to ease the annotation of ReID by replacing the accurate annotation with inaccurate annotation, i.e., we group the images into bags in terms of time and assign a bag-level label for each bag. This greatly reduces the annotation effort and leads to the creation of a large-scale ReID benchmark called SYSU-30$k$. The new benchmark contains $30k$ categories of persons, which is about $20$ times larger than CUHK03 ($1.3k$ categories) and Market-1501 ($1.5k$ categories), and $30$ times larger the ImageNet ($1k$ categories). It totally sums up to 29,606,918 images. Learning a ReID model with bag-level annotation is called the weakly supervised ReID problem. To solve this problem, we introduce conditional random fields (CRFs) to capture the dependencies from all images in a bag and generate a reliable pseudo label for each person image. The pseudo label is further used to supervise the learning of the ReID model. When compared with the fully supervised ReID models, our method achieves the state-of-the-art performance on SYSU-30$k$ and other datasets. The code, dataset, and pretrained model will be available online. 
### 31.Weakly Supervised Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03832.pdf)
>  In the conventional person re-id setting, it is assumed that the labeled images are the person images within the bounding box for each individual; this labeling across multiple nonoverlapping camera views from raw video surveillance is costly and time-consuming. To overcome this difficulty, we consider weakly supervised person re-id modeling. The weak setting refers to matching a target person with an untrimmed gallery video where we only know that the identity appears in the video without the requirement of annotating the identity in any frame of the video during the training procedure. Hence, for a video, there could be multiple video-level labels. We cast this weakly supervised person re-id challenge into a multi-instance multi-label learning (MIML) problem. In particular, we develop a Cross-View MIML (CV-MIML) method that is able to explore potential intraclass person images from all the camera views by incorporating the intra-bag alignment and the cross-view bag alignment. Finally, the CV-MIML method is embedded into an existing deep neural network for developing the Deep Cross-View MIML (Deep CV-MIML) model. We have performed extensive experiments to show the feasibility of the proposed weakly supervised setting and verify the effectiveness of our method compared to related methods on four weakly labeled datasets. 
### 32.Ensemble Teaching for Hybrid Label Propagation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03828.pdf)
>  Label propagation aims to iteratively diffuse the label information from labeled examples to unlabeled examples over a similarity graph. Current label propagation algorithms cannot consistently yield satisfactory performance due to two reasons: one is the instability of single propagation method in dealing with various practical data, and the other one is the improper propagation sequence ignoring the labeling difficulties of different examples. To remedy above defects, this paper proposes a novel propagation algorithm called hybrid diffusion under ensemble teaching (HyDEnT). Specifically, HyDEnT integrates multiple propagation methods as base learners to fully exploit their individual wisdom, which helps HyDEnT to be stable and obtain consistent encouraging results. More importantly, HyDEnT conducts propagation under the guidance of an ensemble of teachers. That is to say, in every propagation round the simplest curriculum examples are wisely designated by a teaching algorithm, so that their labels can be reliably and accurately decided by the learners. To optimally choose these simplest examples, every teacher in the ensemble should comprehensively consider the examples&#39; difficulties from its own viewpoint, as well as the common knowledge shared by all the teachers. This is accomplished by a designed optimization problem, which can be efficiently solved via the block coordinate descent method. Thanks to the efforts of the teachers, all the unlabeled examples are logically propagated from simple to difficult, leading to better propagation quality of HyDEnT than the existing methods. 
### 33.Towards Real-Time Automatic Portrait Matting on Mobile Devices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03816.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of automatic portrait matting on mobile devices. The proposed model is aimed at attaining real-time inference on mobile devices with minimal degradation of model performance. Our model MMNet, based on multi-branch dilated convolution with linear bottleneck blocks, outperforms the state-of-the-art model and is orders of magnitude faster. The model can be accelerated four times to attain 30 FPS on Xiaomi Mi 5 device with moderate increase in the gradient error. Under the same conditions, our model has an order of magnitude less number of parameters and is faster than Mobile DeepLabv3 while maintaining comparable performance. The accompanied implementation can be found at \url{<a href="https://github.com/hyperconnect/MMNet">this https URL</a>}. 
### 34.Visual Localization Using Sparse Semantic 3D Map  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03803.pdf)
>  Accurate and robust visual localization under a wide range of viewing condition variations including season and illumination changes, as well as weather and day-night variations, is the key component for many computer vision and robotics applications. Under these conditions, most traditional methods would fail to locate the camera. In this paper we present a visual localization algorithm that combines structure-based method and image-based method with semantic information. Given semantic information about the query and database images, the retrieved images are scored according to the semantic consistency of the 3D model and the query image. Then the semantic matching score is used as weight for RANSAC&#39;s sampling and the pose is solved by a standard PnP solver. Experiments on the challenging long-term visual localization benchmark dataset demonstrate that our method has significant improvement compared with the state-of-the-arts. 
### 35.FoveaBox: Beyond Anchor-based Object Detector  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03797.pdf)
>  We present FoveaBox, an accurate, flexible and completely anchor-free framework for object detection. While almost all state-of-the-art object detectors utilize the predefined anchors to enumerate possible locations, scales and aspect ratios for the search of the objects, their performance and generalization ability are also limited to the design of anchors. Instead, FoveaBox directly learns the object existing possibility and the bounding box coordinates without anchor reference. This is achieved by: (a) predicting category-sensitive semantic maps for the object existing possibility, and (b) producing category-agnostic bounding box for each position that potentially contains an object. The scales of target boxes are naturally associated with feature pyramid representations for each input image. Without bells and whistles, FoveaBox achieves state-of-the-art single model performance of 42.1 AP on the standard COCO detection benchmark. Specially for the objects with arbitrary aspect ratios, FoveaBox brings in significant improvement compared to the anchor-based detectors. More surprisingly, when it is challenged by the stretched testing images, FoveaBox shows great robustness and generalization ability to the changed distribution of bounding box shapes. The code will be made publicly available. 
### 36.Resource Constrained Neural Network Architecture Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03786.pdf)
>  The design of neural network architectures is frequently either based on human expertise using trial/error and empirical feedback or tackled via large scale reinforcement learning strategies run over distinct discrete architecture choices. In the latter case, the optimization task is non-differentiable and also not very amenable to derivative-free optimization methods. Most methods in use today require exorbitant computational resources. And if we want networks that additionally satisfy resource constraints, the above challenges are exacerbated because the search procedure must now balance accuracy with certain budget constraints on resources. We formulate this problem as the optimization of a set function - we find that the empirical behavior of this set function often (but not always) satisfies marginal gain and monotonicity principles - properties central to the idea of submodularity. Based on this observation, we adapt algorithms that are well-known within discrete optimization to obtain heuristic schemes for neural network architecture search, with resource constraints on the architecture. This simple scheme when applied on CIFAR-100 and ImageNet, identifies resource-constrained architectures with quantifiably better performance than current state-of-the-art models designed for mobile devices. Specifically, we find high-performing architectures with fewer parameters and computations by a search method that is much faster. 
### 37.ANTNets: Mobile Convolutional Neural Networks for Resource Efficient Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03775.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks have achieved remarkable success in computer vision. However, deep neural networks require large computing resources to achieve high performance. Although depthwise separable convolution can be an efficient module to approximate a standard convolution, it often leads to reduced representational power of networks. In this paper, under budget constraints such as computational cost (MAdds) and the parameter count, we propose a novel basic architectural block, ANTBlock. It boosts the representational power by modeling, in a high dimensional space, interdependency of channels between a depthwise convolution layer and a projection layer in the ANTBlocks. Our experiments show that ANTNet built by a sequence of ANTBlocks, consistently outperforms state-of-the-art low-cost mobile convolutional neural networks across multiple datasets. On CIFAR100, our model achieves 75.7% top-1 accuracy, which is 1.5% higher than MobileNetV2 with 8.3% fewer parameters and 19.6% less computational cost. On ImageNet, our model achieves 72.8% top-1 accuracy, which is 0.8% improvement, with 157.7ms (20% faster) on iPhone 5s over MobileNetV2. 
### 38.Meta-Learning with Differentiable Convex Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03758.pdf)
>  Many meta-learning approaches for few-shot learning rely on simple base learners such as nearest-neighbor classifiers. However, even in the few-shot regime, discriminatively trained linear predictors can offer better generalization. We propose to use these predictors as base learners to learn representations for few-shot learning and show they offer better tradeoffs between feature size and performance across a range of few-shot recognition benchmarks. Our objective is to learn feature embeddings that generalize well under a linear classification rule for novel categories. To efficiently solve the objective, we exploit two properties of linear classifiers: implicit differentiation of the optimality conditions of the convex problem and the dual formulation of the optimization problem. This allows us to use high-dimensional embeddings with improved generalization at a modest increase in computational overhead. Our approach, named MetaOptNet, achieves state-of-the-art performance on miniImageNet, tieredImageNet, CIFAR-FS, and FC100 few-shot learning benchmarks. 
### 39.Can GCNs Go as Deep as CNNs?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03751.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) achieve impressive results in a wide variety of fields. Their success benefited from a massive boost with the ability to train very deep CNN models. Despite their positive results, CNNs fail to properly address problems with non-Euclidean data. To overcome this challenge, Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) build graphs to represent non-Euclidean data, and borrow concepts from CNNs and apply them to train these models. GCNs show promising results, but they are limited to very shallow models due to the vanishing gradient problem. As a result most state-of-the-art GCN algorithms are no deeper than 3 or 4 layers. In this work, we present new ways to successfully train very deep GCNs. We borrow concepts from CNNs, mainly residual/dense connections and dilated convolutions, and adapt them to GCN architectures. Through extensive experiments, we show the positive effect of these deep GCN frameworks. Finally, we use these new concepts to build a very deep 56-layer GCN, and show how it significantly boosts performance (+3.7% mIoU over state-of-the-art) in the task of point cloud semantic segmentation. The project website is available at <a href="https://sites.google.com/view/deep-gcns">this https URL</a> 
### 40.Measuring Human Perception to Improve Handwritten Document Transcription  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03734.pdf)
>  The subtleties of human perception, as measured by vision scientists through the use of psychophysics, are important clues to the internal workings of visual recognition. For instance, measured reaction time can indicate whether a visual stimulus is easy for a subject to recognize, or whether it is hard. In this paper, we consider how to incorporate psychophysical measurements of visual perception into the loss function of a deep neural network being trained for a recognition task, under the assumption that such information can enforce consistency with human behavior. As a case study to assess the viability of this approach, we look at the problem of handwritten document transcription. While good progress has been made towards automatically transcribing modern handwriting, significant challenges remain in transcribing historical documents. Here we work towards a comprehensive transcription solution for Medieval manuscripts that combines networks trained using our novel loss formulation with natural language processing elements. In a baseline assessment, reliable performance is demonstrated for the standard IAM and RIMES datasets. Further, we go on to show feasibility for our approach on a previously published dataset and a new dataset of digitized Latin manuscripts, originally produced by scribes in the Cloister of St. Gall around the middle of the 9th century. 
### 41.Planar Geometry and Latest Scene Recovery from a Single Motion Blurred Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03710.pdf)
>  Existing works on motion deblurring either ignore the effects of depth-dependent blur or work with the assumption of a multi-layered scene wherein each layer is modeled in the form of fronto-parallel plane. In this work, we consider the case of 3D scenes with piecewise planar structure i.e., a scene that can be modeled as a combination of multiple planes with arbitrary orientations. We first propose an approach for estimation of normal of a planar scene from a single motion blurred observation. We then develop an algorithm for automatic recovery of a number of planes, the parameters corresponding to each plane, and camera motion from a single motion blurred image of a multiplanar 3D scene. Finally, we propose a first-of-its-kind approach to recover the planar geometry and latent image of the scene by adopting an alternating minimization framework built on our findings. Experiments on synthetic and real data reveal that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results. 
### 42.A Novel Apex-Time Network for Cross-Dataset Micro-Expression Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03699.pdf)
>  The automatic recognition of micro-expression has been boosted ever since the successful introduction of deep learning approaches. Whilst researchers working on such topics are more and more tending to learn from the nature of micro-expression, the practice of using deep learning techniques has evolved from processing the entire video clip of micro-expression to the recognition on apex frame. Using apex frame is able to get rid of redundant information but the temporal evidence of micro-expression would be thereby left out. In this paper, we propose to do the recognition based on the spatial information from apex frame as well as on the temporal information from respective-adjacent frames. As such, a novel Apex-Time Network (ATNet) is proposed. Through extensive experiments on three benchmarks, we demonstrate the improvement achieved by adding the temporal information learned from adjacent frames around the apex frame. Specially, the model with such temporal information is more robust in cross-dataset validations. 
### 43.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Multispectral Pedestrian Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03692.pdf)
>  Multimodal information (e.g., visible and thermal) can generate robust pedestrian detections to facilitate around-the-clock computer vision applications, such as autonomous driving and video surveillance. However, it still remains a crucial challenge to train a reliable detector working well in different multispectral pedestrian datasets without manual annotations. In this paper, we propose a novel unsupervised domain adaptation framework for multispectral pedestrian detection, by iteratively generating pseudo annotations and updating the parameters of our designed multispectral pedestrian detector on target domain. Pseudo annotations are generated using the detector trained on source domain, and then updated by fixing the parameters of detector and minimizing the cross entropy loss without back-propagation. Training labels are generated using the pseudo annotations by considering the characteristics of similarity and complementarity between well-aligned visible and infrared image pairs. The parameters of detector are updated using the generated labels by minimizing our defined multi-detection loss function with back-propagation. The optimal parameters of detector can be obtained after iteratively updating the pseudo annotations and parameters. Experimental results show that our proposed unsupervised multimodal domain adaptation method achieves significantly higher detection performance than the approach without domain adaptation, and is competitive with the supervised multispectral pedestrian detectors. 
### 44.Robust Building-based Registration of Airborne LiDAR Data and Optical Imagery on Urban Scenes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03668.pdf)
>  The motivation of this paper is to address the problem of registering airborne LiDAR data and optical aerial or satellite imagery acquired from different platforms, at different times, with different points of view and levels of detail. In this paper, we present a robust registration method based on building regions, which are extracted from optical images using mean shift segmentation, and from LiDAR data using a 3D point cloud filtering process. The matching of the extracted building segments is then carried out using Graph Transformation Matching (GTM) which allows to determine a common pattern of relative positions of segment centers. Thanks to this registration, the relative shifts between the data sets are significantly reduced, which enables a subsequent fine registration and a resulting high-quality data fusion. 
### 45.Real-Time Quality Assessment of Pediatric MRI via Semi-Supervised Deep Nonlocal Residual Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03639.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce an image quality assessment (IQA) method for pediatric T1- and T2-weighted MR images. IQA is first performed slice-wise using a nonlocal residual neural network (NR-Net) and then volume-wise by agglomerating the slice QA results using random forest. Our method requires only a small amount of quality-annotated images for training and is designed to be robust to annotation noise that might occur due to rater errors and the inevitable mix of good and bad slices in an image volume. Using a small set of quality-assessed images, we pre-train NR-Net to annotate each image slice with an initial quality rating (i.e., pass, questionable, fail), which we then refine by semi-supervised learning and iterative self-training. Experimental results demonstrate that our method, trained using only samples of modest size, exhibit great generalizability, capable of real-time (milliseconds per volume) large-scale IQA with near-perfect accuracy. 
### 46.Learning to Learn Relation for Important People Detection in Still Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03632.pdf)
>  Humans can easily recognize the importance of people in social event images, and they always focus on the most important individuals. However, learning to learn the relation between people in an image, and inferring the most important person based on this relation, remains undeveloped. In this work, we propose a deep imPOrtance relatIon NeTwork (POINT) that combines both relation modeling and feature learning. In particular, we infer two types of interaction modules: the person-person interaction module that learns the interaction between people and the event-person interaction module that learns to describe how a person is involved in the event occurring in an image. We then estimate the importance relations among people from both interactions and encode the relation feature from the importance relations. In this way, POINT automatically learns several types of relation features in parallel, and we aggregate these relation features and the person&#39;s feature to form the importance feature for important people classification. Extensive experimental results show that our method is effective for important people detection and verify the efficacy of learning to learn relations for important people detection. 
### 47.Adaptive NMS: Refining Pedestrian Detection in a Crowd  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03629.pdf)
>  Pedestrian detection in a crowd is a very challenging issue. This paper addresses this problem by a novel Non-Maximum Suppression (NMS) algorithm to better refine the bounding boxes given by detectors. The contributions are threefold: (1) we propose adaptive-NMS, which applies a dynamic suppression threshold to an instance, according to the target density; (2) we design an efficient subnetwork to learn density scores, which can be conveniently embedded into both the single-stage and two-stage detectors; and (3) we achieve state of the art results on the CityPersons and CrowdHuman benchmarks. 
### 48.Learning Metrics from Teachers: Compact Networks for Image Embedding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03624.pdf)
>  Metric learning networks are used to compute image embeddings, which are widely used in many applications such as image retrieval and face recognition. In this paper, we propose to use network distillation to efficiently compute image embeddings with small networks. Network distillation has been successfully applied to improve image classification, but has hardly been explored for metric learning. To do so, we propose two new loss functions that model the communication of a deep teacher network to a small student network. We evaluate our system in several datasets, including CUB-200-2011, Cars-196, Stanford Online Products and show that embeddings computed using small student networks perform significantly better than those computed using standard networks of similar size. Results on a very compact network (MobileNet-0.25), which can be used on mobile devices, show that the proposed method can greatly improve Recall@1 results from 27.5\% to 44.6\%. Furthermore, we investigate various aspects of distillation for embeddings, including hint and attention layers, semi-supervised learning and cross quality distillation. (Code is available at <a href="https://github.com/yulu0724/EmbeddingDistillation">this https URL</a>.) 
### 49.A Facial Affect Analysis System for Autism Spectrum Disorder  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03616.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce an end-to-end machine learning-based system for classifying autism spectrum disorder (ASD) using facial attributes such as expressions, action units, arousal, and valence. Our system classifies ASD using representations of different facial attributes from convolutional neural networks, which are trained on images in the wild. Our experimental results show that different facial attributes used in our system are statistically significant and improve sensitivity, specificity, and F1 score of ASD classification by a large margin. In particular, the addition of different facial attributes improves the performance of ASD classification by about 7% which achieves a F1 score of 76%. 
### 50.Recovering Faces from Portraits with Auxiliary Facial Attributes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03612.pdf)
>  Recovering a photorealistic face from an artistic portrait is a challenging task since crucial facial details are often distorted or completely lost in artistic compositions. To handle this loss, we propose an Attribute-guided Face Recovery from Portraits (AFRP) that utilizes a Face Recovery Network (FRN) and a Discriminative Network (DN). FRN consists of an autoencoder with residual block-embedded skip-connections and incorporates facial attribute vectors into the feature maps of input portraits at the bottleneck of the autoencoder. DN has multiple convolutional and fully-connected layers, and its role is to enforce FRN to generate authentic face images with corresponding facial attributes dictated by the input attribute vectors. %Leveraging on the spatial transformer networks, FRN automatically compensates for misalignments of portraits. % and generates aligned face images. For the preservation of identities, we impose the recovered and ground-truth faces to share similar visual features. Specifically, DN determines whether the recovered image looks like a real face and checks if the facial attributes extracted from the recovered image are consistent with given attributes. %Our method can recover high-quality photorealistic faces from unaligned portraits while preserving the identity of the face images as well as it can reconstruct a photorealistic face image with a desired set of attributes. Our method can recover photorealistic identity-preserving faces with desired attributes from unseen stylized portraits, artistic paintings, and hand-drawn sketches. On large-scale synthesized and sketch datasets, we demonstrate that our face recovery method achieves state-of-the-art results. 
### 51.Normalized Diversification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03608.pdf)
>  Generating diverse yet specific data is the goal of the generative adversarial network (GAN), but it suffers from the problem of mode collapse. We introduce the concept of normalized diversity which forced the model to preserve the normalized pairwise distance between the sparse samples from a latent parametric distribution and their corresponding high-dimensional outputs. The normalized diversification aims to unfold the manifold of unknown topology and non-uniform distribution, which leads to safe interpolation between valid latent variables. By alternating the maximization over the pairwise distance and updating the total distance (normalizer), we encourage the model to actively explore in the high-dimensional output space. We demonstrate that by combining the normalized diversity loss and the adversarial loss, we generate diverse data without suffering from mode collapsing. Experimental results show that our method achieves consistent improvement on unsupervised image generation, conditional image generation and hand pose estimation over strong baselines. 
### 52.Self-supervised Spatio-temporal Representation Learning for Videos by Predicting Motion and Appearance Statistics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03597.pdf)
>  We address the problem of video representation learning without human-annotated labels. While previous efforts address the problem by designing novel self-supervised tasks using video data, the learned features are merely on a frame-by-frame basis, which are not applicable to many video analytic tasks where spatio-temporal features are prevailing. In this paper we propose a novel self-supervised approach to learn spatio-temporal features for video representation. Inspired by the success of two-stream approaches in video classification, we propose to learn visual features by regressing both motion and appearance statistics along spatial and temporal dimensions, given only the input video data. Specifically, we extract statistical concepts (fast-motion region and the corresponding dominant direction, spatio-temporal color diversity, dominant color, etc.) from simple patterns in both spatial and temporal domains. Unlike prior puzzles that are even hard for humans to solve, the proposed approach is consistent with human inherent visual habits and therefore easy to answer. We conduct extensive experiments with C3D to validate the effectiveness of our proposed approach. The experiments show that our approach can significantly improve the performance of C3D when applied to video classification tasks. Code is available at <a href="https://github.com/laura-wang/video_repres_mas">this https URL</a>. 
### 53.Modularized Textual Grounding for Counterfactual Resilience  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03589.pdf)
>  Computer Vision applications often require a textual grounding module with precision, interpretability, and resilience to counterfactual inputs/queries. To achieve high grounding precision, current textual grounding methods heavily rely on large-scale training data with manual annotations at the pixel level. Such annotations are expensive to obtain and thus severely narrow the model&#39;s scope of real-world applications. Moreover, most of these methods sacrifice interpretability, generalizability, and they neglect the importance of being resilient to counterfactual inputs. To address these issues, we propose a visual grounding system which is 1) end-to-end trainable in a weakly supervised fashion with only image-level annotations, and 2) counterfactually resilient owing to the modular design. Specifically, we decompose textual descriptions into three levels: entity, semantic attribute, color information, and perform compositional grounding progressively. We validate our model through a series of experiments and demonstrate its improvement over the state-of-the-art methods. In particular, our model&#39;s performance not only surpasses other weakly/un-supervised methods and even approaches the strongly supervised ones, but also is interpretable for decision making and performs much better in face of counterfactual classes than all the others. 
### 54.Multi-Label Image Recognition with Graph Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03582.pdf)
>  The task of multi-label image recognition is to predict a set of object labels that present in an image. As objects normally co-occur in an image, it is desirable to model the label dependencies to improve the recognition performance. To capture and explore such important dependencies, we propose a multi-label classification model based on Graph Convolutional Network (GCN). The model builds a directed graph over the object labels, where each node (label) is represented by word embeddings of a label, and GCN is learned to map this label graph into a set of inter-dependent object classifiers. These classifiers are applied to the image descriptors extracted by another sub-net, enabling the whole network to be end-to-end trainable. Furthermore, we propose a novel re-weighted scheme to create an effective label correlation matrix to guide information propagation among the nodes in GCN. Experiments on two multi-label image recognition datasets show that our approach obviously outperforms other existing state-of-the-art methods. In addition, visualization analyses reveal that the classifiers learned by our model maintain meaningful semantic topology. 
### 55.Compare More Nuanced:Pairwise Alignment Bilinear Network For Few-shot Fine-grained Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03580.pdf)
>  The recognition ability of human beings is developed in a progressive way. Usually, children learn to discriminate various objects from coarse to fine-grained with limited supervision. Inspired by this learning process, we propose a simple yet effective model for the Few-Shot Fine-Grained (FSFG) recognition, which tries to tackle the challenging fine-grained recognition task using meta-learning. The proposed method, named Pairwise Alignment Bilinear Network (PABN), is an end-to-end deep neural network. Unlike traditional deep bilinear networks for fine-grained classification, which adopt the self-bilinear pooling to capture the subtle features of images, the proposed model uses a novel pairwise bilinear pooling to compare the nuanced differences between base images and query images for learning a deep distance metric. In order to match base image features with query image features, we design feature alignment losses before the proposed pairwise bilinear pooling. Experiment results on four fine-grained classification datasets and one generic few-shot dataset demonstrate that the proposed model outperforms both the state-ofthe-art few-shot fine-grained and general few-shot methods. 
### 56.Adaptively Connected Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03579.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel adaptively connected neural network (ACNet) to improve the traditional convolutional neural networks (CNNs) {in} two aspects. First, ACNet employs a flexible way to switch global and local inference in processing the internal feature representations by adaptively determining the connection status among the feature nodes (e.g., pixels of the feature maps) \footnote{In a computer vision domain, a node refers to a pixel of a feature map{, while} in {the} graph domain, a node denotes a graph node.}. We can show that existing CNNs, the classical multilayer perceptron (MLP), and the recently proposed non-local network (NLN) \cite{nonlocalnn17} are all special cases of ACNet. Second, ACNet is also capable of handling non-Euclidean data. Extensive experimental analyses on {a variety of benchmarks (i.e.,} ImageNet-1k classification, COCO 2017 detection and segmentation, CUHK03 person re-identification, CIFAR analysis, and Cora document categorization) demonstrate that {ACNet} cannot only achieve state-of-the-art performance but also overcome the limitation of the conventional MLP and CNN \footnote{Corresponding author: Liang Lin (linliang@ieee.org)}. The code is available at \url{<a href="https://github.com/wanggrun/Adaptively-Connected-Neural-Networks">this https URL</a>}. 
### 57.A Dilated Inception Network for Visual Saliency Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03571.pdf)
>  Recently, with the advent of deep convolutional neural networks (DCNN), the improvements in visual saliency prediction research are impressive. One possible direction to approach the next improvement is to fully characterize the multi-scale saliency-influential factors with a computationally-friendly module in DCNN architectures. In this work, we proposed an end-to-end dilated inception network (DINet) for visual saliency prediction. It captures multi-scale contextual features effectively with very limited extra parameters. Instead of utilizing parallel standard convolutions with different kernel sizes as the existing inception module, our proposed dilated inception module (DIM) uses parallel dilated convolutions with different dilation rates which can significantly reduce the computation load while enriching the diversity of receptive fields in feature maps. Moreover, the performance of our saliency model is further improved by using a set of linear normalization-based probability distribution distance metrics as loss functions. As such, we can formulate saliency prediction as a probability distribution prediction task for global saliency inference instead of a typical pixel-wise regression problem. Experimental results on several challenging saliency benchmark datasets demonstrate that our DINet with proposed loss functions can achieve state-of-the-art performance with shorter inference time. 
### 58.Image and Video Compression with Neural Networks: A Review  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03567.pdf)
>  In recent years, the image and video coding technologies have advanced by leaps and bounds. However, due to the popularization of image and video acquisition devices, the growth rate of image and video data is far beyond the improvement of the compression ratio. In particular, it has been widely recognized that there are increasing challenges of pursuing further coding performance improvement within the traditional hybrid coding framework. Deep convolution neural network (CNN) which makes the neural network resurge in recent years and has achieved great success in both artificial intelligent and signal processing fields, also provides a novel and promising solution for image and video compression. In this paper, we provide a systematic, comprehensive and up-to-date review of neural network based image and video compression techniques. The evolution and development of neural network based compression methodologies are introduced for images and video respectively. More specifically, the cutting-edge video coding techniques by leveraging deep learning and HEVC framework are presented and discussed, which promote the state-of-the-art video coding performance substantially. Moreover, the end-to-end image and video coding frameworks based on neural networks are also reviewed, revealing interesting explorations on next generation image and video coding frameworks/standards. The most significant research works on the image and video coding related topics using neural networks are highlighted, and future trends are also envisioned. In particular, the joint compression on semantic and visual information is tentatively explored to formulate high efficiency signal representation structure for both human vision and machine vision, which are the two dominant signal receptor in the age of artificial intelligence. 
### 59.Place-specific Background Modeling Using Recursive Autoencoders  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03555.pdf)
>  Image change detection (ICD) to detect changed objects in front of a vehicle with respect to a place-specific background model using an on-board monocular vision system is a fundamental problem in intelligent vehicle (IV). From the perspective of recent large-scale IV applications, it can be impractical in terms of space/time efficiency to train place-specific background models for every possible place. To address these issues, we introduce a new autoencoder (AE) based efficient ICD framework that combines the advantages of AE-based anomaly detection (AD) and AE-based image compression (IC). We propose a method that uses AE reconstruction errors as a single unified measure for training a minimal set of place-specific AEs and maintains detection accuracy. We introduce an efficient incremental recursive AE (rAE) training framework that recursively summarizes a large collection of background images into the AE set. The results of experiments on challenging cross-season ICD tasks validate the efficacy of the proposed approach. 
### 60.Scalable Change Retrieval Using Deep 3D Neural Codes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03552.pdf)
>  We present a novel scalable framework for image change detection (ICD) from an on-board 3D imagery system. We argue that existing ICD systems are constrained by the time required to align a given query image with individual reference image coordinates. We utilize an invariant coordinate system (ICS) to replace the time-consuming image alignment with an offline pre-processing procedure. Our key contribution is an extension of the traditional image comparison-based ICD tasks to setups of the image retrieval (IR) task. We replace each component of the 3D ICD system, i.e., (1) image modeling, (2) image alignment, and (3) image differencing, with significantly efficient variants from the bag-of-words (BoW) IR paradigm. Further, we train a deep 3D feature extractor in an unsupervised manner using an unsupervised Siamese network and automatically collected training data. We conducted experiments on a challenging cross-season ICD task using a publicly available dataset and thereby validate the efficacy of the proposed approach. 
### 61.Long-Term Vehicle Localization by Recursive Knowledge Distillation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03551.pdf)
>  Most of the current state-of-the-art frameworks for cross-season visual place recognition (CS-VPR) focus on domain adaptation (DA) to a single specific season. From the viewpoint of long-term CS-VPR, such frameworks do not scale well to sequential multiple domains (e.g., spring - summer - autumn - winter - ... ). The goal of this study is to develop a novel long-term ensemble learning (LEL) framework that allows for a constant cost retraining in long-term sequential-multi-domain CS-VPR (SMD-VPR), which only requires the memorization of a small constant number of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and can retrain the CNN ensemble of every season at a small constant time/space cost. We frame our task as the multi-teacher multi-student knowledge distillation (MTMS-KD), which recursively compresses all the previous season&#39;s knowledge into a current CNN ensemble. We further address the issue of teacher-student-assignment (TSA) to achieve a good generalization/specialization tradeoff. Experimental results on SMD-VPR tasks validate the efficacy of the proposed approach. 
### 62.Automatic Target Recognition Using Discrimination Based on Optimal Transport  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03534.pdf)
>  The use of distances based on optimal transportation has recently shown promise for discrimination of power spectra. In particular, spectral estimation methods based on l1 regularization as well as covariance based methods can be shown to be robust with respect to such distances. These transportation distances provide a geometric framework where geodesics corresponds to smooth transition of spectral mass, and have been useful for tracking. In this paper, we investigate the use of these distances for automatic target recognition. We study the use of the Monge-Kantorovich distance compared to the standard l2 distance for classifying civilian vehicles based on SAR images. We use a version of the Monge-Kantorovich distance that applies also for the case where the spectra may have different total mass, and we formulate the optimization problem as a minimum flow problem that can be computed using efficient algorithms. 
### 63.Dense 3D Face Decoding over 2500FPS: Joint Texture &amp; Shape Convolutional Mesh Decoders  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03525.pdf)
>  3D Morphable Models (3DMMs) are statistical models that represent facial texture and shape variations using a set of linear bases and more particular Principal Component Analysis (PCA). 3DMMs were used as statistical priors for reconstructing 3D faces from images by solving non-linear least square optimization problems. Recently, 3DMMs were used as generative models for training non-linear mappings (\ie, regressors) from image to the parameters of the models via Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (DCNNs). Nevertheless, all of the above methods use either fully connected layers or 2D convolutions on parametric unwrapped UV spaces leading to large networks with many parameters. In this paper, we present the first, to the best of our knowledge, non-linear 3DMMs by learning joint texture and shape auto-encoders using direct mesh convolutions. We demonstrate how these auto-encoders can be used to train very light-weight models that perform Coloured Mesh Decoding (CMD) in-the-wild at a speed of over 2500 FPS. 
### 64.C2S2: Cost-aware Channel Sparse Selection for Progressive Network Pruning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03508.pdf)
>  This paper describes a channel-selection approach for simplifying deep neural networks. Specifically, we propose a new type of generic network layer, called pruning layer, to seamlessly augment a given pre-trained model for compression. Each pruning layer, comprising $1 \times 1$ depth-wise kernels, is represented with a dual format: one is real-valued and the other is binary. The former enables a two-phase optimization process of network pruning to operate with an end-to-end differentiable network, and the latter yields the mask information for channel selection. Our method progressively performs the pruning task layer-wise, and achieves channel selection according to a sparsity criterion to favor pruning more channels. We also develop a cost-aware mechanism to prevent the compression from sacrificing the expected network performance. Our results for compressing several benchmark deep networks on image classification and semantic segmentation are comparable to those by state-of-the-art. 
### 65.DeepSEED: 3D Squeeze-and-Excitation Encoder-Decoder ConvNets for Pulmonary Nodule Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03501.pdf)
>  Pulmonary nodule detection plays an important role in lung cancer screening with low-dose computed tomography (CT) scans. Although promising performance has been achieved by deep learning based nodule detection methods, it remains challenging to build nodule detection networks with good generalization performance due to unbalanced positive and negative samples. In order to overcome this problem and further improve state-of-the-art region proposal network methods, we develop a novel deep 3D convolutional neural network with an Encoder-Decoder structure for pulmonary nodule detection. Particularly, we utilize a dynamically scaled cross entropy loss to reduce the false positive rate and compensate the significant data imbalance problem. We adopt the squeeze-and-excitation structure to learn effective image features and fully utilize channel inter-dependency. We have validated our method based on publicly available CT scans from LIDC/IDRI dataset and its subset LUNA16 with thinner slices. Ablation studies and experimental results have demonstrated that our method could outperform state-of-the-art nodule detection methods by a large margin, with an average FROC score of 86.2% on LUNA16, and an average FROC score of 77.3% on LIDC/IDRI dataset when trained on LUNA16 only. 
### 66.LP-3DCNN: Unveiling Local Phase in 3D Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03498.pdf)
>  Traditional 3D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are computationally expensive, memory intensive, prone to overfit, and most importantly, there is a need to improve their feature learning capabilities. To address these issues, we propose Rectified Local Phase Volume (ReLPV) block, an efficient alternative to the standard 3D convolutional layer. The ReLPV block extracts the phase in a 3D local neighborhood (e.g., 3x3x3) of each position of the input map to obtain the feature maps. The phase is extracted by computing 3D Short Term Fourier Transform (STFT) at multiple fixed low frequency points in the 3D local neighborhood of each position. These feature maps at different frequency points are then linearly combined after passing them through an activation function. The ReLPV block provides significant parameter savings of at least, 3^3 to 13^3 times compared to the standard 3D convolutional layer with the filter sizes 3x3x3 to 13x13x13, respectively. We show that the feature learning capabilities of the ReLPV block are significantly better than the standard 3D convolutional layer. Furthermore, it produces consistently better results across different 3D data representations. We achieve state-of-the-art accuracy on the volumetric ModelNet10 and ModelNet40 datasets while utilizing only 11% parameters of the current state-of-the-art. We also improve the state-of-the-art on the UCF-101 split-1 action recognition dataset by 5.68% (when trained from scratch) while using only 15% of the parameters of the state-of-the-art. The project webpage is available at <a href="https://sites.google.com/view/lp-3dcnn/home">this https URL</a>. 
### 67.VATEX: A Large-Scale, High-Quality Multilingual Dataset for Video-and-Language Research  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03493.pdf)
>  We present a new large-scale multilingual video description dataset, VATEX, which contains over 41,250 videos and 825,000 captions in both English and Chinese. Among the captions, there are over 206,000 English-Chinese parallel translation pairs. Compared to the widely-used MSR-VTT dataset, VATEX is multilingual, larger, linguistically complex, and more diverse in terms of both video and natural language descriptions. We also introduce two tasks for video-and-language research based on VATEX: (1) Multilingual Video Captioning, aimed at describing a video in various languages with a compact unified captioning model, and (2) Video-guided Machine Translation, to translate a source language description into the target language using the video information as additional spatiotemporal context. Extensive experiments on the VATEX dataset show that, first, the unified multilingual model can not only produce both English and Chinese descriptions for a video more efficiently, but also offer improved performance over the monolingual models. Furthermore, we demonstrate that the spatiotemporal video context can be effectively utilized to align source and target languages and thus assist machine translation. In the end, we discuss the potentials of using VATEX for other video-and-language research. 
### 68.Self-supervised speaker embeddings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03486.pdf)
>  Contrary to i-vectors, speaker embeddings such as x-vectors are incapable of leveraging unlabelled utterances, due to the classification loss over training speakers. In this paper, we explore an alternative training strategy to enable the use of unlabelled utterances in training. We propose to train speaker embedding extractors via reconstructing the frames of a target speech segment, given the inferred embedding of another speech segment of the same utterance. We do this by attaching to the standard speaker embedding extractor a decoder network, which we feed not merely with the speaker embedding, but also with the estimated phone sequence of the target frame sequence. The reconstruction loss can be used either as a single objective, or be combined with the standard speaker classification loss. In the latter case, it acts as a regularizer, encouraging generalizability to speakers unseen during training. In all cases, the proposed architectures are trained from scratch and in an end-to-end fashion. We demonstrate the benefits from the proposed approach on VoxCeleb and Speakers in the wild, and we report notable improvements over the baseline. 
### 69.When AWGN-based Denoiser Meets Real Noises  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03485.pdf)
>  Discriminative learning based image denoisers have achieved promising performance on synthetic noise such as the additive Gaussian noise. However, their performance on images with real noise is often not satisfactory. The main reason is that real noises are mostly spatially/channel-correlated and spatial/channel-variant. In contrast, the synthetic Additive White Gaussian Noise (AWGN) adopted in most previous work is pixel-independent. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to boost the performance of a real image denoiser which is trained only with synthetic pixel-independent noise data. First, we train a deep model that consists of a noise estimator and a denoiser with mixed AWGN and Random Value Impulse Noise (RVIN). We then investigate Pixel-shuffle Down-sampling (PD) strategy to adapt the trained model to real noises. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and generalization ability of the proposed approach. Notably, our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on real sRGB images in the DND benchmark. Codes are available at <a href="https://github.com/yzhouas/PD-Denoising-pytorch">this https URL</a>. 
### 70.SDRSAC: Semidefinite-Based Randomized Approach for Robust Point Cloud Registration without Correspondences  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03483.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel randomized algorithm for robust point cloud registration without correspondences. Most existing registration approaches require a set of putative correspondences obtained by extracting invariant descriptors. However, such descriptors could become unreliable in noisy and contaminated settings. In these settings, methods that directly handle input point sets are preferable. Without correspondences, however, conventional randomized techniques require a very large number of samples in order to reach satisfactory solutions. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to address this problem. In particular, our work enables the use of randomized methods for point cloud registration without the need of putative correspondences. By considering point cloud alignment as a special instance of graph matching and employing an efficient semi-definite relaxation, we propose a novel sampling mechanism, in which the size of the sampled subsets can be larger-than-minimal. Our tight relaxation scheme enables fast rejection of the outliers in the sampled sets, resulting in high-quality hypotheses. We conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate that our approach outperforms other state-of-the-art methods. Importantly, our proposed method serves as a generic framework which can be extended to problems with known correspondences. 
### 71.Few-Shot Learning via Saliency-guided Hallucination of Samples  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03472.pdf)
>  Learning new concepts from a few of samples is a standard challenge in computer vision. The main directions to improve the learning ability of few-shot training models include (i) a robust similarity learning and (ii) generating or hallucinating additional data from the limited existing samples. In this paper, we follow the latter direction and present a novel data hallucination model. Currently, most datapoint generators contain a specialized network (i.e., GAN) tasked with hallucinating new datapoints, thus requiring large numbers of annotated data for their training in the first place. In this paper, we propose a novel less-costly hallucination method for few-shot learning which utilizes saliency maps. To this end, we employ a saliency network to obtain the foregrounds and backgrounds of available image samples and feed the resulting maps into a two-stream network to hallucinate datapoints directly in the feature space from viable foreground-background combinations. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to leverage saliency maps for such a task and we demonstrate their usefulness in hallucinating additional datapoints for few-shot learning. Our proposed network achieves the state of the art on publicly available datasets. 
### 72.Deep Stacked Hierarchical Multi-patch Network for Image Deblurring  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03468.pdf)
>  Despite deep end-to-end learning methods have shown their superiority in removing non-uniform motion blur, there still exist major challenges with the current multi-scale and scale-recurrent models: 1) Deconvolution/upsampling operations in the coarse-to-fine scheme result in expensive runtime; 2) Simply increasing the model depth with finer-scale levels cannot improve the quality of deblurring. To tackle the above problems, we present a deep hierarchical multi-patch network inspired by Spatial Pyramid Matching to deal with blurry images via a fine-to-coarse hierarchical representation. To deal with the performance saturation w.r.t. depth, we propose a stacked version of our multi-patch model. Our proposed basic multi-patch model achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the GoPro dataset while enjoying a 40x faster runtime compared to current multi-scale methods. With 30ms to process an image at 1280x720 resolution, it is the first real-time deep motion deblurring model for 720p images at 30fps. For stacked networks, significant improvements (over 1.2dB) are achieved on the GoPro dataset by increasing the network depth. Moreover, by varying the depth of the stacked model, one can adapt the performance and runtime of the same network for different application scenarios. 
### 73.Embodied Question Answering in Photorealistic Environments with Point Cloud Perception  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03461.pdf)
>  To help bridge the gap between internet vision-style problems and the goal of vision for embodied perception we instantiate a large-scale navigation task -- Embodied Question Answering [1] in photo-realistic environments (Matterport 3D). We thoroughly study navigation policies that utilize 3D point clouds, RGB images, or their combination. Our analysis of these models reveals several key findings. We find that two seemingly naive navigation baselines, forward-only and random, are strong navigators and challenging to outperform, due to the specific choice of the evaluation setting presented by [1]. We find a novel loss-weighting scheme we call Inflection Weighting to be important when training recurrent models for navigation with behavior cloning and are able to out perform the baselines with this technique. We find that point clouds provide a richer signal than RGB images for learning obstacle avoidance, motivating the use (and continued study) of 3D deep learning models for embodied navigation. 
### 74.Doodle to Search: Practical Zero-Shot Sketch-based Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03451.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the problem of zero-shot sketch-based image retrieval (ZS-SBIR), where human sketches are used as queries to conduct retrieval of photos from unseen categories. We importantly advance prior arts by proposing a novel ZS-SBIR scenario that represents a firm step forward in its practical application. The new setting uniquely recognizes two important yet often neglected challenges of practical ZS-SBIR, (i) the large domain gap between amateur sketch and photo, and (ii) the necessity for moving towards large-scale retrieval. We first contribute to the community a novel ZS-SBIR dataset, QuickDraw-Extended, that consists of 330,000 sketches and 204,000 photos spanning across 110 categories. Highly abstract amateur human sketches are purposefully sourced to maximize the domain gap, instead of ones included in existing datasets that can often be semi-photorealistic. We then formulate a ZS-SBIR framework to jointly model sketches and photos into a common embedding space. A novel strategy to mine the mutual information among domains is specifically engineered to alleviate the domain gap. External semantic knowledge is further embedded to aid semantic transfer. We show that, rather surprisingly, retrieval performance significantly outperforms that of state-of-the-art on existing datasets that can already be achieved using a reduced version of our model. We further demonstrate the superior performance of our full model by comparing with a number of alternatives on the newly proposed dataset. The new dataset, plus all training and testing code of our model, will be publicly released to facilitate future research 
### 75.Iterative Normalization: Beyond Standardization towards Efficient Whitening  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03441.pdf)
>  Batch Normalization (BN) is ubiquitously employed for accelerating neural network training and improving the generalization capability by performing standardization within mini-batches. Decorrelated Batch Normalization (DBN) further boosts the above effectiveness by whitening. However, DBN relies heavily on either a large batch size, or eigen-decomposition that suffers from poor efficiency on GPUs. We propose Iterative Normalization (IterNorm), which employs Newton&#39;s iterations for much more efficient whitening, while simultaneously avoiding the eigen-decomposition. Furthermore, we develop a comprehensive study to show IterNorm has better trade-off between optimization and generalization, with theoretical and experimental support. To this end, we exclusively introduce Stochastic Normalization Disturbance (SND), which measures the inherent stochastic uncertainty of samples when applied to normalization operations. With the support of SND, we provide natural explanations to several phenomena from the perspective of optimization, e.g., why group-wise whitening of DBN generally outperforms full-whitening and why the accuracy of BN degenerates with reduced batch sizes. We demonstrate the consistently improved performance of IterNorm with extensive experiments on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet over BN and DBN. 
### 76.Unsupervised Embedding Learning via Invariant and Spreading Instance Feature  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03436.pdf)
>  This paper studies the unsupervised embedding learning problem, which requires an effective similarity measurement between samples in low-dimensional embedding space. Motivated by the positive concentrated and negative separated properties observed from category-wise supervised learning, we propose to utilize the instance-wise supervision to approximate these properties, which aims at learning data augmentation invariant and instance spread-out features. To achieve this goal, we propose a novel instance based softmax embedding method, which directly optimizes the `real&#39; instance features on top of the softmax function. It achieves significantly faster learning speed and higher accuracy than all existing methods. The proposed method performs well for both seen and unseen testing categories with cosine similarity. It also achieves competitive performance even without pre-trained network over samples from fine-grained categories. 
### 77.A Novel Unsupervised Camera-aware Domain Adaptation Framework for Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03425.pdf)
>  Unsupervised cross-domain person re-identification (Re-ID) faces two key issues. One is the data distribution discrepancy between source and target domains, and the other is the lack of labelling information in target domain. They are addressed in this paper from the perspective of representation learning. For the first issue, we highlight the presence of camera-level sub-domains as a unique characteristic of person Re-ID, and develop camera-aware domain adaptation to reduce the discrepancy not only between source and target domains but also across these sub-domains. For the second issue, we exploit the temporal continuity in each camera of target domain to create discriminative information. This is implemented by dynamically generating online triplets within each batch, in order to maximally take advantage of the steadily improved feature representation in training process. Together, the above two methods give rise to a novel unsupervised deep domain adaptation framework for person Re-ID. Experiments and ablation studies on benchmark datasets demonstrate its superiority and interesting properties. 
### 78.Context-aware Human Motion Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03419.pdf)
>  The problem of predicting human motion given a sequence of past observations is at the core of many applications in robotics and computer vision. Current state-of-the-art formulate this problem as a sequence-to-sequence task, in which a historical of 3D skeletons feeds a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) that predicts future movements, typically in the order of 1 to 2 seconds. However, one aspect that has been obviated so far, is the fact that human motion is inherently driven by interactions with objects and/or other humans in the environment. <br />In this paper, we explore this scenario using a novel context-aware motion prediction architecture. We use a semantic-graph model where the nodes parameterize the human and objects in the scene and the edges their mutual interactions. These interactions are iteratively learned through a graph attention layer, fed with the past observations, which now include both object and human body motions. Once this semantic graph is learned, we inject it to a standard RNN to predict future movements of the human/s and object/s. We consider two variants of our architecture, either freezing the contextual interactions in the future of updating them. A thorough evaluation in the &#34;Whole-Body Human Motion Database&#34; shows that in both cases, our context-aware networks clearly outperform baselines in which the context information is not considered. 
### 79.Deep Surface Normal Estimation with Hierarchical RGB-D Fusion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03405.pdf)
>  The growing availability of commodity RGB-D cameras has boosted the applications in the field of scene understanding. However, as a fundamental scene understanding task, surface normal estimation from RGB-D data lacks thorough investigation. In this paper, a hierarchical fusion network with adaptive feature re-weighting is proposed for surface normal estimation from a single RGB-D image. Specifically, the features from color image and depth are successively integrated at multiple scales to ensure global surface smoothness while preserving visually salient details. Meanwhile, the depth features are re-weighted with a confidence map estimated from depth before merging into the color branch to avoid artifacts caused by input depth corruption. Additionally, a hybrid multi-scale loss function is designed to learn accurate normal estimation given noisy ground-truth dataset. Extensive experimental results validate the effectiveness of the fusion strategy and the loss design, outperforming state-of-the-art normal estimation schemes. 
### 80.Re-Identification Supervised Texture Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03385.pdf)
>  The estimation of 3D human body pose and shape from a single image has been extensively studied in recent years. However, the texture generation problem has not been fully discussed. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end learning strategy to generate textures of human bodies under the supervision of person re-identification. We render the synthetic images with textures extracted from the inputs and maximize the similarity between the rendered and input images by using the re-identification network as the perceptual metrics. Experiment results on pedestrian images show that our model can generate the texture from a single image and demonstrate that our textures are of higher quality than those generated by other available methods. Furthermore, we extend the application scope to other categories and explore the possible utilization of our generated textures. 
### 81.Visualization of Convolutional Neural Networks for Monocular Depth Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03380.pdf)
>  Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown great success on the task of monocular depth estimation. A fundamental yet unanswered question is: how CNNs can infer depth from a single image. Toward answering this question, we consider visualization of inference of a CNN by identifying relevant pixels of an input image to depth estimation. We formulate it as an optimization problem of identifying the smallest number of image pixels from which the CNN can estimate a depth map with the minimum difference from the estimate from the entire image. To cope with a difficulty with optimization through a deep CNN, we propose to use another network to predict those relevant image pixels in a forward computation. In our experiments, we first show the effectiveness of this approach, and then apply it to different depth estimation networks on indoor and outdoor scene datasets. The results provide several findings that help exploration of the above question. 
### 82.Unsupervised Person Image Generation with Semantic Parsing Transformation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03379.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address unsupervised pose-guided person image generation, which is known challenging due to non-rigid deformation. Unlike previous methods learning a rock-hard direct mapping between human bodies, we propose a new pathway to decompose the hard mapping into two more accessible subtasks, namely, semantic parsing transformation and appearance generation. Firstly, a semantic generative network is proposed to transform between semantic parsing maps, in order to simplify the non-rigid deformation learning. Secondly, an appearance generative network learns to synthesize semantic-aware textures. Thirdly, we demonstrate that training our framework in an end-to-end manner further refines the semantic maps and final results accordingly. Our method is generalizable to other semantic-aware person image generation tasks, \eg, clothing texture transfer and controlled image manipulation. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method on DeepFashion and Market-1501 datasets, especially in keeping the clothing attributes and better body shapes. 
### 83.Camera Lens Super-Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03378.pdf)
>  Existing methods for single image super-resolution (SR) are typically evaluated with synthetic degradation models such as bicubic or Gaussian downsampling. In this paper, we investigate SR from the perspective of camera lenses, named as CameraSR, which aims to alleviate the intrinsic tradeoff between resolution (R) and field-of-view (V) in realistic imaging systems. Specifically, we view the R-V degradation as a latent model in the SR process and learn to reverse it with realistic low- and high-resolution image pairs. To obtain the paired images, we propose two novel data acquisition strategies for two representative imaging systems (i.e., DSLR and smartphone cameras), respectively. Based on the obtained City100 dataset, we quantitatively analyze the performance of commonly-used synthetic degradation models, and demonstrate the superiority of CameraSR as a practical solution to boost the performance of existing SR methods. Moreover, CameraSR can be readily generalized to different content and devices, which serves as an advanced digital zoom tool in realistic imaging systems. Codes and datasets are available at <a href="https://github.com/ngchc/CameraSR">this https URL</a>. 
### 84.Blind Super-Resolution With Iterative Kernel Correction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03377.pdf)
>  Deep learning based methods have dominated super-resolution (SR) field due to their remarkable performance in terms of effectiveness and efficiency. Most of these methods assume that the blur kernel during downsampling is predefined/known (e.g., bicubic). However, the blur kernels involved in real applications are complicated and unknown, resulting in severe performance drop for the advanced SR methods. In this paper, we propose an Iterative Kernel Correction (IKC) method for blur kernel estimation in blind SR problem, where the blur kernels are unknown. We draw the observation that kernel mismatch could bring regular artifacts (either over-sharpening or over-smoothing), which can be applied to correct inaccurate blur kernels. Thus we introduce an iterative correction scheme -- IKC that achieves better results than direct kernel estimation. We further propose an effective SR network architecture using spatial feature transform (SFT) layers to handle multiple blur kernels, named SFTMD. Extensive experiments on synthetic and real-world images show that the proposed IKC method with SFTMD can provide visually favorable SR results and the state-of-the-art performance in blind SR problem. 
### 85.Modeling Point Clouds with Self-Attention and Gumbel Subset Sampling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03375.pdf)
>  Geometric deep learning is increasingly important thanks to the popularity of 3D sensors. Inspired by the recent advances in NLP domain, the self-attention transformer is introduced to consume the point clouds. We develop Point Attention Transformers (PATs), using a parameter-efficient Group Shuffle Attention (GSA) to replace the costly Multi-Head Attention. We demonstrate its ability to process size-varying inputs, and prove its permutation equivariance. Besides, prior work uses heuristics dependence on the input data (e.g., Furthest Point Sampling) to hierarchically select subsets of input points. Thereby, we for the first time propose an end-to-end learnable and task-agnostic sampling operation, named Gumbel Subset Sampling (GSS), to select a representative subset of input points. Equipped with Gumbel-Softmax, it produces a &#34;soft&#34; continuous subset in training phase, and a &#34;hard&#34; discrete subset in test phase. By selecting representative subsets in a hierarchical fashion, the networks learn a stronger representation of the input sets with lower computation cost. Experiments on classification and segmentation benchmarks show the effectiveness and efficiency of our methods. Furthermore, we propose a novel application, to process event camera stream as point clouds, and achieve a state-of-the-art performance on DVS128 Gesture Dataset. 
### 86.Towards Locally Consistent Object Counting with Constrained Multi-stage Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03373.pdf)
>  High-density object counting in surveillance scenes is challenging mainly due to the drastic variation of object scales. The prevalence of deep learning has largely boosted the object counting accuracy on several benchmark datasets. However, does the global counts really count? Armed with this question we dive into the predicted density map whose summation over the whole regions reports the global counts for more in-depth analysis. We observe that the object density map generated by most existing methods usually lacks of local consistency, i.e., counting errors in local regions exist unexpectedly even though the global count seems to well match with the ground-truth. Towards this problem, in this paper we propose a constrained multi-stage Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to jointly pursue locally consistent density map from two aspects. Different from most existing methods that mainly rely on the multi-column architectures of plain CNNs, we exploit a stacking formulation of plain CNNs. Benefited from the internal multi-stage learning process, the feature map could be repeatedly refined, allowing the density map to approach the ground-truth density distribution. For further refinement of the density map, we also propose a grid loss function. With finer local-region-based supervisions, the underlying model is constrained to generate locally consistent density values to minimize the training errors considering both the global and local counts accuracy. Experiments on two widely-tested object counting benchmarks with overall significant results compared with state-of-the-art methods demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. 
### 87.BridgeNet: A Continuity-Aware Probabilistic Network for Age Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03358.pdf)
>  Age estimation is an important yet very challenging problem in computer vision. Existing methods for age estimation usually apply a divide-and-conquer strategy to deal with heterogeneous data caused by the non-stationary aging process. However, the facial aging process is also a continuous process, and the continuity relationship between different components has not been effectively exploited. In this paper, we propose BridgeNet for age estimation, which aims to mine the continuous relation between age labels effectively. The proposed BridgeNet consists of local regressors and gating networks. Local regressors partition the data space into multiple overlapping subspaces to tackle heterogeneous data and gating networks learn continuity aware weights for the results of local regressors by employing the proposed bridge-tree structure, which introduces bridge connections into tree models to enforce the similarity between neighbor nodes. Moreover, these two components of BridgeNet can be jointly learned in an end-to-end way. We show experimental results on the MORPH II, FG-NET and Chalearn LAP 2015 datasets and find that BridgeNet outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 88.3D Dilated Multi-Fiber Network for Real-time Brain Tumor Segmentation in MRI  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03355.pdf)
>  Brain tumor segmentation plays a pivotal role in medical image processing. In this work, we aim to segment brain MRI volumes. 3D convolution neural networks (CNN) such as 3D U-Net and V-Net employing 3D convolutions to capture the correlation between adjacent slices have achieved impressive segmentation results. However, these 3D CNN architectures come with high computational overheads due to multiple layers of 3D convolutions, which may make these models prohibitive for practical large-scale applications. To this end, we propose a highly efficient 3D CNN to achieve real-time dense volumetric segmentation. The network leverages the 3D multi-fiber unit which consists of an ensemble of lightweight 3D convolutional networks to significantly reduce the computational cost. Moreover, 3D dilated convolutions are used to build multi-scale feature representations. Extensive experimental results on the BraTS-2018 challenge dataset show that the proposed architecture greatly reduces computation cost while maintaining high accuracy for brain tumor segmentation. Our code will be released soon. 
### 89.Progressive Pose Attention Transfer for Person Image Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03349.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new generative adversarial network for pose transfer, i.e., transferring the pose of a given person to a target pose. The generator of the network comprises a sequence of Pose-Attentional Transfer Blocks that each transfers certain regions it attends to, generating the person image progressively. Compared with those in previous works, our generated person images possess better appearance consistency and shape consistency with the input images, thus significantly more realistic-looking. The efficacy and efficiency of the proposed network are validated both qualitatively and quantitatively on Market-1501 and DeepFashion. Furthermore, the proposed architecture can generate training images for person re-identification, alleviating data insufficiency. Codes and models are available at: <a href="https://github.com/tengteng95/Pose-Transfer.git">this https URL</a>. 
### 90.Semantic Graph Convolutional Networks for 3D Human Pose Regression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03345.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of learning Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) for regression. Current architectures of GCNs are limited to the small receptive field of convolution filters and shared transformation matrix for each node. To address these limitations, we propose Semantic Graph Convolutional Networks (SemGCN), a novel neural network architecture that operates on regression tasks with graph-structured data. SemGCN learns to capture semantic information such as local and global node relationships, which is not explicitly represented in the graph. These semantic relationships can be learned through end-to-end training from the ground truth without additional supervision or hand-crafted rules. We further investigate applying SemGCN to 3D human pose regression. Our formulation is intuitive and sufficient since both 2D and 3D human poses can be represented as a structured graph encoding the relationships between joints in the skeleton of a human body. We carry out comprehensive studies to validate our method. The results prove that SemGCN outperforms state of the art while using 90% fewer parameters. 
### 91.360 Panorama Synthesis from a Sparse Set of Images with Unknown FOV  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03326.pdf)
>  360 images represent scenes captured in all possible viewing directions. They enable viewers to navigate freely around the scene and thus provide an immersive experience. Conversely, conventional images represent scenes in a single viewing direction. These images are captured with a small or limited field of view. As a result, only some parts of the scenes are observed, and valuable information about the surroundings is lost. We propose a learning-based approach that reconstructs the scene in 360 x180 from conventional images. This approach first estimates the field of view of input images relative to the panorama. The estimated field of view is then used as the prior for synthesizing a high-resolution 360 panoramic output. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach outperforms alternative method and is robust enough to synthesize real-world data (e.g. scenes captured using smartphones). 
### 92.Convolutional Relational Machine for Group Activity Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03308.pdf)
>  We present an end-to-end deep Convolutional Neural Network called Convolutional Relational Machine (CRM) for recognizing group activities that utilizes the information in spatial relations between individual persons in image or video. It learns to produce an intermediate spatial representation (activity map) based on individual and group activities. A multi-stage refinement component is responsible for decreasing the incorrect predictions in the activity map. Finally, an aggregation component uses the refined information to recognize group activities. Experimental results demonstrate the constructive contribution of the information extracted and represented in the form of the activity map. CRM shows advantages over state-of-the-art models on Volleyball and Collective Activity datasets. 
### 93.Revealing Scenes by Inverting Structure from Motion Reconstructions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03303.pdf)
>  Many 3D vision systems localize cameras within a scene using 3D point clouds. Such point clouds are often obtained using structure from motion (SfM), after which the images are discarded to preserve privacy. In this paper, we show, for the first time, that such point clouds retain enough information to reveal scene appearance and compromise privacy. We present a privacy attack that reconstructs color images of the scene from the point cloud. Our method is based on a cascaded U-Net that takes as input, a 2D multichannel image of the points rendered from a specific viewpoint containing point depth and optionally color and SIFT descriptors and outputs a color image of the scene from that viewpoint. Unlike previous feature inversion methods, we deal with highly sparse and irregular 2D point distributions and inputs where many point attributes are missing, namely keypoint orientation and scale, the descriptor image source and the 3D point visibility. We evaluate our attack algorithm on public datasets and analyze the significance of the point cloud attributes. Finally, we show that novel views can also be generated thereby enabling compelling virtual tours of the underlying scene. 
### 94.In the Wild Human Pose Estimation Using Explicit 2D Features and Intermediate 3D Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03289.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Network based approaches for monocular 3D human pose estimation usually require a large amount of training images with 3D pose annotations. While it is feasible to provide 2D joint annotations for large corpora of in-the-wild images with humans, providing accurate 3D annotations to such in-the-wild corpora is hardly feasible in practice. Most existing 3D labelled data sets are either synthetically created or feature in-studio images. 3D pose estimation algorithms trained on such data often have limited ability to generalize to real world scene diversity. We therefore propose a new deep learning based method for monocular 3D human pose estimation that shows high accuracy and generalizes better to in-the-wild scenes. It has a network architecture that comprises a new disentangled hidden space encoding of explicit 2D and 3D features, and uses supervision by a new learned projection model from predicted 3D pose. Our algorithm can be jointly trained on image data with 3D labels and image data with only 2D labels. It achieves state-of-the-art accuracy on challenging in-the-wild data. 
### 95.Weakly Supervised Video Moment Retrieval From Text Queries  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03282.pdf)
>  There have been a few recent methods proposed in text to video moment retrieval using natural language queries, but requiring full supervision during training. However, acquiring a large number of training videos with temporal boundary annotations for each text description is extremely time-consuming and often not scalable. In order to cope with this issue, in this work, we introduce the problem of learning from weak labels for the task of text to video moment retrieval. The weak nature of the supervision is because, during training, we only have access to the video-text pairs rather than the temporal extent of the video to which different text descriptions relate. We propose a joint visual-semantic embedding based framework that learns the notion of relevant segments from video using only video-level sentence descriptions. Specifically, our main idea is to utilize latent alignment between video frames and sentence descriptions using Text-Guided Attention (TGA). TGA is then used during the test phase to retrieve relevant moments. Experiments on two benchmark datasets demonstrate that our method achieves comparable performance to state-of-the-art fully supervised approaches. 
### 96.Prediction-Tracking-Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03280.pdf)
>  We introduce a prediction driven method for visual tracking and segmentation in videos. Instead of solely relying on matching with appearance cues for tracking, we build a predictive model which guides finding more accurate tracking regions efficiently. With the proposed prediction mechanism, we improve the model robustness against distractions and occlusions during tracking. We demonstrate significant improvements over state-of-the-art methods not only on visual tracking tasks (VOT 2016 and VOT 2018) but also on video segmentation datasets (DAVIS 2016 and DAVIS 2017). 
### 97.AMASS: Archive of Motion Capture as Surface Shapes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03278.pdf)
>  Large datasets are the cornerstone of recent advances in computer vision using deep learning. In contrast, existing human motion capture (mocap) datasets are small and the motions limited, hampering progress on learning models of human motion. While there are many different datasets available, they each use a different parameterization of the body, making it difficult to integrate them into a single meta dataset. To address this, we introduce AMASS, a large and varied database of human motion that unifies 15 different optical marker-based mocap datasets by representing them within a common framework and parameterization. We achieve this using a new method, MoSh++, that converts mocap data into realistic 3D human meshes represented by a rigged body model; here we use SMPL [doi:<a href="/ct?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdx.doi.org%2F10.1145%2F2816795.2818013&v=e6105ff3">10.1145/2816795.2818013</a>], which is widely used and provides a standard skeletal representation as well as a fully rigged surface mesh. The method works for arbitrary marker sets, while recovering soft-tissue dynamics and realistic hand motion. We evaluate MoSh++ and tune its hyperparameters using a new dataset of 4D body scans that are jointly recorded with marker-based mocap. The consistent representation of AMASS makes it readily useful for animation, visualization, and generating training data for deep learning. Our dataset is significantly richer than previous human motion collections, having more than 40 hours of motion data, spanning over 300 subjects, more than 11,000 motions, and will be publicly available to the research community. 
### 98.A Variational Auto-Encoder Model for Stochastic Point Processes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03273.pdf)
>  We propose a novel probabilistic generative model for action sequences. The model is termed the Action Point Process VAE (APP-VAE), a variational auto-encoder that can capture the distribution over the times and categories of action sequences. Modeling the variety of possible action sequences is a challenge, which we show can be addressed via the APP-VAE&#39;s use of latent representations and non-linear functions to parameterize distributions over which event is likely to occur next in a sequence and at what time. We empirically validate the efficacy of APP-VAE for modeling action sequences on the MultiTHUMOS and Breakfast datasets. 
### 99.Paying More Attention to Motion: Attention Distillation for Learning Video Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03249.pdf)
>  We address the challenging problem of learning motion representations using deep models for video recognition. To this end, we make use of attention modules that learn to highlight regions in the video and aggregate features for recognition. Specifically, we propose to leverage output attention maps as a vehicle to transfer the learned representation from a motion (flow) network to an RGB network. We systematically study the design of attention modules, and develop a novel method for attention distillation. Our method is evaluated on major action benchmarks, and consistently improves the performance of the baseline RGB network by a significant margin. Moreover, we demonstrate that our attention maps can leverage motion cues in learning to identify the location of actions in video frames. We believe our method provides a step towards learning motion-aware representations in deep models. 
### 100.ShapeMask: Learning to Segment Novel Objects by Refining Shape Priors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03239.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation aims to detect and segment individual objects in a scene. Most existing methods rely on precise mask annotations of every category. However, it is difficult and costly to segment objects in novel categories because a large number of mask annotations is required. We introduce ShapeMask, which learns the intermediate concept of object shape to address the problem of generalization in instance segmentation to novel categories. ShapeMask starts with a bounding box detection and gradually refines it by first estimating the shape of the detected object through a collection of shape priors. Next, ShapeMask refines the coarse shape into an instance level mask by learning instance embeddings. The shape priors provide a strong cue for object-like prediction, and the instance embeddings model the instance specific appearance information. ShapeMask significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art by 6.4 and 3.8 AP when learning across categories, and obtains competitive performance in the fully supervised setting. It is also robust to inaccurate detections, decreased model capacity, and small training data. Moreover, it runs efficiently with 150ms inference time and trains within 11 hours on TPUs. With a larger backbone model, ShapeMask increases the gap with state-of-the-art to 9.4 and 6.2 AP across categories. Code will be released. 
### 101.The Fishyscapes Benchmark: Measuring Blind Spots in Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03215.pdf)
>  Deep learning has enabled impressive progress in the accuracy of semantic segmentation. Yet, the ability to estimate uncertainty and detect failure is key for safety-critical applications like autonomous driving. Existing uncertainty estimates have mostly been evaluated on simple tasks, and it is unclear whether these methods generalize to more complex scenarios. We present Fishyscapes, the first public benchmark for uncertainty estimation in a real-world task of semantic segmentation for urban driving. It evaluates pixel-wise uncertainty estimates and covers the detection of both out-of-distribution objects and misclassifications. We adapt state-of-the-art methods to recent semantic segmentation models and compare approaches based on softmax confidence, Bayesian learning, and embedding density. A thorough evaluation of these methods reveals a clear gap to their alleged capabilities. Our results show that failure detection is far from solved even for ordinary situations, while our benchmark allows measuring advancements beyond the state-of-the-art. 
### 102.Semantic-Aware Knowledge Preservation for Zero-Shot Sketch-Based Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03208.pdf)
>  Sketch-based image retrieval (SBIR) is widely recognized as an important vision problem which implies a wide range of real-world applications. Recently, research interests arise in solving this problem under the more realistic and challenging setting of zero-shot learning. In this paper, we investigate this problem from the viewpoint of domain adaptation which we show is critical in improving feature embedding in the zero-shot scenario. Based on a framework which starts with a pre-trained model on ImageNet and fine-tunes it on the training set of SBIR benchmark, we advocate the importance of preserving previously acquired knowledge, e.g., the rich discriminative features learned from ImageNet, so as to improve the model&#39;s transfer ability. For this purpose, we design an approach named Semantic-Aware Knowledge prEservation (SAKE), which fine-tunes the pre-trained model in an economical way and leverages semantic information, e.g., inter-class relationship, to achieve the goal of knowledge preservation. Zero-shot experiments on two extended SBIR datasets, TU-Berlin and Sketchy, verify the superior performance of our approach. Extensive diagnostic experiments validate that knowledge preserved benefits SBIR in zero-shot settings, as a large fraction of the performance gain is from the more properly structured feature embedding for photo images. 
### 103.Image2StyleGAN: How to Embed Images Into the StyleGAN Latent Space?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03189.pdf)
>  We propose an efficient algorithm to embed a given image into the latent space of StyleGAN. This embedding enables semantic image editing operations that can be applied to existing photographs. Taking the StyleGAN trained on the FFHD dataset as an example, we show results for image morphing, style transfer, and expression transfer. Studying the results of the embedding algorithm provides valuable insights into the structure of the StyleGAN latent space. We propose a set of experiments to test what class of images can be embedded, how they are embedded, what latent space is suitable for embedding, and if the embedding is semantically meaningful. 
### 104.Probabilistic Regression of Rotations using Quaternion Averaging and a Deep Multi-Headed Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03182.pdf)
>  Accurate estimates of rotation are crucial to vision-based motion estimation in augmented reality and robotics. In this work, we present a method to extract probabilistic estimates of rotation from deep regression models. First, we build on prior work and argue that a multi-headed network structure we name HydraNet provides better calibrated uncertainty estimates than methods that rely on stochastic forward passes. Second, we extend HydraNet to targets that belong to the rotation group, SO(3), by regressing unit quaternions and using the tools of rotation averaging and uncertainty injection onto the manifold to produce three-dimensional covariances. Finally, we present results and analysis on a synthetic dataset, learn consistent orientation estimates on the 7-Scenes dataset, and show how we can use our learned covariances to fuse deep estimates of relative orientation with classical stereo visual odometry to improve localization on the KITTI dataset. 
### 105.Dynamics of Pedestrian Crossing Decisions Based on Vehicle Trajectories in Large-Scale Simulated and Real-World Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04202.pdf)
>  Humans, as both pedestrians and drivers, generally skillfully navigate traffic intersections. Despite the uncertainty, danger, and the non-verbal nature of communication commonly found in these interactions, there are surprisingly few collisions considering the total number of interactions. As the role of automation technology in vehicles grows, it becomes increasingly critical to understand the relationship between pedestrian and driver behavior: how pedestrians perceive the actions of a vehicle/driver and how pedestrians make crossing decisions. The relationship between time-to-arrival (TTA) and pedestrian gap acceptance (i.e., whether a pedestrian chooses to cross under a given window of time to cross) has been extensively investigated. However, the dynamic nature of vehicle trajectories in the context of non-verbal communication has not been systematically explored. Our work provides evidence that trajectory dynamics, such as changes in TTA, can be powerful signals in the non-verbal communication between drivers and pedestrians. Moreover, we investigate these effects in both simulated and real-world datasets, both larger than have previously been considered in literature to the best of our knowledge. 
### 106.Learning to Navigate Unseen Environments: Back Translation with Environmental Dropout  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04195.pdf)
>  A grand goal in AI is to build a robot that can accurately navigate based on natural language instructions, which requires the agent to perceive the scene, understand and ground language, and act in the real-world environment. One key challenge here is to learn to navigate in new environments that are unseen during training. Most of the existing approaches perform dramatically worse in unseen environments as compared to seen ones. In this paper, we present a generalizable navigational agent. Our agent is trained in two stages. The first stage is training via mixed imitation and reinforcement learning, combining the benefits from both off-policy and on-policy optimization. The second stage is fine-tuning via newly-introduced &#39;unseen&#39; triplets (environment, path, instruction). To generate these unseen triplets, we propose a simple but effective &#39;environmental dropout&#39; method to mimic unseen environments, which overcomes the problem of limited seen environment variability. Next, we apply semi-supervised learning (via back-translation) on these dropped-out environments to generate new paths and instructions. Empirically, we show that our agent is substantially better at generalizability when fine-tuned with these triplets, outperforming the state-of-art approaches by a large margin on the private unseen test set of the Room-to-Room task, and achieving the top rank on the leaderboard. 
### 107.Data-Driven Design for Fourier Ptychographic Microscopy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04175.pdf)
>  Fourier Ptychographic Microscopy (FPM) is a computational imaging method that is able to super-resolve features beyond the diffraction-limit set by the objective lens of a traditional microscope. This is accomplished by using synthetic aperture and phase retrieval algorithms to combine many measurements captured by an LED array microscope with programmable source patterns. FPM provides simultaneous large field-of-view and high resolution imaging, but at the cost of reduced temporal resolution, thereby limiting live cell applications. In this work, we learn LED source pattern designs that compress the many required measurements into only a few, with negligible loss in reconstruction quality or resolution. This is accomplished by recasting the super-resolution reconstruction as a Physics-based Neural Network and learning the experimental design to optimize the network&#39;s overall performance. Specifically, we learn LED patterns for different applications (e.g. amplitude contrast and quantitative phase imaging) and show that the designs we learn through simulation generalize well in the experimental setting. Further, we discuss a context-specific loss function, practical memory limitations, and interpretability of our learned designs. 
### 108.Large Margin Multi-modal Multi-task Feature Extraction for Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04088.pdf)
>  The features used in many image analysis-based applications are frequently of very high dimension. Feature extraction offers several advantages in high-dimensional cases, and many recent studies have used multi-task feature extraction approaches, which often outperform single-task feature extraction approaches. However, most of these methods are limited in that they only consider data represented by a single type of feature, even though features usually represent images from multiple modalities. We therefore propose a novel large margin multi-modal multi-task feature extraction (LM3FE) framework for handling multi-modal features for image classification. In particular, LM3FE simultaneously learns the feature extraction matrix for each modality and the modality combination coefficients. In this way, LM3FE not only handles correlated and noisy features, but also utilizes the complementarity of different modalities to further help reduce feature redundancy in each modality. The large margin principle employed also helps to extract strongly predictive features so that they are more suitable for prediction (e.g., classification). An alternating algorithm is developed for problem optimization and each sub-problem can be efficiently solved. Experiments on two challenging real-world image datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method. 
### 109.Transferring Knowledge Fragments for Learning Distance Metric from A Heterogeneous Domain  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04061.pdf)
>  The goal of transfer learning is to improve the performance of target learning task by leveraging information (or transferring knowledge) from other related tasks. In this paper, we examine the problem of transfer distance metric learning (DML), which usually aims to mitigate the label information deficiency issue in the target DML. Most of the current Transfer DML (TDML) methods are not applicable to the scenario where data are drawn from heterogeneous domains. Some existing heterogeneous transfer learning (HTL) approaches can learn target distance metric by usually transforming the samples of source and target domain into a common subspace. However, these approaches lack flexibility in real-world applications, and the learned transformations are often restricted to be linear. This motivates us to develop a general flexible heterogeneous TDML (HTDML) framework. In particular, any (linear/nonlinear) DML algorithms can be employed to learn the source metric beforehand. Then the pre-learned source metric is represented as a set of knowledge fragments to help target metric learning. We show how generalization error in the target domain could be reduced using the proposed transfer strategy, and develop novel algorithm to learn either linear or nonlinear target metric. Extensive experiments on various applications demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. 
### 110.Pushing the right boundaries matters! Wasserstein Adversarial Training for Label Noise  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03936.pdf)
>  Noisy labels often occur in vision datasets, especially when they are issued from crowdsourcing or Web scraping. In this paper, we propose a new regularization method which enables one to learn robust classifiers in presence of noisy data. To achieve this goal, we augment the virtual adversarial loss with a Wasserstein distance. This distance allows us to take into account specific relations between classes by leveraging on the geometric properties of this optimal transport distance. Notably, we encode the class similarities in the ground cost that is used to compute the Wasserstein distance. As a consequence, we can promote smoothness between classes that are very dissimilar, while keeping the classification decision function sufficiently complex for similar classes. While designing this ground cost can be left as a problem-specific modeling task, we show in this paper that using the semantic relations between classes names already leads to good results.Our proposed Wasserstein Adversarial Training (WAT) outperforms state of the art on four datasets corrupted with noisy labels: three classical benchmarks and one real case in remote sensing image semantic segmentation. 
### 111.Multi-view Vector-valued Manifold Regularization for Multi-label Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03921.pdf)
>  In computer vision, image datasets used for classification are naturally associated with multiple labels and comprised of multiple views, because each image may contain several objects (e.g. pedestrian, bicycle and tree) and is properly characterized by multiple visual features (e.g. color, texture and shape). Currently available tools ignore either the label relationship or the view complementary. Motivated by the success of the vector-valued function that constructs matrix-valued kernels to explore the multi-label structure in the output space, we introduce multi-view vector-valued manifold regularization (MV$\mathbf{^3}$MR) to integrate multiple features. MV$\mathbf{^3}$MR exploits the complementary property of different features and discovers the intrinsic local geometry of the compact support shared by different features under the theme of manifold regularization. We conducted extensive experiments on two challenging, but popular datasets, PASCAL VOC&#39; 07 (VOC) and MIR Flickr (MIR), and validated the effectiveness of the proposed MV$\mathbf{^3}$MR for image classification. 
### 112.On Learning Density Aware Embeddings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03911.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning algorithms have been utilized to learn discriminative and generalizable models which are effective for classifying unseen classes. In this paper, a novel noise tolerant deep metric learning algorithm is proposed. The proposed method, termed as Density Aware Metric Learning, enforces the model to learn embeddings that are pulled towards the most dense region of the clusters for each class. It is achieved by iteratively shifting the estimate of the center towards the dense region of the cluster thereby leading to faster convergence and higher generalizability. In addition to this, the approach is robust to noisy samples in the training data, often present as outliers. Detailed experiments and analysis on two challenging cross-modal face recognition databases and two popular object recognition databases exhibit the efficacy of the proposed approach. It has superior convergence, requires lesser training time, and yields better accuracies than several popular deep metric learning methods. 
### 113.The EntOptLayout Cytoscape plug-in for the efficient visualization of major protein complexes in protein-protein interaction and signalling networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03910.pdf)
>  Motivation: Network visualizations of complex biological datasets usually result in &#39;hairball&#39; images, which do not discriminate network modules. Results: We present the EntOptLayout Cytoscape plug-in based on a recently developed network representation theory. The plug-in provides an efficient visualization of network modules, which represent major protein complexes in protein-protein interaction and signalling networks. Importantly, the tool gives a quality score of the network visualization by calculating the information loss between the input data and the visual representation showing a 3- to 25-fold improvement over conventional methods. Availability: The plug-in (running on Windows, Linux, or Mac OS) and its tutorial (both in written and video forms) can be downloaded freely under the terms of the MIT license from: <a href="http://apps.cytoscape.org/apps/entoptlayout">this http URL</a>. Contact: csermely.peter@med.semmelweis-univ.hu 
### 114.Multi-View Matrix Completion for Multi-Label Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03901.pdf)
>  There is growing interest in multi-label image classification due to its critical role in web-based image analytics-based applications, such as large-scale image retrieval and browsing. Matrix completion has recently been introduced as a method for transductive (semi-supervised) multi-label classification, and has several distinct advantages, including robustness to missing data and background noise in both feature and label space. However, it is limited by only considering data represented by a single-view feature, which cannot precisely characterize images containing several semantic concepts. To utilize multiple features taken from different views, we have to concatenate the different features as a long vector. But this concatenation is prone to over-fitting and often leads to very high time complexity in MC based image classification. Therefore, we propose to weightedly combine the MC outputs of different views, and present the multi-view matrix completion (MVMC) framework for transductive multi-label image classification. To learn the view combination weights effectively, we apply a cross validation strategy on the labeled set. In the learning process, we adopt the average precision (AP) loss, which is particular suitable for multi-label image classification. A least squares loss formulation is also presented for the sake of efficiency, and the robustness of the algorithm based on the AP loss compared with the other losses is investigated. Experimental evaluation on two real world datasets (PASCAL VOC&#39; 07 and MIR Flickr) demonstrate the effectiveness of MVMC for transductive (semi-supervised) multi-label image classification, and show that MVMC can exploit complementary properties of different features and output-consistent labels for improved multi-label image classification. 
### 115.Centripetal SGD for Pruning Very Deep Convolutional Networks with Complicated Structure  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03837.pdf)
>  The redundancy is widely recognized in Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which enables to remove unimportant filters from convolutional layers so as to slim the network with acceptable performance drop. Inspired by the linear and combinational properties of convolution, we seek to make some filters increasingly close and eventually identical for network slimming. To this end, we propose Centripetal SGD (C-SGD), a novel optimization method, which can train several filters to collapse into a single point in the parameter hyperspace. When the training is completed, the removal of the identical filters can trim the network with NO performance loss, thus no finetuning is needed. By doing so, we have partly solved an open problem of constrained filter pruning on CNNs with complicated structure, where some layers must be pruned following others. Our experimental results on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet have justified the effectiveness of C-SGD-based filter pruning. Moreover, we have provided empirical evidences for the assumption that the redundancy in deep neural networks helps the convergence of training by showing that a redundant CNN trained using C-SGD outperforms a normally trained counterpart with the equivalent width. 
### 116.JumpReLU: A Retrofit Defense Strategy for Adversarial Attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03750.pdf)
>  It has been demonstrated that very simple attacks can fool highly-sophisticated neural network architectures. In particular, so-called adversarial examples, constructed from perturbations of input data that are small or imperceptible to humans but lead to different predictions, may lead to an enormous risk in certain critical applications. In light of this, there has been a great deal of work on developing adversarial training strategies to improve model robustness. These training strategies are very expensive, in both human and computational time. To complement these approaches, we propose a very simple and inexpensive strategy which can be used to ``retrofit&#39;&#39; a previously-trained network to improve its resilience to adversarial attacks. More concretely, we propose a new activation function---the JumpReLU---which, when used in place of a ReLU in an already-trained model, leads to a trade-off between predictive accuracy and robustness. This trade-off is controlled by the jump size, a hyper-parameter which can be tuned during the validation stage. Our empirical results demonstrate that this increases model robustness, protecting against adversarial attacks with substantially increased levels of perturbations. This is accomplished simply by retrofitting existing networks with our JumpReLU activation function, without the need for retraining the model. Additionally, we demonstrate that adversarially trained (robust) models can greatly benefit from retrofitting. 
### 117.Stokes Inversion based on Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03714.pdf)
>  Spectropolarimetric inversions are routinely used in the field of Solar Physics for the extraction of physical information from observations. The application to two-dimensional fields of view often requires the use of supercomputers with parallelized inversion codes. Even in this case, the computing time spent on the process is still very large. Our aim is to develop a new inversion code based on the application of convolutional neural networks that can quickly provide a three-dimensional cube of thermodynamical and magnetic properties from the interpretation of two-dimensional maps of Stokes profiles. We train two different architectures of fully convolutional neural networks. To this end, we use the synthetic Stokes profiles obtained from two snapshots of three-dimensional magneto-hydrodynamic numerical simulations of different structures of the solar atmosphere. We provide an extensive analysis of the new inversion technique, showing that it infers the thermodynamical and magnetic properties with a precision comparable to that of standard inversion techniques. However, it provides several key improvements: our method is around one million times faster, it returns a three-dimensional view of the physical properties of the region of interest in geometrical height, it provides quantities that cannot be obtained otherwise (pressure and Wilson depression) and the inferred properties are decontaminated from the blurring effect of instrumental point spread functions for free. The code is provided for free on a specific repository, with options for training and evaluation. 
### 118.On-line and on-board planning and perception for quadrupedal locomotion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03693.pdf)
>  We present a legged motion planning approach for quadrupedal locomotion over challenging terrain. We decompose the problem into body action planning and footstep planning. We use a lattice representation together with a set of defined body movement primitives for computing a body action plan. The lattice representation allows us to plan versatile movements that ensure feasibility for every possible plan. To this end, we propose a set of rules that define the footstep search regions and footstep sequence given a body action. We use Anytime Repairing A* (ARA*) search that guarantees bounded suboptimal plans. Our main contribution is a planning approach that generates on-line versatile movements. Experimental trials demonstrate the performance of our planning approach in a set of challenging terrain conditions. The terrain information and plans are computed on-line and on-board. 
### 119.Convex-Concave Backtracking for Inertial Bregman Proximal Gradient Algorithms in Non-Convex Optimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03537.pdf)
>  Backtracking line-search is an old yet powerful strategy for finding better step size to be used in proximal gradient algorithms. The main principle is to locally find a simple convex upper bound of the objective function, which in turn controls the step size that is used. In case of inertial proximal gradient algorithms, the situation becomes much more difficult and usually leads to very restrictive rules on the extrapolation parameter. In this paper, we show that the extrapolation parameter can be controlled by locally finding also a simple concave lower bound of the objective function. This gives rise to a double convex-concave backtracking procedure which allows for an adaptive and optimal choice of both the step size and extrapolation parameters. We apply this procedure to the class of inertial Bregman proximal gradient methods, and prove that any sequence generated converges globally to critical points of the function at hand. Numerical experiments on a number of challenging non-convex problems in image processing and machine learning were conducted and show the power of combining inertial step and double backtracking strategy in achieving improved performances. 
### 120.Instance-Level Meta Normalization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03516.pdf)
>  This paper presents a normalization mechanism called Instance-Level Meta Normalization (ILM~Norm) to address a learning-to-normalize problem. ILM~Norm learns to predict the normalization parameters via both the feature feed-forward and the gradient back-propagation paths. ILM~Norm provides a meta normalization mechanism and has several good properties. It can be easily plugged into existing instance-level normalization schemes such as Instance Normalization, Layer Normalization, or Group Normalization. ILM~Norm normalizes each instance individually and therefore maintains high performance even when small mini-batch is used. The experimental results show that ILM~Norm well adapts to different network architectures and tasks, and it consistently improves the performance of the original models. The code is available at url{<a href="https://github.com/Gasoonjia/ILM-Norm">this https URL</a>. 
### 121.Effective and Efficient Dropout for Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03392.pdf)
>  Machine-learning-based data-driven applications have become ubiquitous, e.g., health-care analysis and database system optimization. Big training data and large (deep) models are crucial for good performance. Dropout has been widely used as an efficient regularization technique to prevent large models from overfitting. However, many recent works show that dropout does not bring much performance improvement for deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs), a popular deep learning model for data-driven applications. In this paper, we formulate existing dropout methods for CNNs under the same analysis framework to investigate the failures. We attribute the failure to the conflicts between the dropout and the batch normalization operation after it. Consequently, we propose to change the order of the operations, which results in new building blocks of CNNs.Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets CIFAR, SVHN and ImageNet have been conducted to compare the existing building blocks and our new building blocks with different dropout methods. The results confirm the superiority of our proposed building blocks due to the regularization and implicit model ensemble effect of dropout. In particular, we improve over state-of-the-art CNNs with significantly better performance of 3.17%, 16.15%, 1.44%, 21.46% error rate on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, SVHN and ImageNet respectively. 
### 122.Lucid Explanations Help: Using a Human-AI Image-Guessing Game to Evaluate Machine Explanation Helpfulness  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03285.pdf)
>  While there have been many proposals on how to make AI algorithms more transparent, few have attempted to evaluate the impact of AI explanations on human performance on a task using AI. We propose a Twenty-Questions style collaborative image guessing game, Explanation-assisted Guess Which (ExAG) as a method of evaluating the efficacy of explanations in the context of Visual Question Answering (VQA) - the task of answering natural language questions on images. We study the effect of VQA agent explanations on the game performance as a function of explanation type and quality. We observe that &#34;effective&#34; explanations are not only conducive to game performance (by almost 22% for &#34;excellent&#34; rated explanations), but also helpful when VQA system answers are erroneous or noisy (by almost 30% compared to no explanations). We also see that players develop a preference for explanations even when penalized and that the explanations are mostly rated as &#34;helpful&#34;. 
### 123.Is &#39;Unsupervised Learning&#39; a Misconceived Term?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.03259.pdf)
>  Is all of machine learning supervised to some degree? The field of machine learning has traditionally been categorized pedagogically into $supervised~vs~unsupervised~learning$; where supervised learning has typically referred to learning from labeled data, while unsupervised learning has typically referred to learning from unlabeled data. In this paper, we assert that all machine learning is in fact supervised to some degree, and that the scope of supervision is necessarily commensurate to the scope of learning potential. In particular, we argue that clustering algorithms such as k-means, and dimensionality reduction algorithms such as principal component analysis, variational autoencoders, and deep belief networks are each internally supervised by the data itself to learn their respective representations of its features. Furthermore, these algorithms are not capable of external inference until their respective outputs (clusters, principal components, or representation codes) have been identified and externally labeled in effect. As such, they do not suffice as examples of unsupervised learning. We propose that the categorization `supervised vs unsupervised learning&#39; be dispensed with, and instead, learning algorithms be categorized as either $internally~or~externally~supervised$ (or both). We believe this change in perspective will yield new fundamental insights into the structure and character of data and of learning algorithms. 
### 124.Transfer Learning with Sparse Associative Memories  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02420.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel layer designed to be used as the output of pre-trained neural networks in the context of classification. Based on Associative Memories, this layer can help design Deep Neural Networks which support incremental learning and that can be (partially) trained in real time on embedded devices. Experiments on the ImageNet dataset and other different domain specific datasets show that it is possible to design more flexible and faster-to-train Neural Networks at the cost of a slight decrease in accuracy. 
