# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 10 Apr 2019
### 1.Prime Sample Attention in Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04821.pdf)
>  It is a common paradigm in object detection frameworks to treat all samples equally and target at maximizing the performance on average. In this work, we revisit this paradigm through a careful study on how different samples contribute to the overall performance measured in terms of mAP. Our study suggests that the samples in each mini-batch are neither independent nor equally important, and therefore a better classifier on average does not necessarily mean higher mAP. Motivated by this study, we propose the notion of Prime Samples, those that play a key role in driving the detection performance. We further develop a simple yet effective sampling and learning strategy called PrIme Sample Attention (PISA) that directs the focus of the training process towards such samples. Our experiments demonstrate that it is often more effective to focus on prime samples than hard samples when training a detector. Particularly, On the MSCOCO dataset, PISA outperforms the random sampling baseline and hard mining schemes, e.g. OHEM and Focal Loss, consistently by more than 1% on both single-stage and two-stage detectors, with a strong backbone ResNeXt-101. 
### 2.Learning from Videos with Deep Convolutional LSTM Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04817.pdf)
>  This paper explores the use of convolution LSTMs to simultaneously learn spatial- and temporal-information in videos. A deep network of convolutional LSTMs allows the model to access the entire range of temporal information at all spatial scales of the data. We describe our experiments involving convolution LSTMs for lipreading that demonstrate the model is capable of selectively choosing which spatiotemporal scales are most relevant for a particular dataset. The proposed deep architecture also holds promise in other applications where spatiotemporal features play a vital role without having to specifically cater the design of the network for the particular spatiotemporal features existent within the problem. For the Lip Reading in the Wild (LRW) dataset, our model slightly outperforms the previous state of the art (83.4% vs. 83.0%) and sets the new state of the art at 85.2% when the model is pretrained on the Lip Reading Sentences (LRS2) dataset. 
### 3.Unsupervised 3D Pose Estimation with Geometric Self-Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04812.pdf)
>  We present an unsupervised learning approach to recover 3D human pose from 2D skeletal joints extracted from a single image. Our method does not require any multi-view image data, 3D skeletons, correspondences between 2D-3D points, or use previously learned 3D priors during training. A lifting network accepts 2D landmarks as inputs and generates a corresponding 3D skeleton estimate. During training, the recovered 3D skeleton is reprojected on random camera viewpoints to generate new &#34;synthetic&#34; 2D poses. By lifting the synthetic 2D poses back to 3D and re-projecting them in the original camera view, we can define self-consistency loss both in 3D and in 2D. The training can thus be self supervised by exploiting the geometric self-consistency of the lift-reproject-lift process. We show that self-consistency alone is not sufficient to generate realistic skeletons, however adding a 2D pose discriminator enables the lifter to output valid 3D poses. Additionally, to learn from 2D poses &#34;in the wild&#34;, we train an unsupervised 2D domain adapter network to allow for an expansion of 2D data. This improves results and demonstrates the usefulness of 2D pose data for unsupervised 3D lifting. Results on Human3.6M dataset for 3D human pose estimation demonstrate that our approach improves upon the previous unsupervised methods by 30% and outperforms many weakly supervised approaches that explicitly use 3D data. 
### 4.CMIR-NET : A Deep Learning Based Model For Cross-Modal Retrieval In Remote Sensing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04794.pdf)
>  We address the problem of cross-modal information retrieval in the domain of remote sensing. In particular, we are interested in two application scenarios: i) cross-modal retrieval between panchromatic (PAN) and multi-spectral imagery, and ii) multi-label image retrieval between very high resolution (VHR) images and speech based label annotations. Notice that these multi-modal retrieval scenarios are more challenging than the traditional uni-modal retrieval approaches given the inherent differences in distributions between the modalities. However, with the growing availability of multi-source remote sensing data and the scarcity of enough semantic annotations, the task of multi-modal retrieval has recently become extremely important. In this regard, we propose a novel deep neural network based architecture which is considered to learn a discriminative shared feature space for all the input modalities, suitable for semantically coherent information retrieval. Extensive experiments are carried out on the benchmark large-scale PAN - multi-spectral DSRSID dataset and the multi-label UC-Merced dataset. Together with the Merced dataset, we generate a corpus of speech signals corresponding to the labels. Superior performance with respect to the current state-of-the-art is observed in all the cases. 
### 5.Multi-Agent Tensor Fusion for Contextual Trajectory Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04776.pdf)
>  Accurate prediction of others&#39; trajectories is essential for autonomous driving. Trajectory prediction is challenging because it requires reasoning about agents&#39; past movements, social interactions among varying numbers and kinds of agents, constraints from the scene context, and the stochasticity of human behavior. Our approach models these interactions and constraints jointly within a novel Multi-Agent Tensor Fusion (MATF) network. Specifically, the model encodes multiple agents&#39; past trajectories and the scene context into a Multi-Agent Tensor, then applies convolutional fusion to capture multiagent interactions while retaining the spatial structure of agents and the scene context. The model decodes recurrently to multiple agents&#39; future trajectories, using adversarial loss to learn stochastic predictions. Experiments on both highway driving and pedestrian crowd datasets show that the model achieves state-of-the-art prediction accuracy. 
### 6.Adversarial Learning of Disentangled and Generalizable Representations for Visual Attributes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04772.pdf)
>  Recently, a multitude of methods for image-to-image translation has demonstrated impressive results on problems such as multi-domain or multi-attribute transfer. The vast majority of such works leverages the strengths of adversarial learning in tandem with deep convolutional autoencoders to achieve realistic results by well-capturing the target data distribution. Nevertheless, the most prominent representatives of this class of methods do not facilitate semantic structure in the latent space, and usually rely on domain labels for test-time transfer. This leads to rigid models that are unable to capture the variance of each domain label. In this light, we propose a novel adversarial learning method that (i) facilitates latent structure by disentangling sources of variation based on a novel cost function and (ii) encourages learning generalizable, continuous and transferable latent codes that can be utilized for tasks such as unpaired multi-domain image transfer and synthesis, without requiring labelled test data. The resulting representations can be combined in arbitrary ways to generate novel hybrid imagery, as for example generating mixtures of identities. We demonstrate the merits of the proposed method by a set of qualitative and quantitative experiments on popular databases, where our method clearly outperforms other, state-of-the-art methods. Code for reproducing our results can be found at: <a href="https://github.com/james-oldfield/adv-attribute-disentanglement">this https URL</a> 
### 7.User-Controllable Multi-Texture Synthesis with Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04751.pdf)
>  We propose a novel multi-texture synthesis model based on generative adversarial networks (GANs) with a user-controllable mechanism. The user control ability allows to explicitly specify the texture which should be generated by the model. This property follows from using an encoder part which learns a latent representation for each texture from the dataset. To ensure a dataset coverage, we use an adversarial loss function that penalizes for incorrect reproductions of a given texture. In experiments, we show that our model can learn descriptive texture manifolds for large datasets and from raw data such as a collection of high-resolution photos. Moreover, we apply our method to produce 3D textures and show that it outperforms existing baselines. 
### 8.Segmentation of Skeletal Muscle in Thigh Dixon MRI Based on Texture Analysis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04747.pdf)
>  Segmentation of skeletal muscles in Magnetic Resonance Images (MRI) is essential for the study of muscle physiology and diagnosis of muscular pathologies. However, manual segmentation of large MRI volumes is a time-consuming task. The state-of-the-art on algorithms for muscle segmentation in MRI is still not very extensive and is somewhat database-dependent. In this paper, an automated segmentation method based on AdaBoost classification of local texture features is presented. The texture descriptor consists of the Histogram of Oriented Gradients (HOG), Wavelet-based features, and a set of statistical measures computed from both the original and the Laplacian of Gaussian filtering of the grayscale MRI. The classifier performance suggests that texture analysis may be a helpful tool for designing a generalized and automated MRI muscle segmentation framework. Furthermore, an atlas-based approach to individual muscle segmentation is also described in this paper. The atlas is obtained by overlaying the muscle segmentation ground truth, provided by a radiologist, after image alignment using an appropriate affine transformation. Then, it is used to define the muscle labels upon the AdaBoost binary segmentation. The developed atlas method provides reasonable results when an accurate muscle tissue segmentation was obtained. 
### 9.Cross-Modal Self-Attention Network for Referring Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04745.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of referring image segmentation. Given an input image and a natural language expression, the goal is to segment the object referred by the language expression in the image. Existing works in this area treat the language expression and the input image separately in their representations. They do not sufficiently capture long-range correlations between these two modalities. In this paper, we propose a cross-modal self-attention (CMSA) module that effectively captures the long-range dependencies between linguistic and visual features. Our model can adaptively focus on informative words in the referring expression and important regions in the input image. In addition, we propose a gated multi-level fusion module to selectively integrate self-attentive cross-modal features corresponding to different levels in the image. This module controls the information flow of features at different levels. We validate the proposed approach on four evaluation datasets. Our proposed approach consistently outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 10.Learning Across Tasks and Domains  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04744.pdf)
>  Recent works have proven that many relevant visual tasks are closely related one to another. Yet, this connection is seldom deployed in practice due to the lack of practical methodologies to transfer learned concepts across different trains. In this work, we introduce a novel adaptation framework that can operate across both task and domains. Our framework learns how to transfer knowledge across tasks in a completely supervised domain (e.g., synthetic data) and use this knowledge on a different domain where we have only partial supervision (e.g., real data). Our proposal is complementary to existing domain adaptation techniques and extends them to cross tasks scenarios providing additional performance gains. We prove the effectiveness of our framework across two challenging tasks (i.e., monocular depth estimation and semantic segmentation) and four different domains (Synthia, Carla, Kitti, and Cityscapes). 
### 11.Generative Models for Novelty Detection: Applications in abnormal event and situational change detection from data series  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04741.pdf)
>  Novelty detection is a process for distinguishing the observations that differ in some respect from the observations that the model is trained on. Novelty detection is one of the fundamental requirements of a good classification or identification system since sometimes the test data contains observations that were not known at the training time. In other words, the novelty class is often is not presented during the training phase or not well defined. <br />In light of the above, one-class classifiers and generative methods can efficiently model such problems. However, due to the unavailability of data from the novelty class, training an end-to-end model is a challenging task itself. Therefore, detecting the Novel classes in unsupervised and semi-supervised settings is a crucial step in such tasks. <br />In this thesis, we propose several methods to model the novelty detection problem in unsupervised and semi-supervised fashion. The proposed frameworks applied to different related applications of anomaly and outlier detection tasks. The results show the superior of our proposed methods in compare to the baselines and state-of-the-art methods. 
### 12.Label Propagation for Deep Semi-supervised Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04717.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning is becoming increasingly important because it can combine data carefully labeled by humans with abundant unlabeled data to train deep neural networks. Classic methods on semi-supervised learning that have focused on transductive learning have not been fully exploited in the inductive framework followed by modern deep learning. The same holds for the manifold assumption---that similar examples should get the same prediction. In this work, we employ a transductive label propagation method that is based on the manifold assumption to make predictions on the entire dataset and use these predictions to generate pseudo-labels for the unlabeled data and train a deep neural network. At the core of the transductive method lies a nearest neighbor graph of the dataset that we create based on the embeddings of the same network.Therefore our learning process iterates between these two steps. We improve performance on several datasets especially in the few labels regime and show that our work is complementary to current state of the art. 
### 13.End-to-End Learning-Based Ultrasound Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04696.pdf)
>  Ultrasound imaging is caught between the quest for the highest image quality, and the necessity for clinical usability. Our contribution is two-fold: First, we propose a novel fully convolutional neural network for ultrasound reconstruction. Second, a custom loss function tailored to the modality is employed for end-to-end training of the network. We demonstrate that training a network to map time-delayed raw data to a minimum variance ground truth offers performance increases in a clinical environment. In doing so, a path is explored towards improved clinically viable ultrasound reconstruction. The proposed method displays both promising image reconstruction quality and acquisition frequency when integrated for live ultrasound scanning. A clinical evaluation is conducted to verify the diagnostic usefulness of the proposed method in a clinical setting. 
### 14.Fast Accurate CT Metal Artifact Reduction using Data Domain Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04691.pdf)
>  Filtered back projection (FBP) is the most widely used method for image reconstruction in X-ray computed tomography (CT) scanners. The presence of hyper-dense materials in a scene, such as metals, can strongly attenuate X-rays, producing severe streaking artifacts in the reconstruction. These metal artifacts can greatly limit subsequent object delineation and information extraction from the images, restricting their diagnostic value. This problem is particularly acute in the security domain, where there is great heterogeneity in the objects that can appear in a scene, highly accurate decisions must be made quickly. The standard practical approaches to reducing metal artifacts in CT imagery are either simplistic non-adaptive interpolation-based projection data completion methods or direct image post-processing methods. These standard approaches have had limited success. Motivated primarily by security applications, we present a new deep-learning-based metal artifact reduction (MAR) approach that tackles the problem in the projection data domain. We treat the projection data corresponding to metal objects as missing data and train an adversarial deep network to complete the missing data in the projection domain. The subsequent complete projection data is then used with FBP to reconstruct image intended to be free of artifacts. This new approach results in an end-to-end MAR algorithm that is computationally efficient so practical and fits well into existing CT workflows allowing easy adoption in existing scanners. Training deep networks can be challenging, and another contribution of our work is to demonstrate that training data generated using an accurate X-ray simulation can be used to successfully train the deep network when combined with transfer learning using limited real data sets. We demonstrate the effectiveness and potential of our algorithm on simulated and real examples. 
### 15.Action Recognition from Single Timestamp Supervision in Untrimmed Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04689.pdf)
>  Recognising actions in videos relies on labelled supervision during training, typically the start and end times of each action instance. This supervision is not only subjective, but also expensive to acquire. Weak video-level supervision has been successfully exploited for recognition in untrimmed videos, however it is challenged when the number of different actions in training videos increases. We propose a method that is supervised by single timestamps located around each action instance, in untrimmed videos. We replace expensive action bounds with sampling distributions initialised from these timestamps. We then use the classifier&#39;s response to iteratively update the sampling distributions. We demonstrate that these distributions converge to the location and extent of discriminative action segments. We evaluate our method on three datasets for fine-grained recognition, with increasing number of different actions per video, and show that single timestamps offer a reasonable compromise between recognition performance and labelling effort, performing comparably to full temporal supervision. Our update method improves top-1 test accuracy by up to 5.4%. across the evaluated datasets. 
### 16.Multi-Target Embodied Question Answering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04686.pdf)
>  Embodied Question Answering (EQA) is a relatively new task where an agent is asked to answer questions about its environment from egocentric perception. EQA makes the fundamental assumption that every question, e.g., &#34;what color is the car?&#34;, has exactly one target (&#34;car&#34;) being inquired about. This assumption puts a direct limitation on the abilities of the agent. We present a generalization of EQA - Multi-Target EQA (MT-EQA). Specifically, we study questions that have multiple targets in them, such as &#34;Is the dresser in the bedroom bigger than the oven in the kitchen?&#34;, where the agent has to navigate to multiple locations (&#34;dresser in bedroom&#34;, &#34;oven in kitchen&#34;) and perform comparative reasoning (&#34;dresser&#34; bigger than &#34;oven&#34;) before it can answer a question. Such questions require the development of entirely new modules or components in the agent. To address this, we propose a modular architecture composed of a program generator, a controller, a navigator, and a VQA module. The program generator converts the given question into sequential executable sub-programs; the navigator guides the agent to multiple locations pertinent to the navigation-related sub-programs; and the controller learns to select relevant observations along its path. These observations are then fed to the VQA module to predict the answer. We perform detailed analysis for each of the model components and show that our joint model can outperform previous methods and strong baselines by a significant margin. 
### 17.Domain-Symmetric Networks for Adversarial Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04663.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation aims to learn a model of classifier for unlabeled samples on the target domain, given training data of labeled samples on the source domain. Impressive progress is made recently by learning invariant features via domain-adversarial training of deep networks. In spite of the recent progress, domain adaptation is still limited in achieving the invariance of feature distributions at a finer category level. To this end, we propose in this paper a new domain adaptation method called Domain-Symmetric Networks (SymNets). The proposed SymNet is based on a symmetric design of source and target task classifiers, based on which we also construct an additional classifier that shares with them its layer neurons. To train the SymNet, we propose a novel adversarial learning objective whose key design is based on a two-level domain confusion scheme, where the category-level confusion loss improves over the domain-level one by driving the learning of intermediate network features to be invariant at the corresponding categories of the two domains. Both domain discrimination and domain confusion are implemented based on the constructed additional classifier. Since target samples are unlabeled, we also propose a scheme of cross-domain training to help learn the target classifier. Careful ablation studies show the efficacy of our proposed method. In particular, based on commonly used base networks, our SymNets achieve the new state of the art on three benchmark domain adaptation datasets. 
### 18.Holistic and Comprehensive Annotation of Clinically Significant Findings on Diverse CT Images: Learning from Radiology Reports and Label Ontology  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04661.pdf)
>  In radiologists&#39; routine work, one major task is to read a medical image, e.g., a CT scan, find significant lesions, and describe them in the radiology report. In this paper, we study the lesion description or annotation problem. Given a lesion image, our aim is to predict a comprehensive set of relevant labels, such as the lesion&#39;s body part, type, and attributes, which may assist downstream fine-grained diagnosis. To address this task, we first design a deep learning module to extract relevant semantic labels from the radiology reports associated with the lesion images. With the images and text-mined labels, we propose a lesion annotation network (LesaNet) based on a multilabel convolutional neural network (CNN) to learn all labels holistically. Hierarchical relations and mutually exclusive relations between the labels are leveraged to improve the label prediction accuracy. The relations are utilized in a label expansion strategy and a relational hard example mining algorithm. We also attach a simple score propagation layer on LesaNet to enhance recall and explore implicit relation between labels. Multilabel metric learning is combined with classification to enable interpretable prediction. We evaluated LesaNet on the public DeepLesion dataset, which contains over 32K diverse lesion images. Experiments show that LesaNet can precisely annotate the lesions using an ontology of 171 fine-grained labels with an average AUC of 0.9344. 
### 19.Towards Analyzing Semantic Robustness of Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04621.pdf)
>  Despite the impressive performance of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) on various vision tasks, they still exhibit erroneous high sensitivity toward semantic primitives (e.g. object pose). We propose a theoretically grounded analysis for DNNs robustness in the semantic space. We qualitatively analyze different DNNs semantic robustness by visualizing the DNN global behavior as semantic maps and observe interesting behavior of some DNNs. Since generating these semantic maps does not scale well with the dimensionality of the semantic space, we develop a bottom-up approach to detect robust regions of DNNs. To achieve this, We formalize the problem of finding robust semantic regions of the network as optimization of integral bounds and develop expressions for update directions of the region bounds. We use our developed formulations to quantitatively evaluate the semantic robustness of different famous network architectures. We show through extensive experimentation that several networks, though trained on the same dataset and while enjoying comparable accuracy, they do not necessarily perform similarly in semantic robustness. For example, InceptionV3 is more accurate despite being less semantically robust than ResNet50. We hope that this tool will serve as the first milestone towards understanding the semantic robustness of DNNs. 
### 20.Gaussian YOLOv3: An Accurate and Fast Object Detector Using Localization Uncertainty for Autonomous Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04620.pdf)
>  The use of object detection algorithms is becoming increasingly important in autonomous vehicles, and object detection at high accuracy and a fast inference speed is essential for safe autonomous driving. A false positive (FP) from a false localization during autonomous driving can lead to fatal accidents and hinder safe and efficient driving. Therefore, a detection algorithm that can cope with mislocalizations is required in autonomous driving applications. This paper proposes a method for improving the detection accuracy while supporting a real-time operation by modeling the bounding box (bbox) of YOLOv3, which is the most representative of one-stage detectors, with a Gaussian parameter and redesigning the loss function. In addition, this paper proposes a method for predicting the localization uncertainty that indicates the reliability of bbox. By using the predicted localization uncertainty during the detection process, the proposed schemes can significantly reduce the FP and increase the true positive (TP), thereby improving the accuracy. Compared to a conventional YOLOv3, the proposed algorithm, Gaussian YOLOv3, improves the mean average precision (mAP) by 3.09 and 3.5 on the KITTI and Berkeley deep drive (BDD) datasets, respectively. In addition, on the same datasets, the proposed algorithm can reduce the FP by 41.40% and 40.62%, and increase the TP by 7.26% and 4.3%, respectively. Nevertheless, the proposed algorithm is capable of real-time detection at faster than 42 frames per second (fps). 
### 21.Rain O&#39;er Me: Synthesizing real rain to derain with data distillation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04605.pdf)
>  We present a supervised technique for learning to remove rain from images without using synthetic rain software. The method is based on a two-stage data distillation approach: 1) A rainy image is first paired with a coarsely derained version using on a simple filtering technique (&#34;rain-to-clean&#34;). 2) Then a clean image is randomly matched with the rainy soft-labeled pair. Through a shared deep neural network, the rain that is removed from the first image is then added to the clean image to generate a second pair (&#34;clean-to-rain&#34;). The neural network simultaneously learns to map both images such that high resolution structure in the clean images can inform the deraining of the rainy images. Demonstrations show that this approach can address those visual characteristics of rain not easily synthesized by software in the usual way. 
### 22.3DPeople: Modeling the Geometry of Dressed Humans  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04571.pdf)
>  Recent advances in 3D human shape estimation build upon parametric representations that model very well the shape of the naked body, but are not appropriate to represent the clothing geometry. In this paper, we present an approach to model dressed humans and predict their geometry from single images. We contribute in three fundamental aspects of the problem, namely, a new dataset, a novel shape parameterization algorithm and an end-to-end deep generative network for predicting shape. <br />First, we present 3DPeople, a large-scale synthetic dataset with 2.5 Million photo-realistic images of 80 subjects performing 70 activities and wearing diverse outfits. Besides providing textured 3D meshes for clothes and body, we annotate the dataset with segmentation masks, skeletons, depth, normal maps and optical flow. All this together makes 3DPeople suitable for a plethora of tasks. <br />We then represent the 3D shapes using 2D geometry images. To build these images we propose a novel spherical area-preserving parameterization algorithm based on the optimal mass transportation method. We show this approach to improve existing spherical maps which tend to shrink the elongated parts of the full body models such as the arms and legs, making the geometry images incomplete. <br />Finally, we design a multi-resolution deep generative network that, given an input image of a dressed human, predicts his/her geometry image (and thus the clothed body shape) in an end-to-end manner. We obtain very promising results in jointly capturing body pose and clothing shape, both for synthetic validation and on the wild images. 
### 23.Deep Virtual Networks for Memory Efficient Inference of Multiple Tasks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04562.pdf)
>  Deep networks consume a large amount of memory by their nature. A natural question arises can we reduce that memory requirement whilst maintaining performance. In particular, in this work we address the problem of memory efficient learning for multiple tasks. To this end, we propose a novel network architecture producing multiple networks of different configurations, termed deep virtual networks (DVNs), for different tasks. Each DVN is specialized for a single task and structured hierarchically. The hierarchical structure, which contains multiple levels of hierarchy corresponding to different numbers of parameters, enables multiple inference for different memory budgets. The building block of a deep virtual network is based on a disjoint collection of parameters of a network, which we call a unit. The lowest level of hierarchy in a deep virtual network is a unit, and higher levels of hierarchy contain lower levels&#39; units and other additional units. Given a budget on the number of parameters, a different level of a deep virtual network can be chosen to perform the task. A unit can be shared by different DVNs, allowing multiple DVNs in a single network. In addition, shared units provide assistance to the target task with additional knowledge learned from another tasks. This cooperative configuration of DVNs makes it possible to handle different tasks in a memory-aware manner. Our experiments show that the proposed method outperforms existing approaches for multiple tasks. Notably, ours is more efficient than others as it allows memory-aware inference for all tasks. 
### 24.Assessing Capsule Networks With Biased Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04555.pdf)
>  Machine learning based methods achieves impressive results in object classification and detection. Utilizing representative data of the visual world during the training phase is crucial to achieve good performance with such data driven approaches. However, it not always possible to access bias-free datasets thus, robustness to biased data is a desirable property for a learning system. Capsule Networks have been introduced recently and their tolerance to biased data has received little attention. This paper aims to fill this gap and proposes two experimental scenarios to assess the tolerance to imbalanced training data and to determine the generalization performance of a model with unfamiliar affine transformations of the images. This paper assesses dynamic routing and EM routing based Capsule Networks and proposes a comparison with Convolutional Neural Networks in the two tested scenarios. The presented results provide new insights into the behaviour of capsule networks. 
### 25.BoLTVOS: Box-Level Tracking for Video Object Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04552.pdf)
>  We approach video object segmentation (VOS) by splitting the task into two sub-tasks: bounding box level tracking, followed by bounding box segmentation. Following this paradigm, we present BoLTVOS (Box-Level Tracking for VOS), which consists of an R-CNN detector conditioned on the first-frame bounding box to detect the object of interest, a temporal consistency rescoring algorithm, and a Box2Seg network that converts bounding boxes to segmentation masks. BoLTVOS performs VOS using only the firstframe bounding box without the mask. We evaluate our approach on DAVIS 2017 and YouTube-VOS, and show that it outperforms all methods that do not perform first-frame fine-tuning. We further present BoLTVOS-ft, which learns to segment the object in question using the first-frame mask while it is being tracked, without increasing the runtime. BoLTVOS-ft outperforms PReMVOS, the previously best performing VOS method on DAVIS 2016 and YouTube-VOS, while running up to 45 times faster. Our bounding box tracker also outperforms all previous short-term and longterm trackers on the bounding box level tracking datasets OTB 2015 and LTB35. 
### 26.Graphonomy: Universal Human Parsing via Graph Transfer Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04536.pdf)
>  Prior highly-tuned human parsing models tend to fit towards each dataset in a specific domain or with discrepant label granularity, and can hardly be adapted to other human parsing tasks without extensive re-training. In this paper, we aim to learn a single universal human parsing model that can tackle all kinds of human parsing needs by unifying label annotations from different domains or at various levels of granularity. This poses many fundamental learning challenges, e.g. discovering underlying semantic structures among different label granularity, performing proper transfer learning across different image domains, and identifying and utilizing label redundancies across related tasks. <br />To address these challenges, we propose a new universal human parsing agent, named &#34;Graphonomy&#34;, which incorporates hierarchical graph transfer learning upon the conventional parsing network to encode the underlying label semantic structures and propagate relevant semantic information. In particular, Graphonomy first learns and propagates compact high-level graph representation among the labels within one dataset via Intra-Graph Reasoning, and then transfers semantic information across multiple datasets via Inter-Graph Transfer. Various graph transfer dependencies (\eg, similarity, linguistic knowledge) between different datasets are analyzed and encoded to enhance graph transfer capability. By distilling universal semantic graph representation to each specific task, Graphonomy is able to predict all levels of parsing labels in one system without piling up the complexity. Experimental results show Graphonomy effectively achieves the state-of-the-art results on three human parsing benchmarks as well as advantageous universal human parsing performance. 
### 27.Uncertainty Measures and Prediction Quality Rating for the Semantic Segmentation of Nested Multi Resolution Street Scene Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04516.pdf)
>  In the semantic segmentation of street scenes the reliability of the prediction and therefore uncertainty measures are of highest interest. We present a method that generates for each input image a hierarchy of nested crops around the image center and presents these, all re-scaled to the same size, to a neural network for semantic segmentation. The resulting softmax outputs are then post processed such that we can investigate mean and variance over all image crops as well as mean and variance of uncertainty heat maps obtained from pixel-wise uncertainty measures, like the entropy, applied to each crop&#39;s softmax output. In our tests, we use the publicly available DeepLabv3+ MobilenetV2 network (trained on the Cityscapes dataset) and demonstrate that the incorporation of crops improves the quality of the prediction and that we obtain more reliable uncertainty measures. These are then aggregated over predicted segments for either classifying between IoU=0 and IoU&gt;0 (meta classification) or predicting the IoU via linear regression (meta regression). The latter yields reliable performance estimates for segmentation networks, in particular useful in the absence of ground truth. For the task of meta classification we obtain a classification accuracy of $81.93\%$ and an AUROC of $89.89\%$. For meta regression we obtain an $R^2$ value of $84.77\%$. These results yield significant improvements compared to other approaches. 
### 28.High-Resolution Representations for Labeling Pixels and Regions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04514.pdf)
>  High-resolution representation learning plays an essential role in many vision problems, e.g., pose estimation and semantic segmentation. The high-resolution network (HRNet)~\cite{SunXLW19}, recently developed for human pose estimation, maintains high-resolution representations through the whole process by connecting high-to-low resolution convolutions in \emph{parallel} and produces strong high-resolution representations by repeatedly conducting fusions across parallel convolutions. <br />In this paper, we conduct a further study on high-resolution representations by introducing a simple yet effective modification and apply it to a wide range of vision tasks. We augment the high-resolution representation by aggregating the (upsampled) representations from all the parallel convolutions rather than only the representation from the high-resolution convolution as done in~\cite{SunXLW19}. This simple modification leads to stronger representations, evidenced by superior results. We show top results in semantic segmentation on Cityscapes, LIP, and PASCAL Context, and facial landmark detection on AFLW, COFW, $300$W, and WFLW. In addition, we build a multi-level representation from the high-resolution representation and apply it to the Faster R-CNN object detection framework and the extended frameworks. The proposed approach achieves superior results to existing single-model networks on COCO object detection. The code and models have been publicly available at \url{<a href="https://github.com/HRNet">this https URL</a>}. 
### 29.Convolutional Temporal Attention Model for Video-based Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04492.pdf)
>  The goal of video-based person re-identification is to match two input videos, so that the distance of the two videos is small if two videos contain the same person. A common approach for person re-identification is to first extract image features for all frames in the video, then aggregate all the features to form a video-level feature. The video-level features of two videos can then be used to calculate the distance of the two videos. In this paper, we propose a temporal attention approach for aggregating frame-level features into a video-level feature vector for re-identification. Our method is motivated by the fact that not all frames in a video are equally informative. We propose a fully convolutional temporal attention model for generating the attention scores. Fully convolutional network (FCN) has been widely used in semantic segmentation for generating 2D output maps. In this paper, we formulate video based person reidentification as a sequence labeling problem like semantic segmentation. We establish a connection between them and modify FCN to generate attention scores to represent the importance of each frame. Extensive experiments on three different benchmark datasets (i.e. iLIDS-VID, PRID-2011 and SDU-VID) show that our proposed method outperforms other state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 30.UG$^{2+}$ Track 2: A Collective Benchmark Effort for Evaluating and Advancing Image Understanding in Poor Visibility Environments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04474.pdf)
>  The UG$^{2+}$ challenge in IEEE CVPR 2019 aims to evoke a comprehensive discussion and exploration about how low-level vision techniques can benefit the high-level automatic visual recognition in various scenarios. In its second track, we focus on object or face detection in poor visibility enhancements caused by bad weathers (haze, rain) and low light conditions. While existing enhancement methods are empirically expected to help the high-level end task, that is observed to not always be the case in practice. To provide a more thorough examination and fair comparison, we introduce three benchmark sets collected in real-world hazy, rainy, and low-light conditions, respectively, with annotate objects/faces annotated. To our best knowledge, this is the first and currently largest effort of its kind. Baseline results by cascading existing enhancement and detection models are reported, indicating the highly challenging nature of our new data as well as the large room for further technical innovations. We expect a large participation from the broad research community to address these challenges together. 
### 31.MVF-Net: Multi-View 3D Face Morphable Model Regression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04473.pdf)
>  We address the problem of recovering the 3D geometry of a human face from a set of facial images in multiple views. While recent studies have shown impressive progress in 3D Morphable Model (3DMM) based facial reconstruction, the settings are mostly restricted to a single view. There is an inherent drawback in the single-view setting: the lack of reliable 3D constraints can cause unresolvable ambiguities. We in this paper explore 3DMM-based shape recovery in a different setting, where a set of multi-view facial images are given as input. A novel approach is proposed to regress 3DMM parameters from multi-view inputs with an end-to-end trainable Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Multiview geometric constraints are incorporated into the network by establishing dense correspondences between different views leveraging a novel self-supervised view alignment loss. The main ingredient of the view alignment loss is a differentiable dense optical flow estimator that can backpropagate the alignment errors between an input view and a synthetic rendering from another input view, which is projected to the target view through the 3D shape to be inferred. Through minimizing the view alignment loss, better 3D shapes can be recovered such that the synthetic projections from one view to another can better align with the observed image. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method over other 3DMM methods. 
### 32.Intra-Ensemble in Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04466.pdf)
>  Improving model performance is always the key problem in machine learning including deep learning. However, stand-alone neural networks always suffer from marginal effect when stacking more layers. At the same time, ensemble is a useful technique to further enhance model performance. Nevertheless, training several independent stand-alone deep neural networks costs multiple resources. In this work, we propose Intra-Ensemble, an end-to-end strategy with stochastic training operations to train several sub-networks simultaneously within one neural network. Additional parameter size is marginal since the majority of parameters are mutually shared. Meanwhile, stochastic training increases the diversity of sub-networks with weight sharing, which significantly enhances intra-ensemble performance. Extensive experiments prove the applicability of intra-ensemble on various kinds of datasets and network architectures. Our models achieve comparable results with the state-of-the-art architectures on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100. 
### 33.SPM-Tracker: Series-Parallel Matching for Real-Time Visual Object Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04452.pdf)
>  The greatest challenge facing visual object tracking is the simultaneous requirements on robustness and discrimination power. In this paper, we propose a SiamFC-based tracker, named SPM-Tracker, to tackle this challenge. The basic idea is to address the two requirements in two separate matching stages. Robustness is strengthened in the coarse matching (CM) stage through generalized training while discrimination power is enhanced in the fine matching (FM) stage through a distance learning network. The two stages are connected in series as the input proposals of the FM stage are generated by the CM stage. They are also connected in parallel as the matching scores and box location refinements are fused to generate the final results. This innovative series-parallel structure takes advantage of both stages and results in superior performance. The proposed SPM-Tracker, running at 120fps on GPU, achieves an AUC of 0.687 on OTB-100 and an EAO of 0.434 on VOT-16, exceeding other real-time trackers by a notable margin. 
### 34.Ultrafast Video Attention Prediction with Coupled Knowledge Distillation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04449.pdf)
>  Large convolutional neural network models have recently demonstrated impressive performance on video attention prediction. Conventionally, these models are with intensive computation and large memory. To address these issues, we design an extremely light-weight network with ultrafast speed, named UVA-Net. The network is constructed based on depth-wise convolutions and takes low-resolution images as input. However, this straight-forward acceleration method will decrease performance dramatically. To this end, we propose a coupled knowledge distillation strategy to augment and train the network effectively. With this strategy, the model can further automatically discover and emphasize implicit useful cues contained in the data. Both spatial and temporal knowledge learned by the high-resolution complex teacher networks also can be distilled and transferred into the proposed low-resolution light-weight spatiotemporal network. Experimental results show that the performance of our model is comparable to ten state-of-the-art models in video attention prediction, while it costs only 0.68 MB memory footprint, runs about 10,106 FPS on GPU and 404 FPS on CPU, which is 206 times faster than previous models. 
### 35.Semi-Supervised Segmentation of Salt Bodies in Seismic Images using an Ensemble of Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04445.pdf)
>  Seismic image analysis plays a crucial role in a wide range of industrial applications and has been receiving significant attention. One of the essential challenges of seismic imaging is detecting subsurface salt structure which is indispensable for identification of hydrocarbon reservoirs and drill path planning. Unfortunately, exact identification of large salt deposits is notoriously difficult and professional seismic imaging often requires expert human interpretation of salt bodies. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successfully applied in many fields, and several attempts have been made in the field of seismic imaging. But the high cost of manual annotations by geophysics experts and scarce publicly available labeled datasets hinder the performance of the existing CNN-based methods. In this work, we propose a semi-supervised method for segmentation (delineation) of salt bodies in seismic images which utilizes unlabeled data for multi-round self-training. To reduce error amplification during self-training we propose a scheme which uses an ensemble of CNNs. We show that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art on the TGS Salt Identification Challenge dataset and is ranked the first among the 3234 competing methods. 
### 36.Multimodal Style Transfer via Graph Cuts  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04443.pdf)
>  An assumption widely used in recent neural style transfer methods is that image styles can be described by global statics of deep features like Gram or covariance matrices. Alternative approaches have represented styles by decomposing them into local pixel or neural patches. Despite the recent progress, most existing methods treat the semantic patterns of style image uniformly, resulting unpleasing results on complex styles. In this paper, we introduce a more flexible and general universal style transfer technique: multimodal style transfer (MST). MST explicitly considers the matching of semantic patterns in content and style images. Specifically, the style image features are clustered into sub-style components, which are matched with local content features under a graph cut formulation. A reconstruction network is trained to transfer each sub-style and render the final stylized result. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superior effectiveness, robustness and flexibility of MST. 
### 37.Reliable and Efficient Image Cropping: A Grid Anchor based Approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04441.pdf)
>  Image cropping aims to improve the composition as well as aesthetic quality of an image by removing extraneous content from it. Existing image cropping databases provide only one or several human-annotated bounding boxes as the groundtruth, which cannot reflect the non-uniqueness and flexibility of image cropping in practice. The employed evaluation metrics such as intersection-over-union cannot reliably reflect the real performance of cropping models, either. This work revisits the problem of image cropping, and presents a grid anchor based formulation by considering the special properties and requirements (e.g., local redundancy, content preservation, aspect ratio) of image cropping. Our formulation reduces the searching space of candidate crops from millions to less than one hundred. Consequently, a grid anchor based cropping benchmark is constructed, where all crops of each image are annotated and more reliable evaluation metrics are defined. We also design an effective and lightweight network module, which simultaneously considers the region of interest and region of discard for more accurate image cropping. Our model can stably output visually pleasing crops for images of different scenes and run at a speed of 125 FPS. Code and dataset are available at: <a href="https://github.com/HuiZeng/Grid-Anchor-based-Image-Cropping">this https URL</a>. 
### 38.Efficient Decision-based Black-box Adversarial Attacks on Face Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04433.pdf)
>  Face recognition has obtained remarkable progress in recent years due to the great improvement of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, deep CNNs are vulnerable to adversarial examples, which can cause fateful consequences in real-world face recognition applications with security-sensitive purposes. Adversarial attacks are widely studied as they can identify the vulnerability of the models before they are deployed. In this paper, we evaluate the robustness of state-of-the-art face recognition models in the decision-based black-box attack setting, where the attackers have no access to the model parameters and gradients, but can only acquire hard-label predictions by sending queries to the target model. This attack setting is more practical in real-world face recognition systems. To improve the efficiency of previous methods, we propose an evolutionary attack algorithm, which can model the local geometries of the search directions and reduce the dimension of the search space. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method that induces a minimum perturbation to an input face image with fewer queries. We also apply the proposed method to attack a real-world face recognition system successfully. 
### 39.Label Super Resolution with Inter-Instance Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04429.pdf)
>  For the task of semantic segmentation, high-resolution (pixel-level) ground truth is very expensive to collect, especially for high resolution images such as gigapixel pathology images. On the other hand, collecting low resolution labels (labels for a block of pixels) for these high resolution images is much more cost efficient. Conventional methods trained on these low-resolution labels are only capable of giving low-resolution predictions. The existing state-of-the-art label super resolution (LSR) method is capable of predicting high resolution labels, using only low-resolution supervision, given the joint distribution between low resolution and high resolution labels. However, it does not consider the inter-instance variance which is crucial in the ideal mathematical formulation. In this work, we propose a novel loss function modeling the inter-instance variance. We test our method on two real world applications: cell detection in multiplex immunohistochemistry (IHC) images, and infiltrating breast cancer region segmentation in histopathology slides. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our method. 
### 40.3D Point Cloud Denoising via Deep Neural Network based Local Surface Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04427.pdf)
>  We present a neural-network-based architecture for 3D point cloud denoising called neural projection denoising (NPD). In our previous work, we proposed a two-stage denoising algorithm, which first estimates reference planes and follows by projecting noisy points to estimated reference planes. Since the estimated reference planes are inevitably noisy, multi-projection is applied to stabilize the denoising performance. NPD algorithm uses a neural network to estimate reference planes for points in noisy point clouds. With more accurate estimations of reference planes, we are able to achieve better denoising performances with only one-time projection. To the best of our knowledge, NPD is the first work to denoise 3D point clouds with deep learning techniques. To conduct the experiments, we sample 40000 point clouds from the 3D data in ShapeNet to train a network and sample 350 point clouds from the 3D data in ModelNet10 to test. Experimental results show that our algorithm can estimate normal vectors of points in noisy point clouds. Comparing to five competitive methods, the proposed algorithm achieves better denoising performance and produces much smaller variances. 
### 41.FPGA/DNN Co-Design: An Efficient Design Methodology for IoT Intelligence on the Edge  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04421.pdf)
>  While embedded FPGAs are attractive platforms for DNN acceleration on edge-devices due to their low latency and high energy efficiency, the scarcity of resources of edge-scale FPGA devices also makes it challenging for DNN deployment. In this paper, we propose a simultaneous FPGA/DNN co-design methodology with both bottom-up and top-down approaches: a bottom-up hardware-oriented DNN model search for high accuracy, and a top-down FPGA accelerator design considering DNN-specific characteristics. We also build an automatic co-design flow, including an Auto-DNN engine to perform hardware-oriented DNN model search, as well as an Auto-HLS engine to generate synthesizable C code of the FPGA accelerator for explored DNNs. We demonstrate our co-design approach on an object detection task using PYNQ-Z1 FPGA. Results show that our proposed DNN model and accelerator outperform the state-of-the-art FPGA designs in all aspects including Intersection-over-Union (IoU) (6.2% higher), frames per second (FPS) (2.48X higher), power consumption (40% lower), and energy efficiency (2.5X higher). Compared to GPU-based solutions, our designs deliver similar accuracy but consume far less energy. 
### 42.Embryo staging with weakly-supervised region selection and dynamically-decoded predictions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04419.pdf)
>  To optimize clinical outcomes, fertility clinics must strategically select which embryos to transfer. Common selection heuristics are formulas expressed in terms of the durations required to reach various developmental milestones, quantities historically annotated manually by experienced embryologists based on time-lapse EmbryoScope videos. We propose a new method for automatic embryo staging that exploits several sources of structure in this time-lapse data. First, noting that in each image the embryo occupies a small subregion, we jointly train a region proposal network with the downstream classifier to isolate the embryo. Notably, because we lack ground-truth bounding boxes, our we weakly supervise the region proposal network optimizing its parameters via reinforcement learning to improve the downstream classifier&#39;s loss. Moreover, noting that embryos reaching the blastocyst stage progress monotonically through earlier stages, we develop a dynamic-programming-based decoder that post-processes our predictions to select the most likely monotonic sequence of developmental stages. Our methods outperform vanilla residual networks and rival the best numbers in contemporary papers, as measured by both per-frame accuracy and transition prediction error, despite operating on smaller data than many. 
### 43.3D Quantum Cuts for Automatic Segmentation of Porous Media in Tomography Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04412.pdf)
>  Binary segmentation of volumetric images of porous media is a crucial step towards gaining a deeper understanding of the factors governing biogeochemical processes at minute scales. Contemporary work primarily revolves around primitive techniques based on global or local adaptive thresholding that have known common drawbacks in image segmentation. Moreover, absence of a unified benchmark prohibits quantitative evaluation, which further clouds the impact of existing methodologies. In this study, we tackle the issue on both fronts. Firstly, by drawing parallels with natural image segmentation, we propose a novel, and automatic segmentation technique, 3D Quantum Cuts (QCuts-3D) grounded on a state-of-the-art spectral clustering technique. Secondly, we curate and present a publicly available dataset of 68 multiphase volumetric images of porous media with diverse solid geometries, along with voxel-wise ground truth annotations for each constituting phase. We provide comparative evaluations between QCuts-3D and the current state-of-the-art over this dataset across a variety of evaluation metrics. The proposed systematic approach achieves a 26% increase in AUROC while achieving a substantial reduction of the computational complexity of the state-of-the-art competitors. Moreover, statistical analysis reveals that the proposed method exhibits significant robustness against the compositional variations of porous media. 
### 44.Context-Aware Query Selection for Active Learning in Event Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04406.pdf)
>  Activity recognition is a challenging problem with many practical applications. In addition to the visual features, recent approaches have benefited from the use of context, e.g., inter-relationships among the activities and objects. However, these approaches require data to be labeled, entirely available beforehand, and not designed to be updated continuously, which make them unsuitable for surveillance applications. In contrast, we propose a continuous-learning framework for context-aware activity recognition from unlabeled video, which has two distinct advantages over existing methods. First, it employs a novel active-learning technique that not only exploits the informativeness of the individual activities but also utilizes their contextual information during query selection; this leads to significant reduction in expensive manual annotation effort. Second, the learned models can be adapted online as more data is available. We formulate a conditional random field model that encodes the context and devise an information-theoretic approach that utilizes entropy and mutual information of the nodes to compute the set of most informative queries, which are labeled by a human. These labels are combined with graphical inference techniques for incremental updates. We provide a theoretical formulation of the active learning framework with an analytic solution. Experiments on six challenging datasets demonstrate that our framework achieves superior performance with significantly less manual labeling. 
### 45.Embodied Visual Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04404.pdf)
>  Passive visual systems typically fail to recognize objects in the amodal setting where they are heavily occluded. In contrast, humans and other embodied agents have the ability to move in the environment, and actively control the viewing angle to better understand object shapes and semantics. In this work, we introduce the task of Embodied Visual Recognition (EVR): An agent is instantiated in a 3D environment close to an occluded target object, and is free to move in the environment to perform object classification, amodal object localization, and amodal object segmentation. To address this, we develop a new model called Embodied Mask R-CNN, for agents to learn to move strategically to improve their visual recognition abilities. We conduct experiments using the House3D environment. Experimental results show that: 1) agents with embodiment (movement) achieve better visual recognition performance than passive ones; 2) in order to improve visual recognition abilities, agents can learn strategical moving paths that are different from shortest paths. 
### 46.Towards Universal Object Detection by Domain Attention  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04402.pdf)
>  Despite increasing efforts on universal representations for visual recognition, few have addressed object detection. In this paper, we develop an effective and efficient universal object detection system that is capable of working on various image domains, from human faces and traffic signs to medical CT images. Unlike multi-domain models, this universal model does not require prior knowledge of the domain of interest. This is achieved by the introduction of a new family of adaptation layers, based on the principles of squeeze and excitation, and a new domain-attention mechanism. In the proposed universal detector, all parameters and computations are shared across domains, and a single network processes all domains all the time. Experiments, on a newly established universal object detection benchmark of 11 diverse datasets, show that the proposed detector outperforms a bank of individual detectors, a multi-domain detector, and a baseline universal detector, with a 1.3x parameter increase over a single-domain baseline detector. The code and benchmark are available at <a href="http://www.svcl.ucsd.edu/projects/universal-detection/">this http URL</a>. 
### 47.Controlling Steering Angle for Cooperative Self-driving Vehicles utilizing CNN and LSTM-based Deep Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04375.pdf)
>  A fundamental challenge in autonomous vehicles is adjusting the steering angle at different road conditions. Recent state-of-the-art solutions addressing this challenge include deep learning techniques as they provide end-to-end solution to predict steering angles directly from the raw input images with higher accuracy. Most of these works ignore the temporal dependencies between the image frames. In this paper, we tackle the problem of utilizing multiple sets of images shared between two autonomous vehicles to improve the accuracy of controlling the steering angle by considering the temporal dependencies between the image frames. This problem has not been studied in the literature widely. We present and study a new deep architecture to predict the steering angle automatically by using Long-Short-Term-Memory (LSTM) in our deep architecture. Our deep architecture is an end-to-end network that utilizes CNN, LSTM and fully connected (FC) layers and it uses both present and futures images (shared by a vehicle ahead via Vehicle-to-Vehicle (V2V) communication) as input to control the steering angle. Our model demonstrates the lowest error when compared to the other existing approaches in the literature. 
### 48.Improved Embeddings with Easy Positive Triplet Mining  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04370.pdf)
>  Deep metric learning seeks to define an embedding where semantically similar images are embedded to nearby locations, and semantically dissimilar images are embedded to distant locations. Substantial work has focused on loss functions and strategies to learn these embeddings by pushing images from the same class as close together in the embedding space as possible. In this paper, we propose an alternative, loosened embedding strategy that requires the embedding function only map each training image to the most similar examples from the same class, an approach we call &#34;Easy Positive&#34; mining. We provide a collection of experiments and visualizations that highlight that this Easy Positive mining leads to embeddings that are more flexible and generalize better to new unseen data. This simple mining strategy yields recall performance that exceeds state of the art approaches (including those with complicated loss functions and ensemble methods) on image retrieval datasets including CUB, Stanford Online Products, In-Shop Clothes and Hotels-50K. 
### 49.A Robust Visual System for Small Target Motion Detection Against Cluttered Moving Backgrounds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04363.pdf)
>  Monitoring small objects against cluttered moving backgrounds is a huge challenge to future robotic vision systems. As a source of inspiration, insects are quite apt at searching for mates and tracking prey -- which always appear as small dim speckles in the visual field. The exquisite sensitivity of insects for small target motion, as revealed recently, is coming from a class of specific neurons called small target motion detectors (STMDs). Although a few STMD-based models have been proposed, these existing models only use motion information for small target detection and cannot discriminate small targets from small-target-like background features (named as fake features). To address this problem, this paper proposes a novel visual system model (STMD+) for small target motion detection, which is composed of four subsystems -- ommatidia, motion pathway, contrast pathway and mushroom body. Compared to existing STMD-based models, the additional contrast pathway extracts directional contrast from luminance signals to eliminate false positive background motion. The directional contrast and the extracted motion information by the motion pathway are integrated in the mushroom body for small target discrimination. Extensive experiments showed the significant and consistent improvements of the proposed visual system model over existing STMD-based models against fake features. 
### 50.Heterogeneous Memory Enhanced Multimodal Attention Model for Video Question Answering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04357.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end trainable Video Question Answering (VideoQA) framework with three major components: 1) a new heterogeneous memory which can effectively learn global context information from appearance and motion features; 2) a redesigned question memory which helps understand the complex semantics of question and highlights queried subjects; and 3) a new multimodal fusion layer which performs multi-step reasoning by attending to relevant visual and textual hints with self-updated attention. Our VideoQA model firstly generates the global context-aware visual and textual features respectively by interacting current inputs with memory contents. After that, it makes the attentional fusion of the multimodal visual and textual representations to infer the correct answer. Multiple cycles of reasoning can be made to iteratively refine attention weights of the multimodal data and improve the final representation of the QA pair. Experimental results demonstrate our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on four VideoQA benchmark datasets. 
### 51.What and How Well You Performed? A Multitask Learning Approach to Action Quality Assessment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04346.pdf)
>  Can performance on the task of action quality assessment (AQA) be improved by exploiting a description of the action and its quality? Current AQA and skills assessment approaches propose to learn features that serve only one task - estimating the final score. In this paper, we propose to learn spatio-temporal features that explain three related tasks - fine-grained action recognition, commentary generation, and estimating the AQA score. A new multitask-AQA dataset, the largest to date, comprising of 1412 diving samples was collected to evaluate our approach (<a href="http://rtis.oit.unlv.edu/datasets.html">this http URL</a>). We show that our MTL approach outperforms STL approach using two different kinds of architectures: C3D-AVG and MSCADC. The C3D-AVG-MTL approach achieves the new state-of-the-art performance with a rank correlation of 90.44%. Detailed experiments were performed to show that MTL offers better generalization than STL, and representations from action recognition models are not sufficient for the AQA task and instead should be learned. 
### 52.Quantifying the presence of graffiti in urban environments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04336.pdf)
>  Graffiti is a common phenomenon in urban scenarios. Differently from urban art, graffiti tagging is a vandalism act and many local governments are putting great effort to combat it. The graffiti map of a region can be a very useful resource because it may allow one to potentially combat vandalism in locations with high level of graffiti and also to cleanup saturated regions to discourage future acts. There is currently no automatic way of obtaining a graffiti map of a region and it is obtained by manual inspection by the police or by popular participation. In this sense, we describe an ongoing work where we propose an automatic way of obtaining a graffiti map of a neighbourhood. It consists of the systematic collection of street view images followed by the identification of graffiti tags in the collected dataset and finally, in the calculation of the proposed graffiti level of that location. We validate the proposed method by evaluating the geographical distribution of graffiti in a city known to have high concentration of graffiti -- Sao Paulo, Brazil. 
### 53.End-to-end Projector Photometric Compensation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04335.pdf)
>  Projector photometric compensation aims to modify a projector input image such that it can compensate for disturbance from the appearance of projection surface. In this paper, for the first time, we formulate the compensation problem as an end-to-end learning problem and propose a convolutional neural network, named CompenNet, to implicitly learn the complex compensation function. CompenNet consists of a UNet-like backbone network and an autoencoder subnet. Such architecture encourages rich multi-level interactions between the camera-captured projection surface image and the input image, and thus captures both photometric and environment information of the projection surface. In addition, the visual details and interaction information are carried to deeper layers along the multi-level skip convolution layers. The architecture is of particular importance for the projector compensation task, for which only a small training dataset is allowed in practice. Another contribution we make is a novel evaluation benchmark, which is independent of system setup and thus quantitatively verifiable. Such benchmark is not previously available, to our best knowledge, due to the fact that conventional evaluation requests the hardware system to actually project the final results. Our key idea, motivated from our end-to-end problem formulation, is to use a reasonable surrogate to avoid such projection process so as to be setup-independent. Our method is evaluated carefully on the benchmark, and the results show that our end-to-end learning solution outperforms state-of-the-arts both qualitatively and quantitatively by a significant margin. 
### 54.Automated Monitoring Cropland Using Remote Sensing Data: Challenges and Opportunities for Machine Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04329.pdf)
>  This paper provides an overview of how recent advances in machine learning and the availability of data from earth observing satellites can dramatically improve our ability to automatically map croplands over long period and over large regions. It discusses three applications in the domain of crop monitoring where ML approaches are beginning to show great promise. For each application, it highlights machine learning challenges, proposed approaches, and recent results. The paper concludes with discussion of major challenges that need to be addressed before ML approaches will reach their full potential for this problem of great societal relevance. 
### 55.$\mathcal{G}$-softmax: Improving Intra-class Compactness and Inter-class Separability of Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04317.pdf)
>  Intra-class compactness and inter-class separability are crucial indicators to measure the effectiveness of a model to produce discriminative features, where intra-class compactness indicates how close the features with the same label are to each other and inter-class separability indicates how far away the features with different labels are. In this work, we investigate intra-class compactness and inter-class separability of features learned by convolutional networks and propose a Gaussian-based softmax ($\mathcal{G}$-softmax) function that can effectively improve intra-class compactness and inter-class separability. The proposed function is simple to implement and can easily replace the softmax function. We evaluate the proposed $\mathcal{G}$-softmax function on classification datasets (i.e., CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and Tiny ImageNet) and on multi-label classification datasets (i.e., MS COCO and NUS-WIDE). The experimental results show that the proposed $\mathcal{G}$-softmax function improves the state-of-the-art models across all evaluated datasets. In addition, analysis of the intra-class compactness and inter-class separability demonstrates the advantages of the proposed function over the softmax function, which is consistent with the performance improvement. More importantly, we observe that high intra-class compactness and inter-class separability are linearly correlated to average precision on MS COCO and NUS-WIDE. This implies that improvement of intra-class compactness and inter-class separability would lead to improvement of average precision. 
### 56.Learned 3D Shape Representations Using Fused Geometrically Augmented Images: Application to Facial Expression and Action Unit Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04297.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an approach to learn generic multi-modal mesh surface representations using a novel scheme for fusing texture and geometric data. Our approach defines an inverse mapping between different geometric descriptors computed on the mesh surface or its down-sampled version, and the corresponding 2D texture image of the mesh, allowing the construction of fused geometrically augmented images (FGAI). This new fused modality enables us to learn feature representations from 3D data in a highly efficient manner by simply employing standard convolutional neural networks in a transfer-learning mode. In contrast to existing methods, the proposed approach is both computationally and memory efficient, preserves intrinsic geometric information and learns highly discriminative feature representation by effectively fusing shape and texture information at data level. The efficacy of our approach is demonstrated for the tasks of facial action unit detection and expression classification. The extensive experiments conducted on the Bosphorus and BU-4DFE datasets, show that our method produces a significant boost in the performance when compared to state-of-the-art solutions 
### 57.Neural Rerendering in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04290.pdf)
>  We explore total scene capture -- recording, modeling, and rerendering a scene under varying appearance such as season and time of day. Starting from internet photos of a tourist landmark, we apply traditional 3D reconstruction to register the photos and approximate the scene as a point cloud. For each photo, we render the scene points into a deep framebuffer, and train a neural network to learn the mapping of these initial renderings to the actual photos. This rerendering network also takes as input a latent appearance vector and a semantic mask indicating the location of transient objects like pedestrians. The model is evaluated on several datasets of publicly available images spanning a broad range of illumination conditions. We create short videos demonstrating realistic manipulation of the image viewpoint, appearance, and semantic labeling. We also compare results with prior work on scene reconstruction from internet photos. 
### 58.SCSampler: Sampling Salient Clips from Video for Efficient Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04289.pdf)
>  While many action recognition datasets consist of collections of brief, trimmed videos each containing a relevant action, videos in the real-world (e.g., on YouTube) exhibit very different properties: they are often several minutes long, where brief relevant clips are often interleaved with segments of extended duration containing little change. Applying densely an action recognition system to every temporal clip within such videos is prohibitively expensive. Furthermore, as we show in our experiments, this results in suboptimal recognition accuracy as informative predictions from relevant clips are outnumbered by meaningless classification outputs over long uninformative sections of the video. In this paper we introduce a lightweight `clip-sampling&#39; model that can efficiently identify the most salient temporal clips within a long video. We demonstrate that the computational cost of action recognition on untrimmed videos can be dramatically reduced by invoking recognition only on these most salient clips. Furthermore, we show that this yields significant gains in recognition accuracy compared to analysis of all clips or randomly/uniformly selected clips. On Sports1M, our clip sampling scheme elevates the accuracy of an already state-of-the-art action classifier by 7% and reduces by more than 15 times its computational cost. 
### 59.3D Local Features for Direct Pairwise Registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04281.pdf)
>  We present a novel, data driven approach for solving the problem of registration of two point cloud scans. Our approach is direct in the sense that a single pair of corresponding local patches already provides the necessary transformation cue for the global registration. To achieve that, we first endow the state of the art PPF-FoldNet auto-encoder (AE) with a pose-variant sibling, where the discrepancy between the two leads to pose-specific descriptors. Based upon this, we introduce RelativeNet, a relative pose estimation network to assign correspondence-specific orientations to the keypoints, eliminating any local reference frame computations. Finally, we devise a simple yet effective hypothesize-and-verify algorithm to quickly use the predictions and align two point sets. Our extensive quantitative and qualitative experiments suggests that our approach outperforms the state of the art in challenging real datasets of pairwise registration and that augmenting the keypoints with local pose information leads to better generalization and a dramatic speed-up. 
### 60.Identity-preserving Face Recovery from Stylized Portraits  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04241.pdf)
>  Given an artistic portrait, recovering the latent photorealistic face that preserves the subject&#39;s identity is challenging because the facial details are often distorted or fully lost in artistic portraits. We develop an Identity-preserving Face Recovery from Portraits (IFRP) method that utilizes a Style Removal network (SRN) and a Discriminative Network (DN). Our SRN, composed of an autoencoder with residual block-embedded skip connections, is designed to transfer feature maps of stylized images to the feature maps of the corresponding photorealistic faces. Owing to the Spatial Transformer Network (STN), SRN automatically compensates for misalignments of stylized portraits to output aligned realistic face images. To ensure the identity preservation, we promote the recovered and ground truth faces to share similar visual features via a distance measure which compares features of recovered and ground truth faces extracted from a pre-trained FaceNet network. DN has multiple convolutional and fully-connected layers, and its role is to enforce recovered faces to be similar to authentic faces. Thus, we can recover high-quality photorealistic faces from unaligned portraits while preserving the identity of the face in an image. By conducting extensive evaluations on a large-scale synthesized dataset and a hand-drawn sketch dataset, we demonstrate that our method achieves superior face recovery and attains state-of-the-art results. In addition, our method can recover photorealistic faces from unseen stylized portraits, artistic paintings, and hand-drawn sketches. 
### 61.Surface Defect Classification in Real-Time Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04671.pdf)
>  Surface inspection systems are an important application domain for computer vision, as they are used for defect detection and classification in the manufacturing industry. Existing systems use hand-crafted features which require extensive domain knowledge to create. Even though Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have proven successful in many large-scale challenges, industrial inspection systems have yet barely realized their potential due to two significant challenges: real-time processing speed requirements and specialized narrow domain-specific datasets which are sometimes limited in size. In this paper, we propose CNN models that are specifically designed to handle capacity and real-time speed requirements of surface inspection systems. To train and evaluate our network models, we created a surface image dataset containing more than 22000 labeled images with many types of surface materials and achieved 98.0% accuracy in binary defect classification. To solve the class imbalance problem in our datasets, we introduce neural data augmentation methods which are also applicable to similar domains that suffer from the same problem. Our results show that deep learning based methods are feasible to be used in surface inspection systems and outperform traditional methods in accuracy and inference time by considerable margins. 
### 62.Automated Search for Configurations of Deep Neural Network Architectures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04612.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are intensively used to solve a wide variety of complex problems. Although powerful, such systems require manual configuration and tuning. To this end, we view DNNs as configurable systems and propose an end-to-end framework that allows the configuration, evaluation and automated search for DNN architectures. Therefore, our contribution is threefold. First, we model the variability of DNN architectures with a Feature Model (FM) that generalizes over existing architectures. Each valid configuration of the FM corresponds to a valid DNN model that can be built and trained. Second, we implement, on top of Tensorflow, an automated procedure to deploy, train and evaluate the performance of a configured model. Third, we propose a method to search for configurations and demonstrate that it leads to good DNN models. We evaluate our method by applying it on image classification tasks (MNIST, CIFAR-10) and show that, with limited amount of computation and training, our method can identify high-performing architectures (with high accuracy). We also demonstrate that we outperform existing state-of-the-art architectures handcrafted by ML researchers. Our FM and framework have been released %and are publicly available to support replication and future research. 
### 63.PUNCH: Positive UNlabelled Classification based information retrieval in Hyperspectral images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04547.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral images of land-cover captured by airborne or satellite-mounted sensors provide a rich source of information about the chemical composition of the materials present in a given place. This makes hyperspectral imaging an important tool for earth sciences, land-cover studies, and military and strategic applications. However, the scarcity of labeled training examples and spatial variability of spectral signature are two of the biggest challenges faced by hyperspectral image classification. In order to address these issues, we aim to develop a framework for material-agnostic information retrieval in hyperspectral images based on Positive-Unlabelled (PU) classification. Given a hyperspectral scene, the user labels some positive samples of a material he/she is looking for and our goal is to retrieve all the remaining instances of the query material in the scene. Additionally, we require the system to work equally well for any material in any scene without the user having to disclose the identity of the query material. This material-agnostic nature of the framework provides it with superior generalization abilities. We explore two alternative approaches to solve the hyperspectral image classification problem within this framework. The first approach is an adaptation of non-negative risk estimation based PU learning for hyperspectral data. The second approach is based on one-versus-all positive-negative classification where the negative class is approximately sampled using a novel spectral-spatial retrieval model. We propose two annotator models - uniform and blob - that represent the labelling patterns of a human annotator. We compare the performances of the proposed algorithms for each annotator model on three benchmark hyperspectral image datasets - Indian Pines, Pavia University and Salinas. 
### 64.Regression Concept Vectors for Bidirectional Explanations in Histopathology  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04520.pdf)
>  Explanations for deep neural network predictions in terms of domain-related concepts can be valuable in medical applications, where justifications are important for confidence in the decision-making. In this work, we propose a methodology to exploit continuous concept measures as Regression Concept Vectors (RCVs) in the activation space of a layer. The directional derivative of the decision function along the RCVs represents the network sensitivity to increasing values of a given concept measure. When applied to breast cancer grading, nuclei texture emerges as a relevant concept in the detection of tumor tissue in breast lymph node samples. We evaluate score robustness and consistency by statistical analysis. 
### 65.Relational Reasoning Network (RRN) for Anatomical Landmarking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04354.pdf)
>  Accurately identifying anatomical landmarks is a crucial step in deformation analysis and surgical planning for craniomaxillofacial (CMF) bones. Available methods require segmentation of the object of interest for precise landmarking. Unlike those, our purpose in this study is to perform anatomical landmarking using the inherent relation of CMF bones without explicitly segmenting them. We propose a new deep network architecture, called relational reasoning network (RRN), to accurately learn the local and the global relations of the landmarks. Specifically, we are interested in learning landmarks in CMF region: mandible, maxilla, and nasal bones. The proposed RRN works in an end-to-end manner, utilizing learned relations of the landmarks based on dense-block units and without the need for segmentation. For a given a few landmarks as input, the proposed system accurately and efficiently localizes the remaining landmarks on the aforementioned bones. For a comprehensive evaluation of RRN, we used cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) scans of 250 patients. The proposed system identifies the landmark locations very accurately even when there are severe pathologies or deformations in the bones. The proposed RRN has also revealed unique relationships among the landmarks that help us infer several reasoning about informativeness of the landmark points. RRN is invariant to order of landmarks and it allowed us to discover the optimal configurations (number and location) for landmarks to be localized within the object of interest (mandible) or nearby objects (maxilla and nasal). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first of its kind algorithm finding anatomical relations of the objects using deep learning. 
### 66.L2AE-D: Learning to Aggregate Embeddings for Few-shot Learning with Meta-level Dropout  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04339.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning focuses on learning a new visual concept with very limited labelled examples. A successful approach to tackle this problem is to compare the similarity between examples in a learned metric space based on convolutional neural networks. However, existing methods typically suffer from meta-level overfitting due to the limited amount of training tasks and do not normally consider the importance of the convolutional features of different examples within the same channel. To address these limitations, we make the following two contributions: (a) We propose a novel meta-learning approach for aggregating useful convolutional features and suppressing noisy ones based on a channel-wise attention mechanism to improve class representations. The proposed model does not require fine-tuning and can be trained in an end-to-end manner. The main novelty lies in incorporating a shared weight generation module that learns to assign different weights to the feature maps of different examples within the same channel. (b) We also introduce a simple meta-level dropout technique that reduces meta-level overfitting in several few-shot learning approaches. In our experiments, we find that this simple technique significantly improves the performance of the proposed method as well as various state-of-the-art meta-learning algorithms. Applying our method to few-shot image recognition using Omniglot and miniImageNet datasets shows that it is capable of delivering a state-of-the-art classification performance. 
### 67.SoDeep: a Sorting Deep net to learn ranking loss surrogates  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04272.pdf)
>  Several tasks in machine learning are evaluated using non-differentiable metrics such as mean average precision or Spearman correlation. However, their non-differentiability prevents from using them as objective functions in a learning framework. Surrogate and relaxation methods exist but tend to be specific to a given metric. <br />In the present work, we introduce a new method to learn approximations of such non-differentiable objective functions. Our approach is based on a deep architecture that approximates the sorting of arbitrary sets of scores. It is trained virtually for free using synthetic data. This sorting deep (SoDeep) net can then be combined in a plug-and-play manner with existing deep architectures. We demonstrate the interest of our approach in three different tasks that require ranking: Cross-modal text-image retrieval, multi-label image classification and visual memorability ranking. Our approach yields very competitive results on these three tasks, which validates the merit and the flexibility of SoDeep as a proxy for sorting operation in ranking-based losses. 
