# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 25 Apr 2019
### 1.The iterative convolution-thresholding method (ICTM) for image segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10917.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel iterative convolution-thresholding method (ICTM) that is applicable to a range of variational models for image segmentation. A variational model usually minimizes an energy functional consisting of a fidelity term and a regularization term. In the ICTM, the interface between two different segment domains is implicitly represented by their characteristic functions. The fidelity term is then usually written as a linear functional of the characteristic functions and the regularized term is approximated by a functional of characteristic functions in terms of heat kernel convolution. This allows us to design an iterative convolution-thresholding method to minimize the approximate energy. The method is simple, efficient and enjoys the energy-decaying property. Numerical experiments show that the method is easy to implement, robust and applicable to various image segmentation models. 
### 2.ViDeNN: Deep Blind Video Denoising  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10898.pdf)
>  We propose ViDeNN: a CNN for Video Denoising without prior knowledge on the noise distribution (blind denoising). The CNN architecture uses a combination of spatial and temporal filtering, learning to spatially denoise the frames first and at the same time how to combine their temporal information, handling objects motion, brightness changes, low-light conditions and temporal inconsistencies. We demonstrate the importance of the data used for CNNs training, creating for this purpose a specific dataset for low-light conditions. We test ViDeNN on common benchmarks and on self-collected data, achieving good results comparable with the state-of-the-art. 
### 3.Optical machine learning with incoherent light and a single-pixel detector  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10851.pdf)
>  The concept of optical diffractive neural network (DNN) is proposed recently, which is implemented by a cascaded phase mask architecture. Like an optical computer, the system can perform machine learning tasks such as number digit recognition in an all-optical manner. However, the system can only work under coherent light illumination and the precision requirement in practical experiments is quite high. This paper proposes an optical machine learning framework based on single-pixel imaging (MLSPI). The MLSPI system can perform the same linear pattern recognition task as DNN. Furthermore, it can work under incoherent lighting conditions, has lower experimental complexity and being easily programmable. 
### 4.Automatic cephalometric landmarks detection on frontal faces: an approach based on supervised learning techniques  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10816.pdf)
>  Facial landmarks are employed in many research areas such as facial recognition, craniofacial identification, age and sex estimation among the most important. In the forensic field, the focus is on the analysis of a particular set of facial landmarks, defined as cephalometric landmarks. Previous works demonstrated that the descriptive adequacy of these anatomical references for an indirect application (photo-anthropometric description) increased the marking precision of these points, contributing to a greater reliability of these analyzes. However, most of them are performed manually and all of them are subjectivity inherent to the expert examiners. In this sense, the purpose of this work is the development and validation of automatic techniques to detect cephalometric landmarks from digital images of frontal faces in forensic field. The presented approach uses a combination of computer vision and image processing techniques within a supervised learning procedures. The proposed methodology obtains similar precision to a group of human manual cephalometric reference markers and result to be more accurate against others state-of-the-art facial landmark detection frameworks. It achieves a normalized mean distance (in pixel) error of 0.014, similar to the mean inter-expert dispersion (0.009) and clearly better than other automatic approaches also analyzed along of this work (0.026 and 0.101). 
### 5.Simultaneous regression and feature learning for facial landmarking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10787.pdf)
>  Face alignment (or facial landmarking) is an important task in many face-related applications, ranging from registration, tracking and animation to higher-level classification problems such as face, expression or attribute recognition. While several solutions have been presented in the literature for this task so far, reliably locating salient facial features across a wide range of posses still remains challenging. To address this issue, we propose in this paper a novel method for automatic facial landmark localization in 3D face data designed specifically to address appearance variability caused by significant pose variations. Our method builds on recent cascaded-regression-based methods to facial landmarking and uses a gating mechanism to incorporate multiple linear cascaded regression models each trained for a limited range of poses into a single powerful landmarking model capable of processing arbitrary posed input data. We develop two distinct approaches around the proposed gating mechanism: i) the first uses a gated multiple ridge descent (GRID) mechanism in conjunction with established (hand-crafted) HOG features for face alignment and achieves state-of-the-art landmarking performance across a wide range of facial poses, ii) the second simultaneously learns multiple-descent directions as well as binary features (SMUF) that are optimal for the alignment tasks and in addition to competitive landmarking results also ensures extremely rapid processing. We evaluate both approaches in rigorous experiments on several popular datasets of 3D face images, i.e., the FRGCv2 and Bosphorus 3D Face datasets and image collections F and G from the University of Notre Dame. The results of our evaluation show that both approaches are competitive in comparison to the state-of-the-art, while exhibiting considerable robustness to pose variations. 
### 6.Informative sample generation using class aware generative adversarial networks for classification of chest Xrays  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10781.pdf)
>  Training robust deep learning (DL) systems for disease detection from medical images is challenging due to limited images covering different disease types and severity. The problem is especially acute, where there is a severe class imbalance. We propose an active learning (AL) framework to select most informative samples for training our model using a Bayesian neural network. Informative samples are then used within a novel class aware generative adversarial network (CAGAN) to generate realistic chest xray images for data augmentation by transferring characteristics from one class label to another. Experiments show our proposed AL framework is able to achieve state-of-the-art performance by using about $35\%$ of the full dataset, thus saving significant time and effort over conventional methods. 
### 7.CED: Color Event Camera Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10772.pdf)
>  Event cameras are novel, bio-inspired visual sensors, whose pixels output asynchronous and independent timestamped spikes at local intensity changes, called 'events'. Event cameras offer advantages over conventional frame-based cameras in terms of latency, high dynamic range (HDR) and temporal resolution. Until recently, event cameras have been limited to outputting events in the intensity channel, however, recent advances have resulted in the development of color event cameras, such as the Color-DAVIS346. In this work, we present and release the first Color Event Camera Dataset (CED), containing 50 minutes of footage with both color frames and events. CED features a wide variety of indoor and outdoor scenes, which we hope will help drive forward event-based vision research. We also present an extension of the event camera simulator ESIM that enables simulation of color events. Finally, we present an evaluation of three state-of-the-art image reconstruction methods that can be used to convert the Color-DAVIS346 into a continuous-time, HDR, color video camera to visualise the event stream, and for use in downstream vision applications. 
### 8.A CNN-RNN Architecture for Multi-Label Weather Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10709.pdf)
>  Weather Recognition plays an important role in our daily lives and many computer vision applications. However, recognizing the weather conditions from a single image remains challenging and has not been studied thoroughly. Generally, most previous works treat weather recognition as a single-label classification task, namely, determining whether an image belongs to a specific weather class or not. This treatment is not always appropriate, since more than one weather conditions may appear simultaneously in a single image. To address this problem, we make the first attempt to view weather recognition as a multi-label classification task, i.e., assigning an image more than one labels according to the displayed weather conditions. Specifically, a CNN-RNN based multi-label classification approach is proposed in this paper. The convolutional neural network (CNN) is extended with a channel-wise attention model to extract the most correlated visual features. The Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) further processes the features and excavates the dependencies among weather classes. Finally, the weather labels are predicted step by step. Besides, we construct two datasets for the weather recognition task and explore the relationships among different weather conditions. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority and effectiveness of the proposed approach. The new constructed datasets will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wzgwzg/Multi-Label-Weather-Recognition" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 9.The VGG Image Annotator (VIA)  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10699.pdf)
>  Manual image annotation, such as defining and labelling regions of interest, is a fundamental processing stage of many research projects and industrial applications. In this paper, we introduce a simple and standalone manual image annotation tool: the VGG Image Annotator (\href{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~vgg/software/via/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}{VIA}). This is a light weight, standalone and offline software package that does not require any installation or setup and runs solely in a web browser. Due to its lightness and flexibility, the VIA software has quickly become an essential and invaluable research support tool in many academic disciplines. Furthermore, it has also been immensely popular in several industrial sectors which have invested in adapting this open source software to their requirements. Since its public release in 2017, the VIA software has been used more than $500,000$ times and has nurtured a large and thriving open source community. 
### 10.Multi-scale deep neural networks for real image super-resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10698.pdf)
>  Single image super-resolution (SR) is extremely difficult if the upscaling factors of image pairs are unknown and different from each other, which is common in real image SR. To tackle the difficulty, we develop two multi-scale deep neural networks (MsDNN) in this work. Firstly, due to the high computation complexity in high-resolution spaces, we process an input image mainly in two different downscaling spaces, which could greatly lower the usage of GPU memory. Then, to reconstruct the details of an image, we design a multi-scale residual network (MsRN) in the downscaling spaces based on the residual blocks. Besides, we propose a multi-scale dense network based on the dense blocks to compare with MsRN. Finally, our empirical experiments show the robustness of MsDNN for image SR when the upscaling factor is unknown. According to the preliminary results of NTIRE 2019 image SR challenge, our team (ZXHresearch@fudan) ranks 21-st among all participants. The implementation of MsDNN is released <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shangqigao/gsq-image-SR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 11.A Large-scale Varying-view RGB-D Action Dataset for Arbitrary-view Human Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10681.pdf)
>  Current researches of action recognition mainly focus on single-view and multi-view recognition, which can hardly satisfies the requirements of human-robot interaction (HRI) applications to recognize actions from arbitrary views. The lack of datasets also sets up barriers. To provide data for arbitrary-view action recognition, we newly collect a large-scale RGB-D action dataset for arbitrary-view action analysis, including RGB videos, depth and skeleton sequences. The dataset includes action samples captured in 8 fixed viewpoints and varying-view sequences which covers the entire 360 degree view angles. In total, 118 persons are invited to act 40 action categories, and 25,600 video samples are collected. Our dataset involves more participants, more viewpoints and a large number of samples. More importantly, it is the first dataset containing the entire 360 degree varying-view sequences. The dataset provides sufficient data for multi-view, cross-view and arbitrary-view action analysis. Besides, we propose a View-guided Skeleton CNN (VS-CNN) to tackle the problem of arbitrary-view action recognition. Experiment results show that the VS-CNN achieves superior performance. 
### 12.A General Framework for Edited Video and Raw Video Summarization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10669.pdf)
>  In this paper, we build a general summarization framework for both of edited video and raw video summarization. Overall, our work can be divided into three folds: 1) Four models are designed to capture the properties of video summaries, i.e., containing important people and objects (importance), representative to the video content (representativeness), no similar key-shots (diversity) and smoothness of the storyline (storyness). Specifically, these models are applicable to both edited videos and raw videos. 2) A comprehensive score function is built with the weighted combination of the aforementioned four models. Note that the weights of the four models in the score function, denoted as property-weight, are learned in a supervised manner. Besides, the property-weights are learned for edited videos and raw videos, respectively. 3) The training set is constructed with both edited videos and raw videos in order to make up the lack of training data. Particularly, each training video is equipped with a pair of mixing-coefficients which can reduce the structure mess in the training set caused by the rough mixture. We test our framework on three datasets, including edited videos, short raw videos and long raw videos. Experimental results have verified the effectiveness of the proposed framework. 
### 13.Segmenting the Future  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10666.pdf)
>  Predicting the future is an important aspect for decision-making in robotics or autonomous driving systems, which heavily rely upon visual scene understanding. While prior work attempts to predict future video pixels, anticipate activities or forecast future scene semantic segments from segmentation of the preceding frames, methods that predict future semantic segmentation solely from the previous frame RGB data in a single end-to-end trainable model do not exist. In this paper, we propose a temporal encoder-decoder network architecture that encodes RGB frames from the past and decodes the future semantic segmentation. The network is coupled with a new knowledge distillation training framework specifically for the forecasting task. Our method, only seeing preceding video frames, implicitly models the scene segments while simultaneously accounting for the object dynamics to infer the future scene semantic segments. Our results on Cityscapes outperform the baseline and current state-of-the-art methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/eddyhkchiu/segmenting_the_future/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 14.Super-resolution based generative adversarial network using visual perceptual loss function  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10654.pdf)
>  In recent years, perceptual-quality driven super-resolution methods show satisfactory results. However, super-resolved images have uncertain texture details and unpleasant artifact. We build a novel perceptual loss function composed of morphological components adversarial loss and color adversarial loss and salient content loss to ameliorate these problems. The adversarial loss is applied to constrain color and morphological components distribution of super-resolved images and the salient content loss highlights the perceptual similarity of feature-rich regions. Experiments show that proposed method achieves significant improvements in terms of perceptual index and visual quality compared with the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 15.Improving Few-Shot User-Specific Gaze Adaptation via Gaze Redirection Synthesis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10638.pdf)
>  As an indicator of human attention gaze is a subtle behavioral cue which can be exploited in many applications. However, inferring 3D gaze direction is challenging even for deep neural networks given the lack of large amount of data (groundtruthing gaze is expensive and existing datasets use different setups) and the inherent presence of gaze biases due to person-specific difference. In this work, we address the problem of person-specific gaze model adaptation from only a few reference training samples. The main and novel idea is to improve gaze adaptation by generating additional training samples through the synthesis of gaze-redirected eye images from existing reference samples. In doing so, our contributions are threefold: (i) we design our gaze redirection framework from synthetic data, allowing us to benefit from aligned training sample pairs to predict accurate inverse mapping fields; (ii) we proposed a self-supervised approach for domain adaptation; (iii) we exploit the gaze redirection to improve the performance of person-specific gaze estimation. Extensive experiments on two public datasets demonstrate the validity of our gaze retargeting and gaze estimation framework. 
### 16.LFFD: A Light and Fast Face Detector for Edge Devices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10633.pdf)
>  Face detection, as a fundamental technology for various applications, is always deployed on edge devices. There-fore, face detectors are supposed to have limited model size and fast inference speed. This paper introduces a Light and Fast Face Detector (LFFD) for edge devices. We rethink the receptive field (RF) in context of face detection and find that RFs can be used as inherent anchors instead of manually construction. Combining RF anchors and appropriate strides, the proposed method can cover a large range of continuous face scales with nearly 100% hit rate, rather than discrete scales. The insightful understanding of relations between effective receptive field (ERF) and face scales motivates an efficient backbone for one-stage detection. The backbone is characterized by eight detection branches and common building blocks, resulting in efficient computation. Comprehensive and extensive experiments on popular benchmarks: WIDER FACE and FDDB are conducted. A new evaluation schema is proposed for practical applications. Under the new schema, the proposed method can achieve superior accuracy (WIDER FACE Val/Test - Easy: 0.910/0.896, Medium: 0.880/0.865, Hard: 0.780/0.770; FDDB - discontinuous: 0.965, continuous: 0.719). Multiple hardware platforms are introduced to evaluate the running efficiency. The proposed methods can obtain fast inference speed (NVIDIA TITAN Xp: 131.45 FPS at 640480; NVIDIA TX2: 136.99 FPS at 160120; Raspberry Pi 3 Model B+: 8.44 FPS at 160120) with model size of 9 MB. 
### 17.Computer-aided diagnosis in histopathological images of the endometrium using a convolutional neural network and attention mechanisms  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10626.pdf)
>  Uterine cancer, also known as endometrial cancer, can seriously affect the female reproductive organs, and histopathological image analysis is the gold standard for diagnosing endometrial cancer. However, due to the limited capability of modeling the complicated relationships between histopathological images and their interpretations, these computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) approaches based on traditional machine learning algorithms often failed to achieve satisfying results. In this study, we developed a CADx approach using a convolutional neural network (CNN) and attention mechanisms, called HIENet. Because HIENet used the attention mechanisms and feature map visualization techniques, it can provide pathologists better interpretability of diagnoses by highlighting the histopathological correlations of local (pixel-level) image features to morphological characteristics of endometrial tissue. In the ten-fold cross-validation process, the CADx approach, HIENet, achieved a 76.91 $\pm$ 1.17% (mean $\pm$ s. d.) classification accuracy for four classes of endometrial tissue, namely normal endometrium, endometrial polyp, endometrial hyperplasia, and endometrial adenocarcinoma. Also, HIENet achieved an area-under-the-curve (AUC) of 0.9579 $\pm$ 0.0103 with an 81.04 $\pm$ 3.87% sensitivity and 94.78 $\pm$ 0.87% specificity in a binary classification task that detected endometrioid adenocarcinoma (Malignant). Besides, in the external validation process, HIENet achieved an 84.50% accuracy in the four-class classification task, and it achieved an AUC of 0.9829 with a 77.97% (95% CI, 65.27%-87.71%) sensitivity and 100% (95% CI, 97.42%-100.00%) specificity. In summary, the proposed CADx approach, HIENet, outperformed three human experts and four end-to-end CNN-based classifiers on this small-scale dataset composed of 3,500 hematoxylin and eosin (H&amp;E) images regarding overall classification performance. 
### 18.Bidirectional Learning for Domain Adaptation of Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10620.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation for semantic image segmentation is very necessary since manually labeling large datasets with pixel-level labels is expensive and time consuming. Existing domain adaptation techniques either work on limited datasets, or yield not so good performance compared with supervised learning. In this paper, we propose a novel bidirectional learning framework for domain adaptation of segmentation. Using the bidirectional learning, the image translation model and the segmentation adaptation model can be learned alternatively and promote to each other. Furthermore, we propose a self-supervised learning algorithm to learn a better segmentation adaptation model and in return improve the image translation model. Experiments show that our method is superior to the state-of-the-art methods in domain adaptation of segmentation with a big margin. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/liyunsheng13/BDL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 19.A Novel Re-weighting Method for Connectionist Temporal Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10619.pdf)
>  The connectionist temporal classification (CTC) enables end-to-end sequence learning by maximizing the probability of correctly recognizing sequences during training. With an extra $blank$ class, the CTC implicitly converts recognizing a sequence into classifying each timestep within the sequence. But the CTC loss is not intuitive for such classification task, so the class imbalance within each sequence, caused by the overwhelming $blank$ timesteps, is a knotty problem. In this paper, we define a piece-wise function as the pseudo ground-truth to reinterpret the CTC loss based on sequences as the cross entropy loss based on timesteps. The cross entropy form makes it easy to re-weight the CTC loss. Experiments on text recognition show that the weighted CTC loss solves the class imbalance problem as well as facilitates the convergence, generally leading to better results than the CTC loss. Beside this, the reinterpretation of CTC, as a brand new perspective, may be potentially useful in some other situations. 
### 20.Understanding Art through Multi-Modal Retrieval in Paintings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10615.pdf)
>  In computer vision, visual arts are often studied from a purely aesthetics perspective, mostly by analysing the visual appearance of an artistic reproduction to infer its style, its author, or its representative features. In this work, however, we explore art from both a visual and a language perspective. Our aim is to bridge the gap between the visual appearance of an artwork and its underlying meaning, by jointly analysing its aesthetics and its semantics. We introduce the use of multi-modal techniques in the field of automatic art analysis by 1) collecting a multi-modal dataset with fine-art paintings and comments, and 2) exploring robust visual and textual representations in artistic images. 
### 21.Unfocused images removal of z-axis overlapping Mie scattering particles by using three-dimensional nonlinear diffusion based on digital holography  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10613.pdf)
>  We propose a three-dimensional nonlinear diffusion method to remove the unfocused images of certain sized Mie scattering particles which are overlapping along z-axis. It is simultaneously applied to all of the reconstruction slices that are generated from the captured hologram after each back propagation. For certain small sized particles, the maxima of maximum gradient magnitude of each reconstruction slice appears at the ground truth z position when the reconstruction range along z-axis is sufficiently long and the reconstruction depth spacing is sufficiently fine after applying the proposed scheme, therefore, the reconstructed image at ground truth z position is remained, however, the unfocused images are diffused out. The results demonstrated that the proposed scheme can diffuse out the unfocused images which are 20um away from the ground truth z position in spite of that several Mie scattering particles were completely overlapping along z-axis with a distance 800um when the diameter is 15um and the hologram pixel pitch is 2um. It also demonstrates that the sparsity of the ground truth z slice cannot be affected by the sparsity of corresponding unfocused images when the particle is small enough as well when reconstruction depth spacing is higher than 20um 
### 22.Neural Collaborative Subspace Clustering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10596.pdf)
>  We introduce the Neural Collaborative Subspace Clustering, a neural model that discovers clusters of data points drawn from a union of low-dimensional subspaces. In contrast to previous attempts, our model runs without the aid of spectral clustering. This makes our algorithm one of the kinds that can gracefully scale to large datasets. At its heart, our neural model benefits from a classifier which determines whether a pair of points lies on the same subspace or not. Essential to our model is the construction of two affinity matrices, one from the classifier and the other from a notion of subspace self-expressiveness, to supervise training in a collaborative scheme. We thoroughly assess and contrast the performance of our model against various state-of-the-art clustering algorithms including deep subspace-based ones. 
### 23.Detailed Human Shape Estimation from a Single Image by Hierarchical Mesh Deformation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10506.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel framework to recover detailed human body shapes from a single image. It is a challenging task due to factors such as variations in human shapes, body poses, and viewpoints. Prior methods typically attempt to recover the human body shape using a parametric based template that lacks the surface details. As such the resulting body shape appears to be without clothing. In this paper, we propose a novel learning-based framework that combines the robustness of parametric model with the flexibility of free-form 3D deformation. We use the deep neural networks to refine the 3D shape in a Hierarchical Mesh Deformation (HMD) framework, utilizing the constraints from body joints, silhouettes, and per-pixel shading information. We are able to restore detailed human body shapes beyond skinned models. Experiments demonstrate that our method has outperformed previous state-of-the-art approaches, achieving better accuracy in terms of both 2D IoU number and 3D metric distance. The code is available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhuhao-nju/hmd.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 24.$S^{2}$-LBI: Stochastic Split Linearized Bregman Iterations for Parsimonious Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10873.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel Stochastic Split Linearized Bregman Iteration ($S^{2}$-LBI) algorithm to efficiently train the deep network. The $S^{2}$-LBI introduces an iterative regularization path with structural sparsity. Our $S^{2}$-LBI combines the computational efficiency of the LBI, and model selection consistency in learning the structural sparsity. The computed solution path intrinsically enables us to enlarge or simplify a network, which theoretically, is benefited from the dynamics property of our $S^{2}$-LBI algorithm. The experimental results validate our $S^{2}$-LBI on MNIST and CIFAR-10 dataset. For example, in MNIST, we can either boost a network with only 1.5K parameters (1 convolutional layer of 5 filters, and 1 FC layer), achieves 98.40\% recognition accuracy; or we simplify $82.5\%$ of parameters in LeNet-5 network, and still achieves the 98.47\% recognition accuracy. In addition, we also have the learning results on ImageNet, which will be added in the next version of our report. 
### 25.Unsupervised Assignment Flow: Label Learning on Feature Manifolds by Spatially Regularized Geometric Assignment  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10863.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the unsupervised assignment flow that couples the assignment flow for supervised image labeling with Riemannian gradient flows for label evolution on feature manifolds. The latter component of the approach encompasses extensions of state-of-the-art clustering approaches to manifold-valued data. Coupling label evolution with the spatially regularized assignment flow induces a sparsifying effect that enables to learn compact label dictionaries in an unsupervised manner. Our approach alleviates the requirement for supervised labeling to have proper labels at hand, because an initial set of labels can evolve and adapt to better values while being assigned to given data. The separation between feature and assignment manifolds enables the flexible application which is demonstrated for three scenarios with manifold-valued features. Experiments demonstrate beneficial effect in both directions: adaptivity of labels improves image labeling, and steering label evolution by spatially regularized assignments leads to proper labels, because the assignment flow for supervised labeling is exactly used without any approximation for label learning. 
### 26.Graph-based Inpainting for 3D Dynamic Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10795.pdf)
>  With the development of depth sensors and 3D laser scanning techniques, 3D dynamic point clouds have attracted increasing attention as a format for the representation of 3D objects in motion, with applications in various fields such as 3D immersive tele-presence, navigation, animation, gaming and virtual reality. However, dynamic point clouds usually exhibit holes of missing data, mainly due to the fast motion, the limitation of acquisition techniques and complicated structure. Further, point clouds are defined on irregular non-Euclidean domain, which is challenging to address with conventional methods for regular data. Hence, leveraging on graph signal processing tools, we propose an efficient dynamic point cloud inpainting method, exploiting both the inter-frame coherence and the intra-frame self-similarity in 3D dynamic point clouds. Specifically, for each frame in a point cloud sequence, we first split it into cubes of fixed size as the processing unit, and treat cubes with holes inside as target cubes. Secondly, we take advantage of the intra-frame self-similarity in the target frame, by globally searching for the most similar cube to each target cube as the intra-source cube. Thirdly, we exploit the inter-frame coherence among every three consecutive frames, by searching the corresponding cubes in the previous and subsequent frames for each target cube as the inter-source cubes, which contains most nearest neighbors of the target cube in the relative location. Finally, we formulate dynamic point cloud inpainting as an optimization problem based on both intra- and inter-source cubes, which is regularized by the graph-signal smoothness prior. Experimental results show that the proposed approach outperforms three competing methods significantly, both in objective and subjective quality. 
### 27.OperatorNet: Recovering 3D Shapes From Difference Operators  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10754.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a learning-based framework for reconstructing 3D shapes from functional operators, compactly encoded as small-sized matrices. To this end we introduce a novel neural architecture, called OperatorNet, which takes as input a set of linear operators representing a shape and produces its 3D embedding. We demonstrate that this approach significantly outperforms previous purely geometric methods for the same problem. Furthermore, we introduce a novel functional operator, which encodes the extrinsic or pose-dependent shape information, and thus complements purely intrinsic pose-oblivious operators, such as the classical Laplacian. Coupled with this novel operator, our reconstruction network achieves very high reconstruction accuracy, even in the presence of incomplete information about a shape, given a soft or functional map expressed in a reduced basis. Finally, we demonstrate that the multiplicative functional algebra enjoyed by these operators can be used to synthesize entirely new unseen shapes, in the context of shape interpolation and shape analogy applications. 
### 28.Deep Learning for Classification of Hyperspectral Data: A Comparative Review  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10674.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning techniques revolutionized the way remote sensing data are processed. Classification of hyperspectral data is no exception to the rule, but has intrinsic specificities which make application of deep learning less straightforward than with other optical data. This article presents a state of the art of previous machine learning approaches, reviews the various deep learning approaches currently proposed for hyperspectral classification, and identifies the problems and difficulties which arise to implement deep neural networks for this task. In particular, the issues of spatial and spectral resolution, data volume, and transfer of models from multimedia images to hyperspectral data are addressed. Additionally, a comparative study of various families of network architectures is provided and a software toolbox is publicly released to allow experimenting with these methods. 1 This article is intended for both data scientists with interest in hyperspectral data and remote sensing experts eager to apply deep learning techniques to their own dataset. 
### 29.Understanding the efficacy, reliability and resiliency of computer vision techniques for malware detection and future research directions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10504.pdf)
>  My research lies in the intersection of security and machine learning. This overview summarizes one component of my research: combining computer vision with malware exploit detection for enhanced security solutions. I will present the perspectives of efficacy, reliability and resiliency to formulate threat detection as computer vision problems and develop state-of-the-art image-based malware classification. Representing malware binary as images provides a direct visualization of data samples, reduces the efforts for feature extraction, and consumes the whole binary for holistic structural analysis. Employing transfer learning of deep neural networks effective for large scale image classification to malware classification demonstrates superior classification efficacy compared with classical machine learning algorithms. To enhance reliability of these vision-based malware detectors, interpretation frameworks can be constructed on the malware visual representations and useful for extracting faithful explanation, so that security practitioners have confidence in the model before deployment. In cyber-security applications, we should always assume that a malware writer constantly modifies code to bypass detection. Addressing the resiliency of the malware detectors is equivalently important as efficacy and reliability. Via understanding the attack surfaces of machine learning models used for malware detection, we can greatly improve the robustness of the algorithms to combat malware adversaries in the wild. Finally I will discuss future research directions worth pursuing in this research community. 
### 30.Comparing Samples from the $\mathcal{G}^0$ Distribution using a Geodesic Distance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10499.pdf)
>  The $\mathcal{G}^0$ distribution is widely used for monopolarized SAR image modeling because it can characterize regions with different degree of texture accurately. It is indexed by three parameters: the number of looks (which can be estimated for the whole image), a scale parameter and a texture parameter. This paper presents a new proposal for comparing samples from the $\mathcal{G}^0$ distribution using a Geodesic Distance (GD) as a measure of dissimilarity between models. The objective is quantifying the difference between pairs of samples from SAR data using both local parameters (scale and texture) of the $\mathcal{G}^0$ distribution. We propose three tests based on the GD which combine the tests presented in~\cite{GeodesicDistanceGI0JSTARS}, and we estimate their probability distributions using permutation methods. 
### 31.Chunkflow: Distributed Hybrid Cloud Processing of Large 3D Images by Convolutional Nets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10489.pdf)
>  It is now common to process volumetric biomedical images using 3D Convolutional Networks (ConvNets). This can be challenging for the teravoxel and even petavoxel images that are being acquired today by light or electron microscopy. Here we introduce chunkflow, a software framework for distributing ConvNet processing over local and cloud GPUs and CPUs. The image volume is divided into overlapping chunks, each chunk is processed by a ConvNet, and the results are blended together to yield the output image. The frontend submits ConvNet tasks to a cloud queue. The tasks are executed by local and cloud GPUs and CPUs. Thanks to the fault-tolerant architecture of Chunkflow, cost can be greatly reduced by utilizing cheap unstable cloud instances. Chunkflow currently supports PyTorch for GPUs and PZnet for CPUs. To illustrate its usage, a large 3D brain image from serial section electron microscopy was processed by a 3D ConvNet with a U-Net style architecture. Chunkflow provides some chunk operations for general use, and the operations can be composed flexibly in a command line interface. 
