# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 18 Apr 2019
### 1.Event-based Vision: A Survey  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08405.pdf)
>  Event cameras are bio-inspired sensors that work radically different from traditional cameras. Instead of capturing images at a fixed rate, they measure per-pixel brightness changes asynchronously. This results in a stream of events, which encode the time, location and sign of the brightness changes. Event cameras posses outstanding properties compared to traditional cameras: very high dynamic range (140 dB vs. 60 dB), high temporal resolution (in the order of microseconds), low power consumption, and do not suffer from motion blur. Hence, event cameras have a large potential for robotics and computer vision in challenging scenarios for traditional cameras, such as high speed and high dynamic range. However, novel methods are required to process the unconventional output of these sensors in order to unlock their potential. This paper provides a comprehensive overview of the emerging field of event-based vision, with a focus on the applications and the algorithms developed to unlock the outstanding properties of event cameras. We present event cameras from their working principle, the actual sensors that are available and the tasks that they have been used for, from low-level vision (feature detection and tracking, optic flow, etc.) to high-level vision (reconstruction, segmentation, recognition). We also discuss the techniques developed to process events, including learning-based techniques, as well as specialized processors for these novel sensors, such as spiking neural networks. Additionally, we highlight the challenges that remain to be tackled and the opportunities that lie ahead in the search for a more efficient, bio-inspired way for machines to perceive and interact with the world. 
### 2.Process of image super-resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08396.pdf)
>  In this paper we explain a process of super-resolution reconstruction allowing to increase the resolution of an image.The need for high-resolution digital images exists in diverse domains, for example the medical and spatial domains. The obtaining of high-resolution digital images can be made at the time of the shooting, but it is often synonymic of important costs because of the necessary material to avoid such costs, it is known how to use methods of super-resolution reconstruction, consisting from one or several low resolution images to obtain a high-resolution image. The american patent US 9 208 537 describes such an algorithm. A zone of one low-resolution image is isolated and categorized according to the information contained in pixels forming the borders of the zone. The category of it zone determines the type of interpolation used to add pixels in aforementioned zone, to increase the neatness of the images. It is also known how to reconstruct a low-resolution image there high-resolution image by using a model of super-resolution reconstruction whose learning is based on networks of neurons and on image or a picture library. The demand of chinese patent CN 107563965 and the scientist publication &#34;Pixel Recursive Super Resolution&#34;, R. Dahl, M. Norouzi, J. Shlens propose such methods. 
### 3.Gaze Training by Modulated Dropout Improves Imitation Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08377.pdf)
>  Imitation learning by behavioral cloning is a prevalent method which has achieved some success in vision-based autonomous driving. The basic idea behind behavioral cloning is to have the neural network learn from observing a human expert&#39;s behavior. Typically, a convolutional neural network learns to predict the steering commands from raw driver-view images by mimicking the behaviors of human drivers. However, there are other cues, e.g. gaze behavior, available from human drivers that have yet to be exploited. Previous researches have shown that novice human learners can benefit from observing experts&#39; gaze patterns. We present here that deep neural networks can also profit from this. We propose a method, gaze-modulated dropout, for integrating this gaze information into a deep driving network implicitly rather than as an additional input. Our experimental results demonstrate that gaze-modulated dropout enhances the generalization capability of the network to unseen scenes. Prediction error in steering commands is reduced by 23.5% compared to uniform dropout. Running closed loop in the simulator, the gaze-modulated dropout net increased the average distance travelled between infractions by 58.5%. Consistent with these results, we also found the gaze-modulated dropout net to have lower model uncertainty. 
### 4.Render4Completion: Synthesizing Multi-view Depth Maps for 3D Shape Completion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08366.pdf)
>  We propose a novel approach for 3D shape completion by synthesizing multi-view depth maps. While previous work for shape completion relies on volumetric representations, meshes, or point clouds, we propose to use multi-view depth maps from a set of fixed viewing angles as our shape representation. This allows us to be free of the limitations of memory for volumetric representations and point clouds by casting shape completion into an image-to-image translation problem. Specifically, we render depth maps of the incomplete shape from a fixed set of viewpoints, and perform depth map completion in each view. Different from image-to-image translation network that completes each view separately, our novel network, multi-view completion net (MVCN), leverages information from all views of a 3D shape to help the completion of each single view. This enables MVCN to leverage more information from different depth views to achieve high accuracy in single depth view completion and keep the consistency among the completed depth images in different views. Benefited by the multi-view representation and the novel network structure, MVCN significantly improves the accuracy of 3D shape completion in large-scale benchmarks compared to the state of the art. 
### 5.Aggregation Cross-Entropy for Sequence Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08364.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel method, aggregation cross-entropy (ACE), for sequence recognition from a brand new perspective. The ACE loss function exhibits competitive performance to CTC and the attention mechanism, with much quicker implementation (as it involves only four fundamental formulas), faster inference\back-propagation (approximately O(1) in parallel), less storage requirement (no parameter and negligible runtime memory), and convenient employment (by replacing CTC with ACE). Furthermore, the proposed ACE loss function exhibits two noteworthy properties: (1) it can be directly applied for 2D prediction by flattening the 2D prediction into 1D prediction as the input and (2) it requires only characters and their numbers in the sequence annotation for supervision, which allows it to advance beyond sequence recognition, e.g., counting problem. The code is publicly available at <a href="https://github.com/summerlvsong/Aggregation-Cross-Entropy">this https URL</a>. 
### 6.Question Guided Modular Routing Networks for Visual Question Answering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08324.pdf)
>  Visual Question Answering (VQA) faces two major challenges: how to better fuse the visual and textual modalities and how to make the VQA model have the reasoning ability to answer more complex questions. In this paper, we address both challenges by proposing the novel Question Guided Modular Routing Networks (QGMRN). QGMRN can fuse the visual and textual modalities in multiple semantic levels which makes the fusion occur in a fine-grained way, it also can learn to reason by routing between the generic modules without additional supervision information or prior knowledge. The proposed QGMRN consists of three sub-networks: visual network, textual network and routing network. The routing network selectively executes each module in the visual network according to the pathway activated by the question features generated by the textual network. Experiments on the CLEVR dataset show that our model can outperform the state-of-the-art. Models and Codes will be released. 
### 7.Events-to-Video: Bringing Modern Computer Vision to Event Cameras  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08298.pdf)
>  Event cameras are novel sensors that report brightness changes in the form of asynchronous &#34;events&#34; instead of intensity frames. They have significant advantages over conventional cameras: high temporal resolution, high dynamic range, and no motion blur. Since the output of event cameras is fundamentally different from conventional cameras, it is commonly accepted that they require the development of specialized algorithms to accommodate the particular nature of events. In this work, we take a different view and propose to apply existing, mature computer vision techniques to videos reconstructed from event data. We propose a novel recurrent network to reconstruct videos from a stream of events, and train it on a large amount of simulated event data. Our experiments show that our approach surpasses state-of-the-art reconstruction methods by a large margin (&gt; 20%) in terms of image quality. We further apply off-the-shelf computer vision algorithms to videos reconstructed from event data on tasks such as object classification and visual-inertial odometry, and show that this strategy consistently outperforms algorithms that were specifically designed for event data. We believe that our approach opens the door to bringing the outstanding properties of event cameras to an entirely new range of tasks. A video of the experiments is available at <a href="https://youtu.be/IdYrC4cUO0I">this https URL</a> 
### 8.Interpreting Adversarial Examples with Attributes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08279.pdf)
>  Deep computer vision systems being vulnerable to imperceptible and carefully crafted noise have raised questions regarding the robustness of their decisions. We take a step back and approach this problem from an orthogonal direction. We propose to enable black-box neural networks to justify their reasoning both for clean and for adversarial examples by leveraging attributes, i.e. visually discriminative properties of objects. We rank attributes based on their class relevance, i.e. how the classification decision changes when the input is visually slightly perturbed, as well as image relevance, i.e. how well the attributes can be localized on both clean and perturbed images. We present comprehensive experiments for attribute prediction, adversarial example generation, adversarially robust learning, and their qualitative and quantitative analysis using predicted attributes on three benchmark datasets. 
### 9.BS-Nets: An End-to-End Framework For Band Selection of Hyperspectral Image  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08269.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image (HSI) consists of hundreds of continuous narrow bands with high spectral correlation, which would lead to the so-called Hughes phenomenon and the high computational cost in processing. Band selection has been proven effective in avoiding such problems by removing the redundant bands. However, many of existing band selection methods separately estimate the significance for every single band and cannot fully consider the nonlinear and global interaction between spectral bands. In this paper, by assuming that a complete HSI can be reconstructed from its few informative bands, we propose a general band selection framework, Band Selection Network (termed as BS-Net). The framework consists of a band attention module (BAM), which aims to explicitly model the nonlinear inter-dependencies between spectral bands, and a reconstruction network (RecNet), which is used to restore the original HSI cube from the learned informative bands, resulting in a flexible architecture. The resulting framework is end-to-end trainable, making it easier to train from scratch and to combine with existing networks. We implement two BS-Nets respectively using fully connected networks (BS-Net-FC) and convolutional neural networks (BS-Net-Conv), and compare the results with many existing band selection approaches for three real hyperspectral images, demonstrating that the proposed BS-Nets can accurately select informative band subset with less redundancy and achieve significantly better classification performance with an acceptable time cost. 
### 10.Cycle-SUM: Cycle-consistent Adversarial LSTM Networks for Unsupervised Video Summarization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08265.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel unsupervised video summarization model that requires no manual annotation. The proposed model termed Cycle-SUM adopts a new cycle-consistent adversarial LSTM architecture that can effectively maximize the information preserving and compactness of the summary video. It consists of a frame selector and a cycle-consistent learning based evaluator. The selector is a bi-direction LSTM network that learns video representations that embed the long-range relationships among video frames. The evaluator defines a learnable information preserving metric between original video and summary video and &#34;supervises&#34; the selector to identify the most informative frames to form the summary video. In particular, the evaluator is composed of two generative adversarial networks (GANs), in which the forward GAN is learned to reconstruct original video from summary video while the backward GAN learns to invert the processing. The consistency between the output of such cycle learning is adopted as the information preserving metric for video summarization. We demonstrate the close relation between mutual information maximization and such cycle learning procedure. Experiments on two video summarization benchmark datasets validate the state-of-the-art performance and superiority of the Cycle-SUM model over previous baselines. 
### 11.USE-Net: incorporating Squeeze-and-Excitation blocks into U-Net for prostate zonal segmentation of multi-institutional MRI datasets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08254.pdf)
>  Prostate cancer is the most common malignant tumors in men but prostate Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) analysis remains challenging. Besides whole prostate gland segmentation, the capability to differentiate between the blurry boundary of the Central Gland (CG) and Peripheral Zone (PZ) can lead to differential diagnosis, since tumor&#39;s frequency and severity differ in these regions. To tackle the prostate zonal segmentation task, we propose a novel Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), called USE-Net, which incorporates Squeeze-and-Excitation (SE) blocks into U-Net. Especially, the SE blocks are added after every Encoder (Enc USE-Net) or Encoder-Decoder block (Enc-Dec USE-Net). This study evaluates the generalization ability of CNN-based architectures on three T2-weighted MRI datasets, each one consisting of a different number of patients and heterogeneous image characteristics, collected by different institutions. The following mixed scheme is used for training/testing: (i) training on either each individual dataset or multiple prostate MRI datasets and (ii) testing on all three datasets with all possible training/testing combinations. USE-Net is compared against three state-of-the-art CNN-based architectures (i.e., U-Net, pix2pix, and Mixed-Scale Dense Network), along with a semi-automatic continuous max-flow model. The results show that training on the union of the datasets generally outperforms training on each dataset separately, allowing for both intra-/cross-dataset generalization. Enc USE-Net shows good overall generalization under any training condition, while Enc-Dec USE-Net remarkably outperforms the other methods when trained on all datasets. These findings reveal that the SE blocks&#39; adaptive feature recalibration provides excellent cross-dataset generalization when testing is performed on samples of the datasets used during training. 
### 12.End-to-End Learning of Representations for Asynchronous Event-Based Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08245.pdf)
>  Event cameras are vision sensors that record asynchronous streams of per-pixel brightness changes, referred to as &#34;events&#34;. They have appealing advantages over frame-based cameras for computer vision, including high temporal resolution, high dynamic range, and no motion blur. Due to the sparse, non-uniform spatiotemporal layout of the event signal, pattern recognition algorithms typically aggregate events into a grid-based representation and subsequently process it by a standard vision pipeline, e.g., Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). In this work, we introduce a general framework to convert event streams into grid-based representations through a sequence of differentiable operations. Our framework comes with two main ad-vantages: (i) allows learning the input event representation together with the task dedicated network in an end to end manner, and (ii) lays out a taxonomy that unifies the majority of extant event representations in the literature and identifies novel ones. Empirically, we show that our approach to learning the event representation end-to-end yields an improvement of approximately 12% on optical flow estimation and object recognition over state-of-the-art methods. 
### 13.LO-Net: Deep Real-time Lidar Odometry  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08242.pdf)
>  We present a novel deep convolutional network pipeline, LO-Net, for real-time lidar odometry estimation. Unlike most existing lidar odometry (LO) estimations that go through individually designed feature selection, feature matching, and pose estimation pipeline, LO-Net can be trained in an end-to-end manner. With a new mask-weighted geometric constraint loss, LO-Net can effectively learn feature representation for LO estimation, and can implicitly exploit the sequential dependencies and dynamics in the data. We also design a scan-to-map module, which uses the geometric and semantic information learned in LO-Net, to improve the estimation accuracy. Experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrate that LO-Net outperforms existing learning based approaches and has similar accuracy with the state-of-the-art geometry-based approach, LOAM. 
### 14.Deep Anomaly Detection for Generalized Face Anti-Spoofing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08241.pdf)
>  Face recognition has achieved unprecedented results, surpassing human capabilities in certain scenarios. However, these automatic solutions are not ready for production because they can be easily fooled by simple identity impersonation attacks. And although much effort has been devoted to develop face anti-spoofing models, their generalization capacity still remains a challenge in real scenarios. In this paper, we introduce a novel approach that reformulates the Generalized Presentation Attack Detection (GPAD) problem from an anomaly detection perspective. Technically, a deep metric learning model is proposed, where a triplet focal loss is used as a regularization for a novel loss coined &#34;metric-softmax&#34;, which is in charge of guiding the learning process towards more discriminative feature representations in an embedding space. Finally, we demonstrate the benefits of our deep anomaly detection architecture, by introducing a few-shot a posteriori probability estimation that does not need any classifier to be trained on the learned features. We conduct extensive experiments using the GRAD-GPAD framework that provides the largest aggregated dataset for face GPAD. Results confirm that our approach is able to outperform all the state-of-the-art methods by a considerable margin. 
### 15.Guided Anisotropic Diffusion and Iterative Learning for Weakly Supervised Change Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08208.pdf)
>  Large scale datasets created from user labels or openly available data have become crucial to provide training data for large scale learning algorithms. While these datasets are easier to acquire, the data are frequently noisy and unreliable, which is motivating research on weakly supervised learning techniques. In this paper we propose an iterative learning method that extracts the useful information from a large scale change detection dataset generated from open vector data to train a fully convolutional network which surpasses the performance obtained by naive supervised learning. We also propose the guided anisotropic diffusion algorithm, which improves semantic segmentation results using the input images as guides to perform edge preserving filtering, and is used in conjunction with the iterative training method to improve results. 
### 16.CenterNet: Object Detection with Keypoint Triplets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08189.pdf)
>  In object detection, keypoint-based approaches often suffer a large number of incorrect object bounding boxes, arguably due to the lack of an additional look into the cropped regions. This paper presents an efficient solution which explores the visual patterns within each cropped region with minimal costs. We build our framework upon a representative one-stage keypoint-based detector named CornerNet. Our approach, named CenterNet, detects each object as a triplet, rather than a pair, of keypoints, which improves both precision and recall. Accordingly, we design two customized modules named cascade corner pooling and center pooling, which play the roles of enriching information collected by both top-left and bottom-right corners and providing more recognizable information at the central regions, respectively. On the MS-COCO dataset, CenterNet achieves an AP of \textbf{47.0\%}, which outperforms all existing one-stage detectors by a large margin. Meanwhile, with a faster inference speed, CenterNet demonstrates quite comparable performance to the top-ranked two-stage detectors. Code is available at <a href="https://github.com/Duankaiwen/CenterNet">this https URL</a>. 
### 17.Downhole Track Detection via Multiscale Conditional Generative Adversarial Nets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08177.pdf)
>  Frequent mine disasters cause a large number of casualties and property losses. Autonomous driving is a fundamental measure for solving this problem, and track detection is one of the key technologies for computer vision to achieve downhole automatic driving. The track detection result based on the traditional convolutional neural network (CNN) algorithm lacks the detailed and unique description of the object and relies too much on visual postprocessing technology. Therefore, this paper proposes a track detection algorithm based on a multiscale conditional generative adversarial network (CGAN). The generator is decomposed into global and local parts using a multigranularity structure in the generator network. A multiscale shared convolution structure is adopted in the discriminator network to further supervise training the generator. Finally, the Monte Carlo search technique is introduced to search the intermediate state of the generator, and the result is sent to the discriminator for comparison. Compared with the existing work, our model achieved 82.43\% pixel accuracy and an average intersection-over-union (IOU) of 0.6218, and the detection of the track reached 95.01\% accuracy in the downhole roadway scene test set. 
### 18.CaseNet: Content-Adaptive Scale Interaction Networks for Scene Parsing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08170.pdf)
>  Objects in an image exhibit diverse scales. Adaptive receptive fields are expected to catch suitable range of context for accurate pixel level semantic prediction for handling objects of diverse sizes. Recently, atrous convolution with different dilation rates has been used to generate features of multi-scales through several branches and these features are fused for prediction. However, there is a lack of explicit interaction among the branches to adaptively make full use of the contexts. In this paper, we propose a Content-Adaptive Scale Interaction Network (CaseNet) to exploit the multi-scale features for scene parsing. We build the CaseNet based on the classic Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (ASPP) module, followed by the proposed contextual scale interaction (CSI) module, and the scale adaptation (SA) module. Specifically, first, for each spatial position, we enable context interaction among different scales through scale-aware non-local operations across the scales, \ie, CSI module, which facilitates the generation of flexible mixed receptive fields, instead of a traditional flat one. Second, the scale adaptation module (SA) explicitly and softly selects the suitable scale for each spatial position and each channel. Ablation studies demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed modules. We achieve state-of-the-art performance on three scene parsing benchmarks Cityscapes, ADE20K and LIP. 
### 19.3D Object Recognition with Ensemble Learning --- A Study of Point Cloud-Based Deep Learning Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08159.pdf)
>  In this study, we present an analysis of model-based ensemble learning for 3D point-cloud object classification and detection. An ensemble of multiple model instances is known to outperform a single model instance, but there is little study of the topic of ensemble learning for 3D point clouds. First, an ensemble of multiple model instances trained on the same part of the $\textit{ModelNet40}$ dataset was tested for seven deep learning, point cloud-based classification algorithms: $\textit{PointNet}$, $\textit{PointNet++}$, $\textit{SO-Net}$, $\textit{KCNet}$, $\textit{DeepSets}$, $\textit{DGCNN}$, and $\textit{PointCNN}$. Second, the ensemble of different architectures was tested. Results of our experiments show that the tested ensemble learning methods improve over state-of-the-art on the $\textit{ModelNet40}$ dataset, from $92.65\%$ to $93.64\%$ for the ensemble of single architecture instances, $94.03\%$ for two different architectures, and $94.15\%$ for five different architectures. We show that the ensemble of two models with different architectures can be as effective as the ensemble of 10 models with the same architecture. Third, a study on classic bagging i.e. with different subsets used for training multiple model instances) was tested and sources of ensemble accuracy growth were investigated for best-performing architecture, i.e. $\textit{SO-Net}$. We also investigate the ensemble learning of $\textit{Frustum PointNet}$ approach in the task of 3D object detection, increasing the average precision of 3D box detection on the $\textit{KITTI}$ dataset from $63.1\%$ to $66.5\%$ using only three model instances. We measure the inference time of all 3D classification architectures on a $\textit{Nvidia Jetson TX2}$, a common embedded computer for mobile robots, to allude to the use of these models in real-life applications. 
### 20.MHP-VOS: Multiple Hypotheses Propagation for Video Object Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08141.pdf)
>  We address the problem of semi-supervised video object segmentation (VOS), where the masks of objects of interests are given in the first frame of an input video. To deal with challenging cases where objects are occluded or missing, previous work relies on greedy data association strategies that make decisions for each frame individually. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to defer the decision making for a target object in each frame, until a global view can be established with the entire video being taken into consideration. Our approach is in the same spirit as Multiple Hypotheses Tracking (MHT) methods, making several critical adaptations for the VOS problem. We employ the bounding box (bbox) hypothesis for tracking tree formation, and the multiple hypotheses are spawned by propagating the preceding bbox into the detected bbox proposals within a gated region starting from the initial object mask in the first frame. The gated region is determined by a gating scheme which takes into account a more comprehensive motion model rather than the simple Kalman filtering model in traditional MHT. To further design more customized algorithms tailored for VOS, we develop a novel mask propagation score instead of the appearance similarity score that could be brittle due to large deformations. The mask propagation score, together with the motion score, determines the affinity between the hypotheses during tree pruning. Finally, a novel mask merging strategy is employed to handle mask conflicts between objects. Extensive experiments on challenging datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method, especially in the case of object missing. 
### 21.nnU-Net: Breaking the Spell on Successful Medical Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08128.pdf)
>  Fueled by the diversity of datasets, semantic segmentation is a popular subfield in medical image analysis with a vast number of new methods being proposed each year. This ever-growing jungle of methodologies, however, becomes increasingly impenetrable. At the same time, many proposed methods fail to generalize beyond the experiments they were demonstrated on, thus hampering the process of developing a segmentation algorithm on a new dataset. Here we present nnU-Net (&#39;no-new-Net&#39;), a framework that automatically adapts itself to any given new dataset. While this process was completely human-driven so far, we make a first attempt to automate necessary adaptations such as preprocessing, the exact patch size, batch size, and inference settings based on the properties of a given dataset. Remarkably, nnU-Net strips away the architectural bells and whistles that are typically proposed in the literature and relies on just a simple U-Net architecture embedded in a robust training scheme. Out of the box, nnU-Net achieves state of the art performance on six well-established segmentation challenges. Source code is available at <a href="https://github.com/MIC-DKFZ/nnunet">this https URL</a>. 
### 22.Modulating Image Restoration with Continual Levels via Adaptive Feature Modification Layers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08118.pdf)
>  In image restoration tasks, learning from discrete and fixed restoration levels, deep models cannot be easily generalized to data of continuous and unseen levels. We make a step forward by proposing a unified CNN framework that consists of few additional parameters than a single-level model yet could handle arbitrary restoration levels between a start and an end level. The additional module, namely AdaFM layer, performs channel-wise feature modification, and can adapt a model to another restoration level with high accuracy. 
### 23.DistanceNet: Estimating Traveled Distance from Monocular Images using a Recurrent Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08105.pdf)
>  Classical monocular vSLAM/VO methods suffer from the scale ambiguity problem. Hybrid approaches solve this problem by adding deep learning methods, for example by using depth maps which are predicted by a CNN. We suggest that it is better to base scale estimation on estimating the traveled distance for a set of subsequent images. In this paper, we propose a novel end-to-end many-to-one traveled distance estimator. By using a deep recurrent convolutional neural network (RCNN), the traveled distance between the first and last image of a set of consecutive frames is estimated by our DistanceNet. Geometric features are learned in the CNN part of our model, which are subsequently used by the RNN to learn dynamics and temporal information. Moreover, we exploit the natural order of distances by using ordinal regression to predict the distance. The evaluation on the KITTI dataset shows that our approach outperforms current state-of-the-art deep learning pose estimators and classical mono vSLAM/VO methods in terms of distance prediction. Thus, our DistanceNet can be used as a component to solve the scale problem and help improve current and future classical mono vSLAM/VO methods. 
### 24.Multi-Scale Geometric Consistency Guided Multi-View Stereo  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08103.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an efficient multi-scale geometric consistency guided multi-view stereo method for accurate and complete depth map estimation. We first present our basic multi-view stereo method with Adaptive Checkerboard sampling and Multi-Hypothesis joint view selection (ACMH). It leverages structured region information to sample better candidate hypotheses for propagation and infer the aggregation view subset at each pixel. For the depth estimation of low-textured areas, we further propose to combine ACMH with multi-scale geometric consistency guidance (ACMM) to obtain the reliable depth estimates for low-textured areas at coarser scales and guarantee that they can be propagated to finer scales. To correct the erroneous estimates propagated from the coarser scales, we present a novel detail restorer. Experiments on extensive datasets show our method achieves state-of-the-art performance, recovering the depth estimation not only in low-textured areas but also in details. 
### 25.Correlated Logistic Model With Elastic Net Regularization for Multilabel Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08098.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present correlated logistic (CorrLog) model for multilabel image classification. CorrLog extends conventional logistic regression model into multilabel cases, via explicitly modeling the pairwise correlation between labels. In addition, we propose to learn the model parameters of CorrLog with elastic net regularization, which helps exploit the sparsity in feature selection and label correlations and thus further boost the performance of multilabel classification. CorrLog can be efficiently learned, though approximately, by regularized maximum pseudo likelihood estimation, and it enjoys a satisfying generalization bound that is independent of the number of labels. CorrLog performs competitively for multilabel image classification on benchmark data sets MULAN scene, MIT outdoor scene, PASCAL VOC 2007, and PASCAL VOC 2012, compared with the state-of-the-art multilabel classification algorithms. 
### 26.TextCaps : Handwritten Character Recognition with Very Small Datasets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08095.pdf)
>  Many localized languages struggle to reap the benefits of recent advancements in character recognition systems due to the lack of substantial amount of labeled training data. This is due to the difficulty in generating large amounts of labeled data for such languages and inability of deep learning techniques to properly learn from small number of training samples. We solve this problem by introducing a technique of generating new training samples from the existing samples, with realistic augmentations which reflect actual variations that are present in human hand writing, by adding random controlled noise to their corresponding instantiation parameters. Our results with a mere 200 training samples per class surpass existing character recognition results in the EMNIST-letter dataset while achieving the existing results in the three datasets: EMNIST-balanced, EMNIST-digits, and MNIST. We also develop a strategy to effectively use a combination of loss functions to improve reconstructions. Our system is useful in character recognition for localized languages that lack much labeled training data and even in other related more general contexts such as object recognition. 
### 27.General Purpose (GenP) Bioimage Ensemble of Handcrafted and Learned Features with Data Augmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08084.pdf)
>  Bioimage classification plays a crucial role in many biological problems. Here we present a new General Purpose (GenP) ensemble that boosts performance by combining local features, dense sampling features, and deep learning approaches. We propose an ensemble of deep learning methods built using different criteria (different batch sizes, learning rates, topologies, and data augmentation methods). One of the contributions of this paper is the proposal of new methods of data augmentation based on feature transforms (principal component analysis/discrete cosine transform) that boost performance of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Each handcrafted descriptor is used to train a different Support Vector Machine (SVM), and the different SVMs are combined with the ensemble of CNNs. Our method is evaluated on a diverse set of bioimage classification problems. Results demonstrate that the proposed GenP bioimage ensemble obtains state-of-the-art performance without any ad-hoc dataset tuning of parameters (avoiding the risk of overfitting/overtraining). 
### 28.Bottleneck potentials in Markov Random Fields  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08080.pdf)
>  We consider general discrete Markov Random Fields(MRFs) with additional bottleneck potentials which penalize the maximum (instead of the sum) over local potential value taken by the MRF-assignment. Bottleneck potentials or analogous constructions have been considered in (i) combinatorial optimization (e.g. bottleneck shortest path problem, the minimum bottleneck spanning tree problem, bottleneck function minimization in greedoids), (ii) inverse problems with $L_{\infty}$-norm regularization, and (iii) valued constraint satisfaction on the $(\min,\max)$-pre-semirings. Bottleneck potentials for general discrete MRFs are a natural generalization of the above direction of modeling work to Maximum-A-Posteriori (MAP) inference in MRFs. To this end, we propose MRFs whose objective consists of two parts: terms that factorize according to (i) $(\min,+)$, i.e. potentials as in plain MRFs, and (ii) $(\min,\max)$, i.e. bottleneck potentials. To solve the ensuing inference problem, we propose high-quality relaxations and efficient algorithms for solving them. We empirically show efficacy of our approach on large scale seismic horizon tracking problems. 
### 29.Deep Fusion Network for Image Completion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08060.pdf)
>  Deep image completion usually fails to harmonically blend the restored image into existing content, especially in the boundary area. This paper handles with this problem from a new perspective of creating a smooth transition and proposes a concise Deep Fusion Network (DFNet). Firstly, a fusion block is introduced to generate a flexible alpha composition map for combining known and unknown regions. The fusion block not only provides a smooth fusion between restored and existing content, but also provides an attention map to make network focus more on the unknown pixels. In this way, it builds a bridge for structural and texture information, so that information can be naturally propagated from known region into completion. Furthermore, fusion blocks are embedded into several decoder layers of the network. Accompanied by the adjustable loss constraints on each layer, more accurate structure information are achieved. We qualitatively and quantitatively compare our method with other state-of-the-art methods on Places2 and CelebA datasets. The results show the superior performance of DFNet, especially in the aspects of harmonious texture transition, texture detail and semantic structural consistency. Our source code will be avaiable at: \url{<a href="https://github.com/hughplay/DFNet">this https URL</a>} 
### 30.DENet: A Universal Network for Counting Crowd with Varying Densities and Scales  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08056.pdf)
>  Counting people or objects with significantly varying scales and densities has attracted much interest from the research community and yet it remains an open problem. In this paper, we propose a simple but an efficient and effective network, named DENet, which is composed of two components, i.e., a detection network (DNet) and an encoder-decoder estimation network (ENet). We first run DNet on an input image to detect and count individuals who can be segmented clearly. Then, ENet is utilized to estimate the density maps of the remaining areas, where the numbers of individuals cannot be detected. We propose a modified Xception as an encoder for feature extraction and a combination of dilated convolution and transposed convolution as a decoder. In the ShanghaiTech Part A, UCF and WorldExpo&#39;10 datasets, our DENet achieves lower Mean Absolute Error (MAE) than those of the state-of-the-art methods. 
### 31.A-CNN: Annularly Convolutional Neural Networks on Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08017.pdf)
>  Analyzing the geometric and semantic properties of 3D point clouds through the deep networks is still challenging due to the irregularity and sparsity of samplings of their geometric structures. This paper presents a new method to define and compute convolution directly on 3D point clouds by the proposed annular convolution. This new convolution operator can better capture the local neighborhood geometry of each point by specifying the (regular and dilated) ring-shaped structures and directions in the computation. It can adapt to the geometric variability and scalability at the signal processing level. We apply it to the developed hierarchical neural networks for object classification, part segmentation, and semantic segmentation in large-scale scenes. The extensive experiments and comparisons demonstrate that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on a variety of standard benchmark datasets (e.g., ModelNet10, ModelNet40, ShapeNet-part, S3DIS, and ScanNet). 
### 32.Clustered Object Detection in Aerial Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08008.pdf)
>  Detecting objects in aerial images is challenging for at least two reasons: (1) target objects like pedestrians are very small in terms of pixels, making them hard to be distinguished from surrounding background; and (2) targets are in general very sparsely and nonuniformly distributed, making the detection very inefficient. In this paper we address both issues inspired by the observation that these targets are often clustered. In particular, we propose a Clustered Detection (ClusDet) network that unifies object cluster and detection in an end-to-end framework. The key components in ClusDet include a cluster proposal sub-network (CPNet), a scale estimation sub-network (ScaleNet), and a dedicated detection network (DetecNet). Given an input image, CPNet produces (object) cluster regions and ScaleNet estimates object scales for these regions. Then, each scale-normalized cluster region and their features are fed into DetecNet for object detection. Compared with previous solutions, ClusDet has several advantages: (1) it greatly reduces the number of blocks for final object detection and hence achieves high running time efficiency, (2) the cluster-based scale estimation is more accurate than previously used single-object based ones, hence effectively improves the detection for small objects, and (3) the final DetecNet is dedicated for clustered regions and implicitly models the prior context information so as to boost detection accuracy. The proposed method is tested on three representative aerial image datasets including VisDrone, UAVDT and DOTA. In all the experiments, ClusDet achieves promising performance in both efficiency and accuracy, in comparison with state-of-the-art detectors. 
### 33.DNN Architecture for High Performance Prediction on Natural Videos Loses Submodule&#39;s Ability to Learn Discrete-World Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.07969.pdf)
>  Is cognition a collection of loosely connected functions tuned to different tasks, or can there be a general learning algorithm? If such an hypothetical general algorithm did exist, tuned to our world, could it adapt seamlessly to a world with different laws of nature? We consider the theory that predictive coding is such a general rule, and falsify it for one specific neural architecture known for high-performance predictions on natural videos and replication of human visual illusions: PredNet. Our results show that PredNet&#39;s high performance generalizes without retraining on a completely different natural video dataset. Yet PredNet cannot be trained to reach even mediocre accuracy on an artificial video dataset created with the rules of the Game of Life (GoL). We also find that a submodule of PredNet, a Convolutional Neural Network trained alone, reaches perfect accuracy on the GoL while being mediocre for natural videos, showing that PredNet&#39;s architecture itself is responsible for both the high performance on natural videos and the loss of performance on the GoL. Just as humans cannot predict the dynamics of the GoL, our results suggest that there might be a trade-off between high performance on sensory inputs with different sets of rules. 
### 34.Are State-of-the-art Visual Place Recognition Techniques any Good for Aerial Robotics?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.07967.pdf)
>  Visual Place Recognition (VPR) has seen significant advances at the frontiers of matching performance and computational superiority over the past few years. However, these evaluations are performed for ground-based mobile platforms and cannot be generalized to aerial platforms. The degree of viewpoint variation experienced by aerial robots is complex, with their processing power and on-board memory limited by payload size and battery ratings. Therefore, in this paper, we collect $8$ state-of-the-art VPR techniques that have been previously evaluated for ground-based platforms and compare them on $2$ recently proposed aerial place recognition datasets with three prime focuses: a) Matching performance b) Processing power consumption c) Projected memory requirements. This gives a birds-eye view of the applicability of contemporary VPR research to aerial robotics and lays down the the nature of challenges for aerial-VPR. 
### 35.A Comprehensive Study of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease Classification Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.07950.pdf)
>  A plethora of deep learning models have been developed for the task of Alzheimer&#39;s disease classification from brain MRI scans. Many of these models report high performance, achieving three-class classification accuracy of up to 95%. However, it is common for these studies to draw performance comparisons between models that are trained on different subsets of a dataset or use varying imaging preprocessing techniques, making it difficult to objectively assess model performance. Furthermore, many of these works do not provide details such as hyperparameters, the specific MRI scans used, or their source code, making it difficult to replicate their experiments. To address these concerns, we present a comprehensive study of some of the deep learning methods and architectures on the full set of images available from ADNI. We find that, (1) classification using 3D models gives an improvement of 1% in our setup, at the cost of significantly longer training time and more computation power, (2) with our dataset, pre-training yields minimal ($&lt;0.5\%$) improvement in model performance, (3) most popular convolutional neural network models yield similar performance when compared to each other. Lastly, we briefly compare the effects of two image preprocessing programs: FreeSurfer and Clinica, and find that the spatially normalized and segmented outputs from Clinica increased the accuracy of model prediction from 63% to 89% when compared to FreeSurfer images. 
### 36.Devil is in the Edges: Learning Semantic Boundaries from Noisy Annotations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.07934.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of semantic boundary prediction, which aims to identify pixels that belong to object(class) boundaries. We notice that relevant datasets consist of a significant level of label noise, reflecting the fact that precise annotations are laborious to get and thus annotators trade-off quality with efficiency. We aim to learn sharp and precise semantic boundaries by explicitly reasoning about annotation noise during training. We propose a simple new layer and loss that can be used with existing learning-based boundary detectors. Our layer/loss enforces the detector to predict a maximum response along the normal direction at an edge, while also regularizing its direction. We further reason about true object boundaries during training using a level set formulation, which allows the network to learn from misaligned labels in an end-to-end fashion. Experiments show that we improve over the CASENet backbone network by more than 4% in terms of MF(ODS) and 18.61% in terms of AP, outperforming all current state-of-the-art methods including those that deal with alignment. Furthermore, we show that our learned network can be used to significantly improve coarse segmentation labels, lending itself as an efficient way to label new data. 
### 37.Audio-Visual Model Distillation Using Acoustic Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.07933.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate how to learn rich and robust feature representations for audio classification from visual data and a novel audio data modality, namely acoustic images. Former models learn audio representations from raw signals or spectral data acquired by a single microphone, with remarkable results in classification and retrieval. However, such representations are not so robust towards variable environmental sound conditions. We tackle this drawback by exploiting a new multimodal labeled action recognition dataset acquired by a hybrid audio-visual sensor that provides RGB video, raw audio signals, and spatialized acoustic data, also known as acoustic images, where the visual and acoustic images are aligned in space and synchronized in time. Using this richer information, we train audio deep learning models in a teacher-student fashion. In particular, we distill knowledge into audio networks from both visual and acoustic image teachers. Our experiments suggest that the learned representations are more powerful and have better generalization capabilities than the features learned from models trained using just visual or single-microphone audio data. 
### 38.IAN: Combining Generative Adversarial Networks for Imaginative Face Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.07916.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have gained momentum for their ability to model image distributions. They learn to emulate the training set and that enables sampling from that domain and using the knowledge learned for useful applications. Several methods proposed enhancing GANs, including regularizing the loss with some feature matching. We seek to push GANs beyond the data in the training and try to explore unseen territory in the image manifold. We first propose a new regularizer for GAN based on K-nearest neighbor (K-NN) selective feature matching to a target set Y in high-level feature space, during the adversarial training of GAN on the base set X, and we call this novel model K-GAN. We show that minimizing the added term follows from cross-entropy minimization between the distributions of GAN and the set Y. Then, We introduce a cascaded framework for GANs that try to address the task of imagining a new distribution that combines the base set X and target set Y by cascading sampling GANs with translation GANs, and we dub the cascade of such GANs as the Imaginative Adversarial Network (IAN). We conduct an objective and subjective evaluation for different IAN setups in the addressed task and show some useful applications for these IANs, like manifold traversing and creative face generation for characters&#39; design in movies or video games. 
### 39.REPAIR: Removing Representation Bias by Dataset Resampling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.07911.pdf)
>  Modern machine learning datasets can have biases for certain representations that are leveraged by algorithms to achieve high performance without learning to solve the underlying task. This problem is referred to as &#34;representation bias&#34;. The question of how to reduce the representation biases of a dataset is investigated and a new dataset REPresentAtion bIas Removal (REPAIR) procedure is proposed. This formulates bias minimization as an optimization problem, seeking a weight distribution that penalizes examples easy for a classifier built on a given feature representation. Bias reduction is then equated to maximizing the ratio between the classification loss on the reweighted dataset and the uncertainty of the ground-truth class labels. This is a minimax problem that REPAIR solves by alternatingly updating classifier parameters and dataset resampling weights, using stochastic gradient descent. An experimental set-up is also introduced to measure the bias of any dataset for a given representation, and the impact of this bias on the performance of recognition models. Experiments with synthetic and action recognition data show that dataset REPAIR can significantly reduce representation bias, and lead to improved generalization of models trained on REPAIRed datasets. The tools used for characterizing representation bias, and the proposed dataset REPAIR algorithm, are available at <a href="https://github.com/JerryYLi/Dataset-REPAIR/">this https URL</a>. 
### 40.Histopathologic Image Processing: A Review  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.07900.pdf)
>  Histopathologic Images (HI) are the gold standard for evaluation of some tumors. However, the analysis of such images is challenging even for experienced pathologists, resulting in problems of inter and intra observer. Besides that, the analysis is time and resource consuming. One of the ways to accelerate such an analysis is by using Computer Aided Diagnosis systems. In this work we present a literature review about the computing techniques to process HI, including shallow and deep methods. We cover the most common tasks for processing HI such as segmentation, feature extraction, unsupervised learning and supervised learning. A dataset section show some datasets found during the literature review. We also bring a study case of breast cancer classification using a mix of deep and shallow machine learning methods. The proposed method obtained an accuracy of 91% in the best case, outperforming the compared baseline of the dataset. 
### 41.Vid2Game: Controllable Characters Extracted from Real-World Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08379.pdf)
>  We are given a video of a person performing a certain activity, from which we extract a controllable model. The model generates novel image sequences of that person, according to arbitrary user-defined control signals, typically marking the displacement of the moving body. The generated video can have an arbitrary background, and effectively capture both the dynamics and appearance of the person. <br />The method is based on two networks. The first network maps a current pose, and a single-instance control signal to the next pose. The second network maps the current pose, the new pose, and a given background, to an output frame. Both networks include multiple novelties that enable high-quality performance. This is demonstrated on multiple characters extracted from various videos of dancers and athletes. 
### 42.Deep learning investigation for chess player attention prediction using eye-tracking and game data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08155.pdf)
>  This article reports on an investigation of the use of convolutional neural networks to predict the visual attention of chess players. The visual attention model described in this article has been created to generate saliency maps that capture hierarchical and spatial features of chessboard, in order to predict the probability fixation for individual pixels Using a skip-layer architecture of an autoencoder, with a unified decoder, we are able to use multiscale features to predict saliency of part of the board at different scales, showing multiple relations between pieces. We have used scan path and fixation data from players engaged in solving chess problems, to compute 6600 saliency maps associated to the corresponding chess piece configurations. This corpus is completed with synthetically generated data from actual games gathered from an online chess platform. Experiments realized using both scan-paths from chess players and the CAT2000 saliency dataset of natural images, highlights several results. Deep features, pretrained on natural images, were found to be helpful in training visual attention prediction for chess. The proposed neural network architecture is able to generate meaningful saliency maps on unseen chess configurations with good scores on standard metrics. This work provides a baseline for future work on visual attention prediction in similar contexts. 
### 43.Adversarial Defense Through Network Profiling Based Path Extraction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08089.pdf)
>  Recently, researchers have started decomposing deep neural network models according to their semantics or functions. Recent work has shown the effectiveness of decomposed functional blocks for defending adversarial attacks, which add small input perturbation to the input image to fool the DNN models. This work proposes a profiling-based method to decompose the DNN models to different functional blocks, which lead to the effective path as a new approach to exploring DNNs&#39; internal organization. Specifically, the per-image effective path can be aggregated to the class-level effective path, through which we observe that adversarial images activate effective path different from normal images. We propose an effective path similarity-based method to detect adversarial images with an interpretable model, which achieve better accuracy and broader applicability than the state-of-the-art technique. 
### 44.Collaboration Analysis Using Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08066.pdf)
>  The analysis of the collaborative learning process is one of the growing fields of education research, which has many different analytic solutions. In this paper, we provided a new solution to improve automated collaborative learning analyses using deep neural networks. Instead of using self-reported questionnaires, which are subject to bias and noise, we automatically extract group-working information by object recognition results using Mask R-CNN method. This process is based on detecting the people and other objects from pictures and video clips of the collaborative learning process, then evaluate the mobile learning performance using the collaborative indicators. We tested our approach to automatically evaluate the group-work collaboration in a controlled study of thirty-three dyads while performing an anatomy body painting intervention. The results indicate that our approach recognizes the differences of collaborations among teams of treatment and control groups in the case study. This work introduces new methods for automated quality prediction of collaborations among human-human interactions using computer vision techniques. 
### 45.Forecasting with time series imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08064.pdf)
>  Feature-based time series representation has attracted substantial attention in a wide range of time series analysis methods. Recently, the use of time series features for forecast model selection and model averaging has been an emerging research focus in the forecasting community. Nonetheless, most of the existing approaches depend on the manual choice of an appropriate set of features. Exploiting machine learning methods to automatically extract features from time series becomes crucially important in the state-of-the-art time series analysis. In this paper, we introduce an automated approach to extract time series features based on images. Time series are first transformed into recurrence images, from which local features can be extracted using computer vision algorithms. The extracted features are used for forecast model selection and model averaging. Our experiments show that forecasting based on automatically extracted features, with less human intervention and a more comprehensive view of the raw time series data, yields comparable performances with the top best methods proposed in the largest forecasting competition M4. 
### 46.People infer recursive visual concepts from just a few examples  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08034.pdf)
>  Machine learning has made major advances in categorizing objects in images, yet the best algorithms miss important aspects of how people learn and think about categories. People can learn richer concepts from fewer examples, including causal models that explain how members of a category are formed. Here, we explore the limits of this human ability to infer causal &#34;programs&#34; -- latent generating processes with nontrivial algorithmic properties -- from one, two, or three visual examples. People were asked to extrapolate the programs in several ways, for both classifying and generating new examples. As a theory of these inductive abilities, we present a Bayesian program learning model that searches the space of programs for the best explanation of the observations. Although variable, people&#39;s judgments are broadly consistent with the model and inconsistent with several alternatives, including a pre-trained deep neural network for object recognition, indicating that people can learn and reason with rich algorithmic abstractions from sparse input data. 
### 47.CloudSegNet: A Deep Network for Nychthemeron Cloud Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.07979.pdf)
>  We analyze clouds in the earth&#39;s atmosphere using ground-based sky cameras. An accurate segmentation of clouds in the captured sky/cloud image is difficult, owing to the fuzzy boundaries of clouds. Several techniques have been proposed that use color as the discriminatory feature for cloud detection. In the existing literature, however, analysis of daytime and nighttime images is considered separately, mainly because of differences in image characteristics and applications. In this paper, we propose a light-weight deep-learning architecture called CloudSegNet. It is the first that integrates daytime and nighttime (also known as nychthemeron) image segmentation in a single framework, and achieves state-of-the-art results on public databases. 
### 48.Beyond Correlation: A Path-Invariant Measure for Seismogram Similarity  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.07936.pdf)
>  Similarity search is a popular technique for seismic signal processing, with template matching, matched filters and subspace detectors being utilized for a wide variety of tasks, including both signal detection and source discrimination. Traditionally, these techniques rely on the cross-correlation function as the basis for measuring similarity. Unfortunately, seismogram correlation is dominated by path effects, essentially requiring a distinct waveform template along each path to be detected. To address this limitation, we define a path-invariant measure for seismogram similarity. A deep convolutional neural network with a triplet loss function maps raw seismograms to a low dimensional embedding space, where nearness on the space corresponds to nearness of source function, regardless of path or recording instrumentation. This path-agnostic embedding space represents a new representation for seismograms, characterized by robust, source-specific features. The dataset used to train and test the algorithm comes primarily from the USArray experiment, a temporary network of 400 seismometers that was deployed at more than 2000 locations across the US from 2007 to 2012. The first four years (2006, 2007, 2008, 2009) were selected as the training set, and the following two years (2010, 2011) were selected for validation and testing. The training, validation and test sets contained 24,811, 5,711 and 4,214 seismograms, respectively. The utility of our novel embedding space representation is evaluated across three common seismic tasks: event association, signal detection, and source discrimination, achieving an accuracy of 80%, 92% and 90%, respectively, all while minimizing the number of template waveforms required. 
