# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 30 Apr 2019
### 1.Style Transfer by Relaxed Optimal Transport and Self-Similarity  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12785.pdf)
>  Style transfer algorithms strive to render the content of one image using the style of another. We propose Style Transfer by Relaxed Optimal Transport and Self-Similarity (STROTSS), a new optimization-based style transfer algorithm. We extend our method to allow user-specified point-to-point or region-to-region control over visual similarity between the style image and the output. Such guidance can be used to either achieve a particular visual effect or correct errors made by unconstrained style transfer. In order to quantitatively compare our method to prior work, we conduct a large-scale user study designed to assess the style-content tradeoff across settings in style transfer algorithms. Our results indicate that for any desired level of content preservation, our method provides higher quality stylization than prior work. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nkolkin13/STROTSS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 2.Progressive Differentiable Architecture Search: Bridging the Depth Gap between Search and Evaluation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12760.pdf)
>  Recently, differentiable search methods have made major progress in reducing the computational costs of neural architecture search. However, these approaches often report lower accuracy in evaluating the searched architecture or transferring it to another dataset. This is arguably due to the large gap between the architecture depths in search and evaluation scenarios. In this paper, we present an efficient algorithm which allows the depth of searched architectures to grow gradually during the training procedure. This brings two issues, namely, heavier computational overheads and weaker search stability, which we solve using search space approximation and regularization, respectively. With a significantly reduced search time (~7 hours on a single GPU), our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on both the proxy dataset (CIFAR10 or CIFAR100) and the target dataset (ImageNet). Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chenxin061/pdarts" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 3.End-to-end Cloud Segmentation in High-Resolution Multispectral Satellite Imagery Using Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12743.pdf)
>  Segmenting clouds in high-resolution satellite images is an arduous and challenging task due to the many types of geographies and clouds a satellite can capture. Therefore, it needs to be automated and optimized, specially for those who regularly process great amounts of satellite images, such as governmental institutions. In that sense, the contribution of this work is twofold: We present the CloudPeru2 dataset, consisting of 22,400 images of 512x512 pixels and their respective hand-drawn cloud masks, as well as the proposal of an end-to-end segmentation method for clouds using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based on the Deeplab v3+ architecture. The results over the test set achieved an accuracy of 96.62%, precision of 96.46%, specificity of 98.53%, and sensitivity of 96.72% which is superior to the compared methods. 
### 4.DeepHMap++: Combined Projection Grouping and Correspondence Learning for Full DoF Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12735.pdf)
>  In recent years, estimating the 6D pose of object instances with convolutional neural network (CNN) has received considerable attention. Depending on whether intermediate cues are used, the relevant literature can be roughly divided into two broad categories: direct methods and two stage pipelines. For the latter, intermediate cues, such as 3D object coordinates, semantic keypoints, or virtual control points instead of pose parameters are regressed by CNN in the first stage. Object pose can then be solved by correspondence constraints constructed with these intermediate cues. In this paper, we focus on the postprocessing of a two-stage pipeline and propose to combine two learning concepts for estimating object pose under challenging scenes: projection grouping on one side, and correspondence learning on the other. We firstly employ a local patch based method to predict projection heatmaps which denote the confidence distribution of projection of 3D bounding box's corners. A projection grouping module is then proposed to remove redundant local maxima from each layer of heatmaps. Instead of directly feeding 2D-3D correspondences to the perspective-n-point (PnP) algorithm, multiple correspondence hypotheses are sampled from local maxima and its corresponding neighborhood and ranked by a correspondence-evaluation network. Finally, correspondences with higher confidence are selected to determine object pose. Extensive experiments on three public datasets demonstrate that the proposed framework outperforms several state of the art methods. 
### 5.Solo or Ensemble? Choosing a CNN Architecture for Melanoma Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12724.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) deliver exceptional results for computer vision, including medical image analysis. With the growing number of available architectures, picking one over another is far from obvious. Existing art suggests that, when performing transfer learning, the performance of CNN architectures on ImageNet correlates strongly with their performance on target tasks. We evaluate that claim for melanoma classification, over 9 CNNs architectures, in 5 sets of splits created on the ISIC Challenge 2017 dataset, and 3 repeated measures, resulting in 135 models. The correlations we found were, to begin with, much smaller than those reported by existing art, and disappeared altogether when we considered only the top-performing networks: uncontrolled nuisances (i.e., splits and randomness) overcome any of the analyzed factors. Whenever possible, the best approach for melanoma classification is still to create ensembles of multiple models. We compared two choices for selecting which models to ensemble: picking them at random (among a pool of high-quality ones) vs. using the validation set to determine which ones to pick first. For small ensembles, we found a slight advantage on the second approach but found that random choice was also competitive. Although our aim in this paper was not to maximize performance, we easily reached AUCs comparable to the first place on the ISIC Challenge 2017. 
### 6.A New Method for Atlanta World Frame Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12717.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new Atlanta frame estimation method by considering the relationship between vertical direction and horizontal directions. Unlike previous solutions, our method does not solve all the directions at one time. On the contrary, it estimates the directions sequentially. Concretely, our method first searches the vertical direction in $\mathbb{S}^2$ globally, then estimates the horizontal directions in one-dimension. As a consequence, the dimensionality of each subproblem problem is low and it can be solved efficiently. In other words, the running time of our method will not greatly increase as the number of horizontal directions increases. The advantages of our method are validated via testing on both synthetic and real-world data. 
### 7.Capturing human categorization of natural images at scale by combining deep networks and cognitive models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12690.pdf)
>  Human categorization is one of the most important and successful targets of cognitive modeling in psychology, yet decades of development and assessment of competing models have been contingent on small sets of simple, artificial experimental stimuli. Here we extend this modeling paradigm to the domain of natural images, revealing the crucial role that stimulus representation plays in categorization and its implications for conclusions about how people form categories. Applying psychological models of categorization to natural images required two significant advances. First, we conducted the first large-scale experimental study of human categorization, involving over 500,000 human categorization judgments of 10,000 natural images from ten non-overlapping object categories. Second, we addressed the traditional bottleneck of representing high-dimensional images in cognitive models by exploring the best of current supervised and unsupervised deep and shallow machine learning methods. We find that selecting sufficiently expressive, data-driven representations is crucial to capturing human categorization, and using these representations allows simple models that represent categories with abstract prototypes to outperform the more complex memory-based exemplar accounts of categorization that have dominated in studies using less naturalistic stimuli. 
### 8.Deep Fitting Degree Scoring Network for Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12681.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose to learn a deep fitting degree scoring network for monocular 3D object detection, which aims to score fitting degree between proposals and object conclusively. Different from most existing monocular frameworks which use tight constraint to get 3D location, our approach achieves high-precision localization through measuring the visual fitting degree between the projected 3D proposals and the object. We first regress the dimension and orientation of the object using an anchor-based method so that a suitable 3D proposal can be constructed. We propose FQNet, which can infer the 3D IoU between the 3D proposals and the object solely based on 2D cues. Therefore, during the detection process, we sample a large number of candidates in the 3D space and project these 3D bounding boxes on 2D image individually. The best candidate can be picked out by simply exploring the spatial overlap between proposals and the object, in the form of the output 3D IoU score of FQNet. Experiments on the KITTI dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework. 
### 9.DeLiO: Decoupled LiDAR Odometry  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12667.pdf)
>  Most LiDAR odometry algorithms estimate the transformation between two consecutive frames by estimating the rotation and translation in an intervening fashion. In this paper, we propose our Decoupled LiDAR Odometry (DeLiO), which -- for the first time -- decouples the rotation estimation completely from the translation estimation. In particular, the rotation is estimated by extracting the surface normals from the input point clouds and tracking their characteristic pattern on a unit sphere. Using this rotation the point clouds are unrotated so that the underlying transformation is pure translation, which can be easily estimated using a line cloud approach. An evaluation is performed on the KITTI dataset and the results are compared against state-of-the-art algorithms. 
### 10.PCA-RECT: An Energy-efficient Object Detection Approach for Event Cameras  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12665.pdf)
>  We present the first purely event-based, energy-efficient approach for object detection and categorization using an event camera. Compared to traditional frame-based cameras, choosing event cameras results in high temporal resolution (order of microseconds), low power consumption (few hundred mW) and wide dynamic range (120 dB) as attractive properties. However, event-based object recognition systems are far behind their frame-based counterparts in terms of accuracy. To this end, this paper presents an event-based feature extraction method devised by accumulating local activity across the image frame and then applying principal component analysis (PCA) to the normalized neighborhood region. Subsequently, we propose a backtracking-free k-d tree mechanism for efficient feature matching by taking advantage of the low-dimensionality of the feature representation. Additionally, the proposed k-d tree mechanism allows for feature selection to obtain a lower-dimensional dictionary representation when hardware resources are limited to implement dimensionality reduction. Consequently, the proposed system can be realized on a field-programmable gate array (FPGA) device leading to high performance over resource ratio. The proposed system is tested on real-world event-based datasets for object categorization, showing superior classification performance and relevance to state-of-the-art algorithms. Additionally, we verified the object detection method and real-time FPGA performance in lab settings under non-controlled illumination conditions with limited training data and ground truth annotations. 
### 11.Actional-Structural Graph Convolutional Networks for Skeleton-based Action Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12659.pdf)
>  Action recognition with skeleton data has recently attracted much attention in computer vision. Previous studies are mostly based on fixed skeleton graphs, only capturing local physical dependencies among joints, which may miss implicit joint correlations. To capture richer dependencies, we introduce an encoder-decoder structure, called A-link inference module, to capture action-specific latent dependencies, i.e. actional links, directly from actions. We also extend the existing skeleton graphs to represent higher-order dependencies, i.e. structural links. Combing the two types of links into a generalized skeleton graph, we further propose the actional-structural graph convolution network (AS-GCN), which stacks actional-structural graph convolution and temporal convolution as a basic building block, to learn both spatial and temporal features for action recognition. A future pose prediction head is added in parallel to the recognition head to help capture more detailed action patterns through self-supervision. We validate AS-GCN in action recognition using two skeleton data sets, NTU-RGB+D and Kinetics. The proposed AS-GCN achieves consistently large improvement compared to the state-of-the-art methods. As a side product, AS-GCN also shows promising results for future pose prediction. 
### 12.MSDC-Net: Multi-Scale Dense and Contextual Networks for Automated Disparity Map for Stereo Matching  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12658.pdf)
>  Disparity prediction from stereo images is essential to computer vision applications including autonomous driving, 3D model reconstruction, and object detection. To predict accurate disparity map, we propose a novel deep learning architecture for detectingthe disparity map from a rectified pair of stereo images, called MSDC-Net. Our MSDC-Net contains two modules: multi-scale fusion 2D convolution and multi-scale residual 3D convolution modules. The multi-scale fusion 2D convolution module exploits the potential multi-scale features, which extracts and fuses the different scale features by Dense-Net. The multi-scale residual 3D convolution module learns the different scale geometry context from the cost volume which aggregated by the multi-scale fusion 2D convolution module. Experimental results on Scene Flow and KITTI datasets demonstrate that our MSDC-Net significantly outperforms other approaches in the non-occluded region. 
### 13.The Mutex Watershed and its Objective: Efficient, Parameter-Free Image Partitioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12654.pdf)
>  Image partitioning, or segmentation without semantics, is the task of decomposing an image into distinct segments, or equivalently to detect closed contours. Most prior work either requires seeds, one per segment; or a threshold; or formulates the task as multicut / correlation clustering, an NP-hard problem. Here, we propose a greedy algorithm for signed graph partitioning, the "Mutex Watershed". Unlike seeded watershed, the algorithm can accommodate not only attractive but also repulsive cues, allowing it to find a previously unspecified number of segments without the need for explicit seeds or a tunable threshold. We also prove that this simple algorithm solves to global optimality an objective function that is intimately related to the multicut / correlation clustering integer linear programming formulation. The algorithm is deterministic, very simple to implement, and has empirically linearithmic complexity. When presented with short-range attractive and long-range repulsive cues from a deep neural network, the Mutex Watershed gives the best results currently known for the competitive ISBI 2012 EM segmentation benchmark. 
### 14.Forward Vehicle Collision Warning Based on Quick Camera Calibration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12642.pdf)
>  Forward Vehicle Collision Warning (FCW) is one of the most important functions for autonomous vehicles. In this procedure, vehicle detection and distance measurement are core components, requiring accurate localization and estimation. In this paper, we propose a simple but efficient forward vehicle collision warning framework by aggregating monocular distance measurement and precise vehicle detection. In order to obtain forward vehicle distance, a quick camera calibration method which only needs three physical points to calibrate related camera parameters is utilized. As for the forward vehicle detection, a multi-scale detection algorithm that regards the result of calibration as distance priori is proposed to improve the precision. Intensive experiments are conducted in our established real scene dataset and the results have demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed framework. 
### 15.Tracking as A Whole: Multi-Target Tracking by Modeling Group Behavior with Sequential Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12641.pdf)
>  Video-based vehicle detection and tracking is one of the most important components for Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS). When it comes to road junctions, the problem becomes even more difficult due to the occlusions and complex interactions among vehicles. In order to get a precise detection and tracking result, in this work we propose a novel tracking-by-detection framework. In the detection stage, we present a sequential detection model to deal with serious occlusions. In the tracking stage, we model group behavior to treat complex interactions with overlaps and ambiguities. The main contributions of this paper are twofold: 1) Shape prior is exploited in the sequential detection model to tackle occlusions in crowded scene. 2) Traffic force is defined in the traffic scene to model group behavior, and it can assist to handle complex interactions among vehicles. We evaluate the proposed approach on real surveillance videos at road junctions and the performance has demonstrated the effectiveness of our method. 
### 16.TextCohesion: Detecting Text for Arbitrary Shapes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12640.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a pixel-wise detector named TextCohesion for scene text detection especially for those with arbitrary shapes. TextChohesion splits a text instance into 5 key components: a Text Skeleton, and four Directional pixel Regions. These components are easy to handle rather than directly control the entire text instance. We also introduce a confidence scoring mechanism to filter out the characters that are similar to texts. Our method can integrate text contexts intensively even grasp clues when it is very complex background. Experiments on challenging benchmarks demonstrate that our TextCohesion clearly outperform state-of-the-art methods and it achieves an F-measure of 84.6 and 86.3 on Total-Text and SCUT-CTW1500 respectively. 
### 17.Inner-Imaging Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12639.pdf)
>  Despite the tremendous success in computer vision, deep convolutional networks suffer from serious computation cost and redundancies. Although previous works address this issue by enhancing diversities of filters, they ignore that both complementarity and completeness are required in the internal structure of convolutional network. In this setting, we propose a novel Inner-Imaging architecture, which allows relationships between channels to meet the above requirement. Specifically, we organize the filter signal points in groups using convolutional kernels to model both the intra- and inter-group relationships simultaneously. Consequently, we not only increase diversities of channels but also explicitly enhance the complementarity and completeness. Our proposed architecture is lightweight and easy to be implemented for improving the modelling efficiency and performance. We conduct extensive experiments on CIFAR, SVHN and ImageNet and verify the effectiveness of our inner-imaging architecture with residual networks as the backbone. 
### 18.Context-Aware Zero-Shot Learning for Object Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12638.pdf)
>  Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL) aims at classifying unlabeled objects by leveraging auxiliary knowledge, such as semantic representations. A limitation of previous approaches is that only intrinsic properties of objects, e.g. their visual appearance, are taken into account while their context, e.g. the surrounding objects in the image, is ignored. Following the intuitive principle that objects tend to be found in certain contexts but not others, we propose a new and challenging approach, context-aware ZSL, that leverages semantic representations in a new way to model the conditional likelihood of an object to appear in a given context. Finally, through extensive experiments conducted on Visual Genome, we show that contextual information can substantially improve the standard ZSL approach and is robust to unbalanced classes. 
### 19.DADA-2000: Can Driving Accident be Predicted by Driver Attention? Analyzed by A Benchmark  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12634.pdf)
>  Driver attention prediction is currently becoming the focus in safe driving research community, such as the DR(eye)VE project and newly emerged Berkeley DeepDrive Attention (BDD-A) database in critical situations. In safe driving, an essential task is to predict the incoming accidents as early as possible. BDD-A was aware of this problem and collected the driver attention in laboratory because of the rarity of such scenes. Nevertheless, BDD-A focuses the critical situations which do not encounter actual accidents, and just faces the driver attention prediction task, without a close step for accident prediction. In contrast to this, we explore the view of drivers' eyes for capturing multiple kinds of accidents, and construct a more diverse and larger video benchmark than ever before with the driver attention and the driving accident annotation simultaneously (named as DADA-2000), which has 2000 video clips owning about 658,476 frames on 54 kinds of accidents. These clips are crowd-sourced and captured in various occasions (highway, urban, rural, and tunnel), weather (sunny, rainy and snowy) and light conditions (daytime and nighttime). For the driver attention representation, we collect the maps of fixations, saccade scan path and focusing time. The accidents are annotated by their categories, the accident window in clips and spatial locations of the crash-objects. Based on the analysis, we obtain a quantitative and positive answer for the question in this paper. 
### 20.A Personalized Affective Memory Neural Model for Improving Emotion Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12632.pdf)
>  Recent models of emotion recognition strongly rely on supervised deep learning solutions for the distinction of general emotion expressions. However, they are not reliable when recognizing online and personalized facial expressions, e.g., for person-specific affective understanding. In this paper, we present a neural model based on a conditional adversarial autoencoder to learn how to represent and edit general emotion expressions. We then propose Grow-When-Required networks as personalized affective memories to learn individualized aspects of emotion expressions. Our model achieves state-of-the-art performance on emotion recognition when evaluated on \textit{in-the-wild} datasets. Furthermore, our experiments include ablation studies and neural visualizations in order to explain the behavior of our model. 
### 21.Detecting inter-sectional accuracy differences in driver drowsiness detection algorithms  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12631.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been used successfully across a broad range of areas including data mining, object detection, and in business. The dominance of CNNs follows a breakthrough by Alex Krizhevsky which showed improvements by dramatically reducing the error rate obtained in a general image classification task from 26.2% to 15.4%. In road safety, CNNs have been applied widely to the detection of traffic signs, obstacle detection, and lane departure checking. In addition, CNNs have been used in data mining systems that monitor driving patterns and recommend rest breaks when appropriate. This paper presents a driver drowsiness detection system and shows that there are potential social challenges regarding the application of these techniques, by highlighting problems in detecting dark-skinned driver's faces. This is a particularly important challenge in African contexts, where there are more dark-skinned drivers. Unfortunately, publicly available datasets are often captured in different cultural contexts, and therefore do not cover all ethnicities, which can lead to false detections or racially biased models. This work evaluates the performance obtained when training convolutional neural network models on commonly used driver drowsiness detection datasets and testing on datasets specifically chosen for broader representation. Results show that models trained using publicly available datasets suffer extensively from over-fitting, and can exhibit racial bias, as shown by testing on a more representative dataset. We propose a novel visualisation technique that can assist in identifying groups of people where there might be the potential of discrimination, using Principal Component Analysis (PCA) to produce a grid of faces sorted by similarity, and combining these with a model accuracy overlay. 
### 22.Beauty Learning and Counterfactual Inference  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12629.pdf)
>  This work showcases a new approach for causal discovery by leveraging user experiments and recent advances in photo-realistic image editing, demonstrating a potential of identifying causal factors and understanding complex systems counterfactually. We introduce the beauty learning problem as an example, which has been discussed metaphysically for centuries and been proved exists, is quantifiable, and can be learned by deep models in our recent paper, where we utilize a natural image generator coupled with user studies to infer causal effects from facial semantics to beauty outcomes, the results of which also align with existing empirical studies. We expect the proposed framework for a broader application in causal inference. 
### 23.Computational Attention System for Children, Adults and Elderly  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12628.pdf)
>  The existing computational visual attention systems have focused on the objective to basically simulate and understand the concept of visual attention system in adults. Consequently, the impact of observer's age in scene viewing behavior has rarely been considered. This study quantitatively analyzed the age-related differences in gaze landings during scene viewing for three different class of images: naturals, man-made, and fractals. Observer's of different age-group have shown different scene viewing tendencies independent to the class of the image viewed. Several interesting observations are drawn from the results. First, gaze landings for man-made dataset showed that whereas child observers focus more on the scene foreground, i.e., locations that are near, elderly observers tend to explore the scene background, i.e., locations farther in the scene. Considering this result a framework is proposed in this paper to quantitatively measure the depth bias tendency across age groups. Second, the quantitative analysis results showed that children exhibit the lowest exploratory behavior level but the highest central bias tendency among the age groups and across the different scene categories. Third, inter-individual similarity metrics reveal that an adult had significantly lower gaze consistency with children and elderly compared to other adults for all the scene categories. Finally, these analysis results were consequently leveraged to develop a more accurate age-adapted saliency model independent to the image type. The prediction accuracy suggests that our model fits better to the collected eye-gaze data of the observers belonging to different age groups than the existing models do. 
### 24.Catch Me If You Can  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12627.pdf)
>  As advances in signature recognition have reached a new plateau of performance at around 2% error rate, it is interesting to investigate alternative approaches. The approach detailed in this paper looks at using Variational Auto-Encoders (VAEs) to learn a latent space representation of genuine signatures. This is then used to pass unlabelled signatures such that only the genuine ones will successfully be reconstructed by the VAE. This latent space representation and the reconstruction loss is subsequently used by random forest and kNN classifiers for prediction. Subsequently, VAE disentanglement and the possibility of posterior collapse are ascertained and analysed. The final results suggest that while this method performs less well than existing alternatives, further work may allow this to be used as part of an ensemble for future models. 
### 25.Crowd Management in Open Spaces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12625.pdf)
>  Crowd analysis and management is a challenging problem to ensure public safety and security. For this purpose, many techniques have been proposed to cope with various problems. However, the generalization capabilities of these techniques is limited due to ignoring the fact that the density of crowd changes from low to extreme high depending on the scene under observation. We propose robust feature based approach to deal with the problem of crowd management for people safety and security. We have evaluated our method using a benchmark dataset and have presented details analysis. 
### 26.Talk Proposal: Towards the Realistic Evaluation of Evasion Attacks using CARLA  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12622.pdf)
>  In this talk we describe our content-preserving attack on object detectors, ShapeShifter, and demonstrate how to evaluate this threat in realistic scenarios. We describe how we use CARLA, a realistic urban driving simulator, to create these scenarios, and how we use ShapeShifter to generate content-preserving attacks against those scenarios. 
### 27.AnonymousNet: Natural Face De-Identification with Measurable Privacy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12620.pdf)
>  With billions of personal images being generated from social media and cameras of all sorts on a daily basis, security and privacy are unprecedentedly challenged. Although extensive attempts have been made, existing face image de-identification techniques are either insufficient in photo-reality or incapable of balancing privacy and usability qualitatively and quantitatively, i.e., they fail to answer counterfactual questions such as "is it private now?", "how private is it?", and "can it be more private?" In this paper, we propose a novel framework called AnonymousNet, with an effort to address these issues systematically, balance usability, and enhance privacy in a natural and measurable manner. The framework encompasses four stages: facial attribute estimation, privacy-metric-oriented face obfuscation, directed natural image synthesis, and adversarial perturbation. Not only do we achieve the state-of-the-arts in terms of image quality and attribute prediction accuracy, we are also the first to show that facial privacy is measurable, can be factorized, and accordingly be manipulated in a photo-realistic fashion to fulfill different requirements and application scenarios. Experiments further demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework. 
### 28.Multiple receptive fields and small-object-focusing weakly-supervised segmentation network for fast object detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12619.pdf)
>  Object detection plays an important role in various visual applications. However, the precision and speed of detector are usually contradictory. One main reason for fast detectors' precision reduction is that small objects are hard to be detected. To address this problem, we propose a multiple receptive field and small-object-focusing weakly-supervised segmentation network (MRFSWSnet) to achieve fast object detection. In MRFSWSnet, multiple receptive fields block (MRF) is used to pay attention to the object and its adjacent background's different spatial location with different weights to enhance the feature's discriminability. In addition, in order to improve the accuracy of small object detection, a small-object-focusing weakly-supervised segmentation module which only focuses on small object instead of all objects is integrated into the detection network for auxiliary training to improve the precision of small object detection. Extensive experiments show the effectiveness of our method on both PASCAL VOC and MS COCO detection datasets. In particular, with a lower resolution version of 300x300, MRFSWSnet achieves 80.9% mAP on VOC2007 test with an inference speed of 15 milliseconds per frame, which is the state-of-the-art detector among real-time detectors. 
### 29.Deep Learning Based Automatic Video Annotation Tool for Self-Driving Car  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12618.pdf)
>  In a self-driving car, objection detection, object classification, lane detection and object tracking are considered to be the crucial modules. In recent times, using the real time video one wants to narrate the scene captured by the camera fitted in our vehicle. To effectively implement this task, deep learning techniques and automatic video annotation tools are widely used. In the present paper, we compare the various techniques that are available for each module and choose the best algorithm among them by using appropriate metrics. For object detection, YOLO and Retinanet-50 are considered and the best one is chosen based on mean Average Precision (mAP). For object classification, we consider VGG-19 and Resnet-50 and select the best algorithm based on low error rate and good accuracy. For lane detection, Udacity's 'Finding Lane Line' and deep learning based LaneNet algorithms are compared and the best one that can accurately identify the given lane is chosen for implementation. As far as object tracking is concerned, we compare Udacity's 'Object Detection and Tracking' algorithm and deep learning based Deep Sort algorithm. Based on the accuracy of tracking the same object in many frames and predicting the movement of objects, the best algorithm is chosen. Our automatic video annotation tool is found to be 83% accurate when compared with a human annotator. We considered a video with 530 frames each of resolution 1035 x 1800 pixels. At an average each frame had about 15 objects. Our annotation tool consumed 43 minutes in a CPU based system and 2.58 minutes in a mid-level GPU based system to process all four modules. But the same video took nearly 3060 minutes for one human annotator to narrate the scene in the given video. Thus we claim that our proposed automatic video annotation tool is reasonably fast (about 1200 times in a GPU system) and accurate. 
### 30.Everyone is a Cartoonist: Selfie Cartoonization with Attentive Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12615.pdf)
>  Selfie and cartoon are two popular artistic forms that are widely presented in our daily life. Despite the great progress in image translation/stylization, few techniques focus specifically on selfie cartoonization, since cartoon images usually contain artistic abstraction (e.g., large smoothing areas) and exaggeration (e.g., large/delicate eyebrows). In this paper, we address this problem by proposing a selfie cartoonization Generative Adversarial Network (scGAN), which mainly uses an attentive adversarial network (AAN) to emphasize specific facial regions and ignore low-level details. More specifically, we first design a cycle-like architecture to enable training with unpaired data. Then we design three losses from different aspects. A total variation loss is used to highlight important edges and contents in cartoon portraits. An attentive cycle loss is added to lay more emphasis on delicate facial areas such as eyes. In addition, a perceptual loss is included to eliminate artifacts and improve robustness of our method. Experimental results show that our method is capable of generating different cartoon styles and outperforms a number of state-of-the-art methods. 
### 31.State Classification of Cooking Objects Using a VGG CNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12613.pdf)
>  In machine learning, it is very important for a robot to know the state of an object and recognize particular desired states. This is an image classification problem that can be solved using a convolutional neural network. In this paper, we will discuss the use of a VGG convolutional neural network to recognize those states of cooking objects. We will discuss the uses of activation functions, optimizers, data augmentation, layer additions, and other different versions of architectures. The results of this paper will be used to identify alternatives to the VGG convolutional neural network to improve accuracy. 
### 32.Converting a Common Document Scanner to a Multispectral Scanner  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12603.pdf)
>  We propose the construction of a prototype scanner designed to capture multispectral images of documents. A standard sheet-feed scanner is modified by disconnecting its internal light source and connecting an external multispectral light source comprising of narrow band light emitting diodes (LED). A document is scanned by illuminating the scanner light guide successively with different LEDs and capturing a scan of the document. The system is portable and can be used for potential applications in verification of questioned documents, cheques, receipts and bank notes. 
### 33.EV-Action: Electromyography-Vision Multi-Modal Action Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12602.pdf)
>  Multi-modal human motion analysis is a critical and attractive research topic. Most existing multi-modal action datasets only provide visual modalities such as RGB, depth, or low quality skeleton data. In this paper, we introduce a new, large-scale dataset named EV-Action dataset. It consists RGB, depth, electromyography (EMG), and two skeleton modalities. Compared with others, our dataset has two major improvements: (1) we deploy a motion capturing system to obtain high quality skeleton modality, which provides more comprehensive motion information including skeleton, trajectory, and acceleration with higher accuracy, sample frequency, and more skeleton markers. (2) we include an EMG modality. While EMG is used as an effective indicator for biomechanics area, it has yet to be well explored in multimedia, computer vision, and machine learning areas. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first action dataset with EMG modality. In this paper, we introduce the details of EV-Action dataset. A simple yet effective framework for EMG-based action recognition is proposed. Moreover, we provide state-of-the-art baselines for each modality. The approaches achieve considerable improvements when EMG is involved, and it demonstrates the effectiveness of EMG modality in human action analysis tasks. We hope this dataset could make significant contributions to signal processing, multimedia, computer vision, machine learning, biomechanics, and other interdisciplinary fields. 
### 34.Self-Supervised Flow Estimation using Geometric Regularization with Applications to Camera Image and Grid Map Sequences  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12599.pdf)
>  We present a self-supervised approach to estimate flow in camera image and top-view grid map sequences using fully convolutional neural networks in the domain of automated driving. We extend existing approaches for self-supervised optical flow estimation by adding a regularizer expressing motion consistency assuming a static environment. However, as this assumption is violated for other moving traffic participants we also estimate a mask to scale this regularization. Adding a regularization towards motion consistency improves convergence and flow estimation accuracy. Furthermore, we scale the errors due to spatial flow inconsistency by a mask that we derive from the motion mask. This improves accuracy in regions where the flow drastically changes due to a better separation between static and dynamic environment. We apply our approach to optical flow estimation from camera image sequences, validate on odometry estimation and suggest a method to iteratively increase optical flow estimation accuracy using the generated motion masks. Finally, we provide quantitative and qualitative results based on the KITTI odometry and tracking benchmark for scene flow estimation based on grid map sequences. We show that we can improve accuracy and convergence when applying motion and spatial consistency regularization. 
### 35.Region homogeneity in the Logarithmic Image Processing framework: application to region growing algorithms  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12597.pdf)
>  In order to create an image segmentation method robust to lighting changes, two novel homogeneity criteria of an image region were studied. Both were defined using the Logarithmic Image Processing (LIP) framework whose laws model lighting changes. The first criterion estimates the LIP-additive homogeneity and is based on the LIP-additive law. It is theoretically insensitive to lighting changes caused by variations of the camera exposure-time or source intensity. The second, the LIP-multiplicative homogeneity criterion, is based on the LIP-multiplicative law and is insensitive to changes due to variations of the object thickness or opacity. Each criterion is then applied in Revol and Jourlin's (1997) region growing method which is based on the homogeneity of an image region. The region growing method becomes therefore robust to the lighting changes specific to each criterion. Experiments on simulated and on real images presenting lighting variations prove the robustness of the criteria to those variations. Compared to a state-of the art method based on the image component-tree, ours is more robust. These results open the way to numerous applications where the lighting is uncontrolled or partially controlled. 
### 36.An Ensemble of Neural Networks for Non-Linear Segmentation of Overlapped Cursive Script  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12592.pdf)
>  Precise character segmentation is the only solution towards higher Optical Character Recognition (OCR) accuracy. In cursive script, overlapped characters are serious issue in the process of character segmentations as characters are deprived from their discriminative parts using conventional linear segmentation strategy. Hence, non-linear segmentation is an utmost need to avoid loss of characters parts and to enhance character/script recognition accuracy. This paper presents an improved approach for non-linear segmentation of the overlapped characters in handwritten roman script. The proposed technique is composed of a sequence of heuristic rules based on geometrical features of characters to locate possible non-linear character boundaries in a cursive script word. However, to enhance efficiency, heuristic approach is integrated with trained ensemble neural network validation strategy for verification of character boundaries. Accordingly, correct boundaries are retained and incorrect are removed based on ensemble neural networks vote. Finally, based on verified valid segmentation points, characters are segmented non-linearly. For fair comparison CEDAR benchmark database is experimented. The experimental results are much better than conventional linear character segmentation techniques reported in the state of art. Ensemble neural network play vital role to enhance character segmentation accuracy as compared to individual neural networks. 
### 37.A dual branch deep neural network for classification and detection in mammograms  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12589.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning architecture for joint classification and localization of abnormalities in mammograms. We first assume a weakly supervised setting and present a new approach with data driven decisions. This novel network combines two learning branches with region-level classification and region ranking. The network provides a global classification of the image into multiple classes, such as malignant, benign or normal. Our method further enables the localization of abnormalities as global class discriminative regions in full mammogram resolution. Next, we extend this method to a semi-supervised setting that engages a small set of local annotations, using a novel architecture, and a multi-task objective function. We present the impact of the local annotations on several performance measures, including localization, to evaluate the cost effectiveness of lesion annotation effort. Our evaluation is made over a large multi-center mammography dataset of $\sim$3,000 mammograms with various findings. Experimental results demonstrate the capabilities and advantages of the proposed method over previous weakly-supervised strategies, and the impact of semi-supervised learning. We show that targeting the annotation of only 5% of the images can significantly boost performance. 
### 38.Robust object extraction from remote sensing data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12586.pdf)
>  The extraction of object outlines has been a research topic during the last decades. In spite of advances in photogrammetry, remote sensing and computer vision, this task remains challenging due to object and data complexity. The development of object extraction approaches is promoted through publically available benchmark datasets and evaluation frameworks. Many aspects of performance evaluation have already been studied. This study collects the best practices from literature, puts the various aspects in one evaluation framework, and demonstrates its usefulness to a case study on mapping object outlines. The evaluation framework includes five dimensions: the robustness to changes in resolution, input, location, parameters, and application. Examples for investigating these dimensions are provided, as well as accuracy measures for their qualitative analysis. The measures consist of time efficiency and a procedure for line-based accuracy assessment regarding quantitative completeness and spatial correctness. The delineation approach to which the evaluation framework is applied, was previously introduced and is substantially improved in this study. 
### 39.X-Ray CT Reconstruction of Additively Manufactured Parts using 2.5D Deep Learning MBIR  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12585.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a deep learning algorithm to rapidly obtain high quality CT reconstructions for AM parts. In particular, we propose to use CAD models of the parts that are to be manufactured, introduce typical defects and simulate XCT measurements. These simulated measurements were processed using FBP (computationally simple but result in noisy images) and the MBIR technique. We then train a 2.5D deep convolutional neural network [4], deemed 2.5D Deep Learning MBIR (2.5D DL-MBIR), on these pairs of noisy and high-quality 3D volumes to learn a fast, non-linear mapping function. The 2.5D DL-MBIR reconstructs a 3D volume in a 2.5D scheme where each slice is reconstructed from multiple inputs slices of the FBP input. Given this trained system, we can take a small set of measurements on an actual part, process it using a combination of FBP followed by 2.5D DL-MBIR. Both steps can be rapidly performed using GPUs, resulting in a real-time algorithm that achieves the high-quality of MBIR as fast as standard techniques. Intuitively, since CAD models are typically available for parts to be manufactured, this provides a strong constraint "prior" which can be leveraged to improve the reconstruction. 
### 40.The Neuro-Symbolic Concept Learner: Interpreting Scenes, Words, and Sentences From Natural Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12584.pdf)
>  We propose the Neuro-Symbolic Concept Learner (NS-CL), a model that learns visual concepts, words, and semantic parsing of sentences without explicit supervision on any of them; instead, our model learns by simply looking at images and reading paired questions and answers. Our model builds an object-based scene representation and translates sentences into executable, symbolic programs. To bridge the learning of two modules, we use a neuro-symbolic reasoning module that executes these programs on the latent scene representation. Analogical to human concept learning, the perception module learns visual concepts based on the language description of the object being referred to. Meanwhile, the learned visual concepts facilitate learning new words and parsing new sentences. We use curriculum learning to guide the searching over the large compositional space of images and language. Extensive experiments demonstrate the accuracy and efficiency of our model on learning visual concepts, word representations, and semantic parsing of sentences. Further, our method allows easy generalization to new object attributes, compositions, language concepts, scenes and questions, and even new program domains. It also empowers applications including visual question answering and bidirectional image-text retrieval. 
### 41.Casting Geometric Constraints in Semantic Segmentation as Semi-Supervised Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12534.pdf)
>  We propose a simple yet effective method to learn to segment new indoor scenes from an RGB-D sequence: State-of-the-art methods trained on one dataset, even as large as SUNRGB-D dataset, can perform poorly when applied to images that are not part of the dataset, because of the dataset bias, a common phenomenon in computer vision. To make semantic segmentation more useful in practice, we learn to segment new indoor scenes from sequences without manual annotations by exploiting geometric constraints and readily available training data from SUNRGB-D. As a result, we can then robustly segment new images of these scenes from color information only. To efficiently exploit geometric constraints for our purpose, we propose to cast these constraints as semi-supervised terms, which enforce the fact that the same class should be predicted for the projections of the same 3D location in different images. We show that this approach results in a simple yet very powerful method, which can annotate sequences of ScanNet and our own sequences using only annotations from SUNRGB-D. 
### 42.Meta Anti-spoofing: Learning to Learn in Face Anti-spoofing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12490.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing is crucial to the security of face recognition systems. Previously, most methods formulate face anti-spoofing as a supervised learning problem to detect various predefined presentation attacks (PA). However, new attack methods keep evolving that produce new forms of spoofing faces to compromise the existing detectors. This requires researchers to collect a large number of samples to train classifiers for detecting new attacks, which is often costly and leads the later newly evolved attack samples to remain in small scales. Alternatively, we define face anti-spoofing as a few-shot learning problem with evolving new attacks and propose a novel face anti-spoofing approach via meta-learning named Meta Face Anti-spoofing (Meta-FAS). Meta-FAS addresses the above-mentioned problems by training the classifiers how to learn to detect the spoofing faces with few examples. To assess the effectiveness of the proposed approach, we propose a series of evaluation benchmarks based on public datasets (\textit{e.g.}, OULU-NPU, SiW, CASIA-MFSD, Replay-Attack, MSU-MFSD, 3D-MAD, and CASIA-SURF), and the proposed approach shows its superior performances to compared methods. 
### 43.Self-Attention Capsule Networks for Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12483.pdf)
>  We propose a novel architecture for image classification, called Self-Attention Capsule Networks (SACN). SACN is the first model that incorporates the Self-Attention mechanism as an integral layer within the Capsule Network (CapsNet). While the Self-Attention mechanism selects the more dominant image regions to focus on, the CapsNet analyzes the relevant features and their spatial correlations inside these regions only. The features are extracted in the convolutional layer. Then, the Self-Attention layer learns to suppress irrelevant regions based on features analysis, and highlights salient features useful for a specific task. The attention map is then fed into the CapsNet primary layer that is followed by a classification layer. The SACN proposed model was designed to use a relatively shallow CapsNet architecture to reduce computational load, and compensates for the absence of a deeper network by using the Self-Attention module to significantly improve the results. The proposed Self-Attention CapsNet architecture was extensively evaluated on five different datasets, mainly on three different medical sets, in addition to the natural MNIST and SVHN. The model was able to classify images and their patches with diverse and complex backgrounds better than the baseline CapsNet. As a result, the proposed Self-Attention CapsNet significantly improved classification performance within and across different datasets and outperformed the baseline CapsNet not only in classification accuracy but also in robustness. 
### 44.HOG feature extraction from encrypted images for privacy-preserving machine learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12434.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an extraction method of HOG (histograms-of-oriented-gradients) features from encryption-then-compression (EtC) images for privacy-preserving machine learning, where EtC images are images encrypted by a block-based encryption method proposed for EtC systems with JPEG compression, and HOG is a feature descriptor used in computer vision for the purpose of object detection and image classification. Recently, cloud computing and machine learning have been spreading in many fields. However, the cloud computing has serious privacy issues for end users, due to unreliability of providers and some accidents. Accordingly, we propose a novel block-based extraction method of HOG features, and the proposed method enables us to carry out any machine learning algorithms without any influence, under some conditions. In an experiment, the proposed method is applied to a face image recognition problem under the use of two kinds of classifiers: linear support vector machine (SVM), gaussian SVM, to demonstrate the effectiveness. 
### 45.Automatic extrinsic calibration between a camera and a 3D Lidar using 3D point and plane correspondences  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12433.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an automated method to obtain the extrinsic calibration parameters between a camera and a 3D lidar with as low as 16 beams. We use a checkerboard as a reference to obtain features of interest in both sensor frames. The calibration board centre point and normal vector are automatically extracted from the lidar point cloud by exploiting the geometry of the board. The corresponding features in the camera image are obtained from the camera's extrinsic matrix. We explain the reasons behind selecting these features, and why they are more robust compared to other possibilities. To obtain the optimal extrinsic parameters, we choose a genetic algorithm to address the highly non-linear state space. The process is automated after defining the bounds of the 3D experimental region relative to the lidar, and the true board dimensions. In addition, the camera is assumed to be intrinsically calibrated. Our method requires a minimum of 3 checkerboard poses, and the calibration accuracy is demonstrated by evaluating our algorithm using real world and simulated features. 
### 46.Attribute Guided Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation with Semi-supervised Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12428.pdf)
>  Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation (UIT) focuses on translating images among different domains by using unpaired data, which has received increasing research focus due to its practical usage. However, existing UIT schemes defect in the need of supervised training, as well as the lack of encoding domain information. In this paper, we propose an Attribute Guided UIT model termed AGUIT to tackle these two challenges. AGUIT considers multi-modal and multi-domain tasks of UIT jointly with a novel semi-supervised setting, which also merits in representation disentanglement and fine control of outputs. Especially, AGUIT benefits from two-fold: (1) It adopts a novel semi-supervised learning process by translating attributes of labeled data to unlabeled data, and then reconstructing the unlabeled data by a cycle consistency operation. (2) It decomposes image representation into domain-invariant content code and domain-specific style code. The redesigned style code embeds image style into two variables drawn from standard Gaussian distribution and the distribution of domain label, which facilitates the fine control of translation due to the continuity of both variables. Finally, we introduce a new challenge, i.e., disentangled transfer, for UIT models, which adopts the disentangled representation to translate data less related with the training set. Extensive experiments demonstrate the capacity of AGUIT over existing state-of-the-art models. 
### 47.LeGR: Filter Pruning via Learned Global Ranking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12368.pdf)
>  Filter pruning has shown to be effective for learning resource-constrained convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, prior methods for resource-constrained filter pruning have some limitations that hinder their effectiveness and efficiency. When searching for constraint-satisfying CNNs, prior methods either alter the optimization objective or adopt local search algorithms with heuristic parameterization, which are sub-optimal, especially in low-resource regime. From the efficiency perspective, prior methods are often costly to search for constraint-satisfying CNNs. In this work, we propose learned global ranking, dubbed LeGR, which improves upon prior art in the two aforementioned dimensions. Inspired by theoretical analysis, LeGR is parameterized to learn layer-wise affine transformations over the filter norms to construct a learned global ranking. With global ranking, resource-constrained filter pruning at various constraint levels can be done efficiently. We conduct extensive empirical analyses to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm with ResNet and MobileNetV2 networks on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, Bird-200, and ImageNet datasets. Code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cmu-enyac/LeGR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 48.Unsupervised Feature Learning for Point Cloud by Contrasting and Clustering With Graph Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12359.pdf)
>  To alleviate the cost of collecting and annotating large-scale point cloud datasets, we propose an unsupervised learning approach to learn features from unlabeled point cloud "3D object" dataset by using part contrasting and object clustering with deep graph neural networks (GNNs). In the contrast learning step, all the samples in the 3D object dataset are cut into two parts and put into a "part" dataset. Then a contrast learning GNN (ContrastNet) is trained to verify whether two randomly sampled parts from the part dataset belong to the same object. In the cluster learning step, the trained ContrastNet is applied to all the samples in the original 3D object dataset to extract features, which are used to group the samples into clusters. Then another GNN for clustering learning (ClusterNet) is trained to predict the cluster ID of all the training samples. The contrasting learning forces the ContrastNet to learn high-level semantic features of objects but probably ignores low-level features, while the ClusterNet improves the quality of learned features by being trained to discover objects that probably belong to the same semantic categories by the use of cluster IDs. We have conducted extensive experiments to evaluate the proposed framework on point cloud classification tasks. The proposed unsupervised learning approach obtained comparable performance to the state-of-the-art unsupervised learning methods that used much more complicated network structures. The code of this work is publicly available via: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lingzhang1/ContrastNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 49.Deferred Neural Rendering: Image Synthesis using Neural Textures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12356.pdf)
>  The modern computer graphics pipeline can synthesize images at remarkable visual quality; however, it requires well-defined, high-quality 3D content as input. In this work, we explore the use of imperfect 3D content, for instance, obtained from photo-metric reconstructions with noisy and incomplete surface geometry, while still aiming to produce photo-realistic (re-)renderings. To address this challenging problem, we introduce Deferred Neural Rendering, a new paradigm for image synthesis that combines the traditional graphics pipeline with learnable components. Specifically, we propose Neural Textures, which are learned feature maps that are trained as part of the scene capture process. Similar to traditional textures, neural textures are stored as maps on top of 3D mesh proxies; however, the high-dimensional feature maps contain significantly more information, which can be interpreted by our new deferred neural rendering pipeline. Both neural textures and deferred neural renderer are trained end-to-end, enabling us to synthesize photo-realistic images even when the original 3D content was imperfect. In contrast to traditional, black-box 2D generative neural networks, our 3D representation gives us explicit control over the generated output, and allows for a wide range of application domains. For instance, we can synthesize temporally-consistent video re-renderings of recorded 3D scenes as our representation is inherently embedded in 3D space. This way, neural textures can be utilized to coherently re-render or manipulate existing video content in both static and dynamic environments at real-time rates. We show the effectiveness of our approach in several experiments on novel view synthesis, scene editing, and facial reenactment, and compare to state-of-the-art approaches that leverage the standard graphics pipeline as well as conventional generative neural networks. 
### 50.Domain Agnostic Learning with Disentangled Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12347.pdf)
>  Unsupervised model transfer has the potential to greatly improve the generalizability of deep models to novel domains. Yet the current literature assumes that the separation of target data into distinct domains is known as a priori. In this paper, we propose the task of Domain-Agnostic Learning (DAL): How to transfer knowledge from a labeled source domain to unlabeled data from arbitrary target domains? To tackle this problem, we devise a novel Deep Adversarial Disentangled Autoencoder (DADA) capable of disentangling domain-specific features from class identity. We demonstrate experimentally that when the target domain labels are unknown, DADA leads to state-of-the-art performance on several image classification datasets. 
### 51.An approach to image denoising using manifold approximation without clean images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12323.pdf)
>  Image restoration has been an extensively researched topic in numerous fields. With the advent of deep learning, a lot of the current algorithms were replaced by algorithms that are more flexible and robust. Deep networks have demonstrated impressive performance in a variety of tasks like blind denoising, image enhancement, deblurring, super-resolution, inpainting, among others. Most of these learning-based algorithms use a large amount of clean data during the training process. However, in certain applications in medical image processing, one may not have access to a large amount of clean data. In this paper, we propose a method for denoising that attempts to learn the denoising process by pushing the noisy data close to the clean data manifold, using only noisy images during training. Furthermore, we use perceptual loss terms and an iterative refinement step to further refine the clean images without losing important features. 
### 52.Classification and Detection in Mammograms with Weak Supervision via Dual Branch Deep Neural Net  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12319.pdf)
>  The high cost of generating expert annotations, poses a strong limitation for supervised machine learning methods in medical imaging. Weakly supervised methods may provide a solution to this tangle. In this study, we propose a novel deep learning architecture for multi-class classification of mammograms according to the severity of their containing anomalies, having only a global tag over the image. The suggested scheme further allows localization of the different types of findings in full resolution. The new scheme contains a dual branch network that combines region-level classification with region ranking. We evaluate our method on a large multi-center mammography dataset including $\sim$3,000 mammograms with various anomalies and demonstrate the advantages of the proposed method over a previous weakly-supervised strategy. 
### 53.RL-GAN-Net: A Reinforcement Learning Agent Controlled GAN Network for Real-Time Point Cloud Shape Completion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12304.pdf)
>  We present RL-GAN-Net, where a reinforcement learning (RL) agent provides fast and robust control of a generative adversarial network (GAN). Our framework is applied to point cloud shape completion that converts noisy, partial point cloud data into a high-fidelity completed shape by controlling the GAN. While a GAN is unstable and hard to train, we circumvent the problem by (1) training the GAN on the latent space representation whose dimension is reduced compared to the raw point cloud input and (2) using an RL agent to find the correct input to the GAN to generate the latent space representation of the shape that best fits the current input of incomplete point cloud. The suggested pipeline robustly completes point cloud with large missing regions. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to train an RL agent to control the GAN, which effectively learns the highly nonlinear mapping from the input noise of the GAN to the latent space of point cloud. The RL agent replaces the need for complex optimization and consequently makes our technique real time. Additionally, we demonstrate that our pipelines can be used to enhance the classification accuracy of point cloud with missing data. 
### 54.Synthetic Data Generation and Adaption for Object Detection in Smart Vending Machines  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12294.pdf)
>  This paper presents an improved scheme for the generation and adaption of synthetic images for the training of deep Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs) to perform the object detection task in smart vending machines. While generating synthetic data has proved to be effective for complementing the training data in supervised learning methods, challenges still exist for generating virtual images which are similar to those of the complex real scenes and minimizing redundant training data. To solve these problems, we consider the simulation of cluttered objects placed in a virtual scene and the wide-angle camera with distortions used to capture the whole scene in the data generation process, and post-processed the generated images with a elaborately-designed generative network to make them more similar to the real images. Various experiments have been conducted to prove the efficiency of using the generated virtual images to enhance the detection precision on existing datasets with limited real training data and the generalization ability of applying the trained network to datasets collected in new environment. 
### 55.3D Dynamic Point Cloud Denoising via Spatio-temporal Graph Modeling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12284.pdf)
>  The prevalence of accessible depth sensing and 3D laser scanning techniques has enabled the convenient acquisition of 3D dynamic point clouds, which provide efficient representation of arbitrarily-shaped objects in motion. Nevertheless, dynamic point clouds are often perturbed by noise due to hardware, software or other causes. While many methods have been proposed for the denoising of static point clouds, dynamic point cloud denoising has not been studied in the literature yet. Hence, we address this problem based on the proposed spatio-temporal graph modeling, exploiting both the intra-frame similarity and inter-frame consistency. Specifically, we first represent a point cloud sequence on graphs and model it via spatio-temporal Gaussian Markov Random Fields on defined patches. Then for each target patch, we pose a Maximum a Posteriori estimation, and propose the corresponding likelihood and prior functions via spectral graph theory, leveraging its similar patches within the same frame and corresponding patch in the previous frame. This leads to our problem formulation, which jointly optimizes the underlying dynamic point cloud and spatio-temporal graph. Finally, we propose an efficient algorithm for patch construction, similar/corresponding patch search, intra- and inter-frame graph construction, and the optimization of our problem formulation via alternating minimization. Experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms frame-by-frame denoising from state-of-the-art static point cloud denoising approaches. 
### 56.Robust subspace clustering by Cauchy loss function  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12274.pdf)
>  Subspace clustering is a problem of exploring the low-dimensional subspaces of high-dimensional data. State-of-the-arts approaches are designed by following the model of spectral clustering based method. These methods pay much attention to learn the representation matrix to construct a suitable similarity matrix and overlook the influence of the noise term on subspace clustering. However, the real data are always contaminated by the noise and the noise usually has a complicated statistical distribution. To alleviate this problem, we in this paper propose a subspace clustering method based on Cauchy loss function (CLF). Particularly, it uses CLF to penalize the noise term for suppressing the large noise mixed in the real data. This is due to that the CLF's influence function has a upper bound which can alleviate the influence of a single sample, especially the sample with a large noise, on estimating the residuals. Furthermore, we theoretically prove the grouping effect of our proposed method, which means that highly correlated data can be grouped together. Finally, experimental results on five real datasets reveal that our proposed method outperforms several representative clustering methods. 
### 57.X-Ray Image Compression Using Convolutional Recurrent Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12271.pdf)
>  In the advent of a digital health revolution, vast amounts of clinical data are being generated, stored and processed on a daily basis. This has made the storage and retrieval of large volumes of health-care data, especially, high-resolution medical images, particularly challenging. Effective image compression for medical images thus plays a vital role in today's healthcare information system, particularly in teleradiology. In this work, an X-ray image compression method based on a Convolutional Recurrent Neural Networks RNN-Conv is presented. The proposed architecture can provide variable compression rates during deployment while it requires each network to be trained only once for a specific dimension of X-ray images. The model uses a multi-level pooling scheme that learns contextualized features for effective compression. We perform our image compression experiments on the National Institute of Health (NIH) ChestX-ray8 dataset and compare the performance of the proposed architecture with a state-of-the-art RNN based technique and JPEG 2000. The experimental results depict improved compression performance achieved by the proposed method in terms of Structural Similarity Index (SSIM) and Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR) metrics. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first reported evaluation on using a deep convolutional RNN for medical image compression. 
### 58.Spatio-Temporal Filter Adaptive Network for Video Deblurring  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12257.pdf)
>  Video deblurring is a challenging task due to the spatially variant blur caused by camera shake, object motions, and depth variations, etc. Existing methods usually estimate optical flow in the blurry video to align consecutive frames or approximate blur kernels. However, they tend to generate artifacts or cannot effectively remove blur when the estimated optical flow is not accurate. To overcome the limitation of separate optical flow estimation, we propose a Spatio-Temporal Filter Adaptive Network (STFAN) for the alignment and deblurring in a unified framework. The proposed STFAN takes both blurry and restored images of the previous frame as well as blurry image of the current frame as input, and dynamically generates the spatially adaptive filters for the alignment and deblurring. We then propose a new Filter Adaptive Convolutional (FAC) layers to align the deblurred features of the previous frame with the current frame and remove the spatially variant blur from the features of the current frame. Finally, we develop a reconstruction network which takes the fusion of two transformed features to restore the clear frames. Both quantitative and qualitative evaluation results on the benchmark datasets and real-world videos demonstrate that the proposed algorithm performs favorably against state-of-the-art methods in terms of accuracy, speed as well as model size. 
### 59.Translate-to-Recognize Networks for RGB-D Scene Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12254.pdf)
>  Cross-modal transfer is helpful to enhance modality-specific discriminative power for scene recognition. To this end, this paper presents a unified framework to integrate the tasks of cross-modal translation and modality-specific recognition, termed as Translate-to-Recognize Network (TRecgNet). Specifically, both translation and recognition tasks share the same encoder network, which allows to explicitly regularize the training of recognition task with the help of translation, and thus improve its final generalization ability. For translation task, we place a decoder module on top of the encoder network and it is optimized with a new layer-wise semantic loss, while for recognition task, we use a linear classifier based on the feature embedding from encoder and its training is guided by the standard cross-entropy loss. In addition, our TRecgNet allows to exploit large numbers of unlabeled RGB-D data to train the translation task and thus improve the representation power of encoder network. Empirically, we verify that this new semi-supervised setting is able to further enhance the performance of recognition network. We perform experiments on two RGB-D scene recognition benchmarks: NYU Depth v2 and SUN RGB-D, demonstrating that TRecgNet achieves superior performance to the existing state-of-the-art methods, especially for recognition solely based on a single modality. 
### 60.Hierarchical Recurrent Neural Network for Video Summarization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12251.pdf)
>  Exploiting the temporal dependency among video frames or subshots is very important for the task of video summarization. Practically, RNN is good at temporal dependency modeling, and has achieved overwhelming performance in many video-based tasks, such as video captioning and classification. However, RNN is not capable enough to handle the video summarization task, since traditional RNNs, including LSTM, can only deal with short videos, while the videos in the summarization task are usually in longer duration. To address this problem, we propose a hierarchical recurrent neural network for video summarization, called H-RNN in this paper. Specifically, it has two layers, where the first layer is utilized to encode short video subshots cut from the original video, and the final hidden state of each subshot is input to the second layer for calculating its confidence to be a key subshot. Compared to traditional RNNs, H-RNN is more suitable to video summarization, since it can exploit long temporal dependency among frames, meanwhile, the computation operations are significantly lessened. The results on two popular datasets, including the Combined dataset and VTW dataset, have demonstrated that the proposed H-RNN outperforms the state-of-the-arts. 
### 61.Weighted Dark Channel Dehazing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12245.pdf)
>  In dark channel based methods, local constant assumption is widely used to make the algorithms invertible. It inevitably introduces defects since the assumption can not perfectly avoid depth discontinuities and meanwhile cover enough pixels. Unfortunately, because of the limitation of the prior, which only confirms the existence of dark things but does not specify their locations or likelihood, no fidelity measurement is available in refinement thus the defects are either under-corrected or over-corrected. In this paper, we go deeper than the dark channel theory to overcome this problem. We split the concept of dark channel into dark pixels and local constant assumption, and then, control the problematic assumption based on a novel weight map. With such effort, our methods show significant improvement on quality and have competitive speed. In the last, we show that the method is highly robust to initial transmission estimates and can be ever-improved by providing better dark pixel locations. 
### 62.Collage Inference: Tolerating Stragglers in Distributed Neural Network Inference using Coding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12222.pdf)
>  MLaaS (ML-as-a-Service) offerings by cloud computing platforms are becoming increasingly popular these days. Pre-trained machine learning models are deployed on the cloud to support prediction based applications and services. For achieving higher throughput, incoming requests are served by running multiple replicas of the model on different machines concurrently. Incidence of straggler nodes in distributed inference is a significant concern since it can increase inference latency, violate SLOs of the service. In this paper, we propose a novel coded inference model to deal with stragglers in distributed image classification. We propose modified single shot object detection models, Collage-CNN models, to provide necessary resilience efficiently. A Collage-CNN model takes collage images formed by combining multiple images as its input and performs multi-image classification in one shot. We generate custom training collages using images from standard image classification datasets and train the model to achieve high classification accuracy. Deploying the Collage-CNN models in the cloud, we demonstrate that the 99th percentile latency can be reduced by 1.45X to 2.46X compared to replication based approaches and without compromising prediction accuracy. 
### 63.Human-Centered Emotion Recognition in Animated GIFs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12201.pdf)
>  As an intuitive way of expression emotion, the animated Graphical Interchange Format (GIF) images have been widely used on social media. Most previous studies on automated GIF emotion recognition fail to effectively utilize GIF's unique properties, and this potentially limits the recognition performance. In this study, we demonstrate the importance of human related information in GIFs and conduct human-centered GIF emotion recognition with a proposed Keypoint Attended Visual Attention Network (KAVAN). The framework consists of a facial attention module and a hierarchical segment temporal module. The facial attention module exploits the strong relationship between GIF contents and human characters, and extracts frame-level visual feature with a focus on human faces. The Hierarchical Segment LSTM (HS-LSTM) module is then proposed to better learn global GIF representations. Our proposed framework outperforms the state-of-the-art on the MIT GIFGIF dataset. Furthermore, the facial attention module provides reliable facial region mask predictions, which improves the model's interpretability. 
### 64.Non-Local Context Encoder: Robust Biomedical Image Segmentation against Adversarial Attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12181.pdf)
>  Recent progress in biomedical image segmentation based on deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) has drawn much attention. However, its vulnerability towards adversarial samples cannot be overlooked. This paper is the first one that discovers that all the CNN-based state-of-the-art biomedical image segmentation models are sensitive to adversarial perturbations. This limits the deployment of these methods in safety-critical biomedical fields. In this paper, we discover that global spatial dependencies and global contextual information in a biomedical image can be exploited to defend against adversarial attacks. To this end, non-local context encoder (NLCE) is proposed to model short- and long range spatial dependencies and encode global contexts for strengthening feature activations by channel-wise attention. The NLCE modules enhance the robustness and accuracy of the non-local context encoding network (NLCEN), which learns robust enhanced pyramid feature representations with NLCE modules, and then integrates the information across different levels. Experiments on both lung and skin lesion segmentation datasets have demonstrated that NLCEN outperforms any other state-of-the-art biomedical image segmentation methods against adversarial attacks. In addition, NLCE modules can be applied to improve the robustness of other CNN-based biomedical image segmentation methods. 
### 65.Unsupervised and Unregistered Hyperspectral Image Super-Resolution with Mutual Dirichlet-Net  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12175.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral images (HSI) provide rich spectral information that contributed to the successful performance improvement of numerous computer vision tasks. However, it can only be achieved at the expense of images' spatial resolution. Hyperspectral image super-resolution (HSI-SR) addresses this problem by fusing low resolution (LR) HSI with multispectral image (MSI) carrying much higher spatial resolution (HR). All existing HSI-SR approaches require the LR HSI and HR MSI to be well registered and the reconstruction accuracy of the HR HSI relies heavily on the registration accuracy of different modalities. This paper exploits the uncharted problem domain of HSI-SR without the requirement of multi-modality registration. Given the unregistered LR HSI and HR MSI with overlapped regions, we design a unique unsupervised learning structure linking the two unregistered modalities by projecting them into the same statistical space through the same encoder. The mutual information (MI) is further adopted to capture the non-linear statistical dependencies between the representations from two modalities (carrying spatial information) and their raw inputs. By maximizing the MI, spatial correlations between different modalities can be well characterized to further reduce the spectral distortion. A collaborative $l_{2,1}$ norm is employed as the reconstruction error instead of the more common $l_2$ norm, so that individual pixels can be recovered as accurately as possible. With this design, the network allows to extract correlated spectral and spatial information from unregistered images that better preserves the spectral information. The proposed method is referred to as unregistered and unsupervised mutual Dirichlet Net ($u^2$-MDN). Extensive experimental results using benchmark HSI datasets demonstrate the superior performance of $u^2$-MDN as compared to the state-of-the-art. 
### 66.Improved Conditional VRNNs for Video Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12165.pdf)
>  Predicting future frames for a video sequence is a challenging generative modeling task. Promising approaches include probabilistic latent variable models such as the Variational Auto-Encoder. While VAEs can handle uncertainty and model multiple possible future outcomes, they have a tendency to produce blurry predictions. In this work we argue that this is a sign of underfitting. To address this issue, we propose to increase the expressiveness of the latent distributions and to use higher capacity likelihood models. Our approach relies on a hierarchy of latent variables, which defines a family of flexible prior and posterior distributions in order to better model the probability of future sequences. We validate our proposal through a series of ablation experiments and compare our approach to current state-of-the-art latent variable models. Our method performs favorably under several metrics in three different datasets. 
### 67.IsMo-GAN: Adversarial Learning for Monocular Non-Rigid 3D Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12144.pdf)
>  The majority of the existing methods for non-rigid 3D surface regression from monocular 2D images require an object template or point tracks over multiple frames as an input, and are still far from real-time processing rates. In this work, we present the Isometry-Aware Monocular Generative Adversarial Network (IsMo-GAN) - an approach for direct 3D reconstruction from a single image, trained for the deformation model in an adversarial manner on a light-weight synthetic dataset. IsMo-GAN reconstructs surfaces from real images under varying illumination, camera poses, textures and shading at over 250 Hz. In multiple experiments, it consistently outperforms several approaches in the reconstruction accuracy, runtime, generalisation to unknown surfaces and robustness to occlusions. In comparison to the state-of-the-art, we reduce the reconstruction error by 10-30% including the textureless case and our surfaces evince fewer artefacts qualitatively. 
### 68.A Novel Dual-Lidar Calibration Algorithm Using Planar Surfaces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12116.pdf)
>  Multiple lidars are prevalently used on mobile vehicles for rendering a broad view to enhance the performance of localization and perception systems. However, precise calibration of multiple lidars is challenging since the feature correspondences in scan points cannot always provide enough constraints. To address this problem, the existing methods require fixed calibration targets in scenes or rely exclusively on additional sensors. In this paper, we present a novel method that enables automatic lidar calibration without these restrictions. Three linearly independent planar surfaces appearing in surroundings is utilized to find correspondences. Two components are developed to ensure the extrinsic parameters to be found: a closed-form solver for initialization and an optimizer for refinement by minimizing a nonlinear cost function. Simulation and experimental results demonstrate the high accuracy of our calibration approach with the rotation and translation errors smaller than 0.05rad and 0.1m respectively. 
### 69.Fast Infant MRI Skullstripping with Multiview 2D Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12101.pdf)
>  Skullstripping is defined as the task of segmenting brain tissue from a full head magnetic resonance image~(MRI). It is a critical component in neuroimage processing pipelines. Downstream deformable registration and whole brain segmentation performance is highly dependent on accurate skullstripping. Skullstripping is an especially challenging task for infant~(age range 0--18 months) head MRI images due to the significant size and shape variability of the head and the brain in that age range. Infant brain tissue development also changes the $T_1$-weighted image contrast over time, making consistent skullstripping a difficult task. Existing tools for adult brain MRI skullstripping are ill equipped to handle these variations and a specialized infant MRI skullstripping algorithm is necessary. In this paper, we describe a supervised skullstripping algorithm that utilizes three trained fully convolutional neural networks~(CNN), each of which segments 2D $T_1$-weighted slices in axial, coronal, and sagittal views respectively. The three probabilistic segmentations in the three views are linearly fused and thresholded to produce a final brain mask. We compared our method to existing adult and infant skullstripping algorithms and showed significant improvement based on Dice overlap metric~(average Dice of 0.97) with a manually labeled ground truth data set. Label fusion experiments on multiple, unlabeled data sets show that our method is consistent and has fewer failure modes. In addition, our method is computationally very fast with a run time of 30 seconds per image on NVidia P40/P100/Quadro 4000 GPUs. 
### 70.Learning to Fuse Local Geometric Features for 3D Rigid Data Matching  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12099.pdf)
>  This paper presents a simple yet very effective data-driven approach to fuse both low-level and high-level local geometric features for 3D rigid data matching. It is a common practice to generate distinctive geometric descriptors by fusing low-level features from various viewpoints or subspaces, or enhance geometric feature matching by leveraging multiple high-level features. In prior works, they are typically performed via linear operations such as concatenation and min pooling. We show that more compact and distinctive representations can be achieved by optimizing a neural network (NN) model under the triplet framework that non-linearly fuses local geometric features in Euclidean spaces. The NN model is trained by an improved triplet loss function that fully leverages all pairwise relationships within the triplet. Moreover, the fused descriptor by our approach is also competitive to deep learned descriptors from raw data while being more lightweight and rotational invariant. Experimental results on four standard datasets with various data modalities and application contexts confirm the advantages of our approach in terms of both feature matching and geometric registration. 
### 71.Accelerating Proposal Generation Network for \\Fast Face Detection on Mobile Devices  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12094.pdf)
>  Face detection is a widely studied problem over the past few decades. Recently, significant improvements have been achieved via the deep neural network, however, it is still challenging to directly apply these techniques to mobile devices for its limited computational power and memory. In this work, we present a proposal generation acceleration framework for real-time face detection. More specifically, we adopt a popular cascaded convolutional neural network (CNN) as the basis, then apply our acceleration approach on the basic framework to speed up the model inference time. We are motivated by the observation that the computation bottleneck of this framework arises from the proposal generation stage, where each level of the dense image pyramid has to go through the network. In this work, we reduce the number of image pyramid levels by utilizing both global and local facial characteristics (i.e., global face and facial parts). Experimental results on public benchmarks WIDER-face and FDDB demonstrate the satisfactory performance and faster speed compared to the state-of-the-arts. %the comparable accuracy to state-of-the-arts with faster speed. 
### 72.ARCHANGEL: Tamper-proofing Video Archives using Temporal Content Hashes on the Blockchain  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12059.pdf)
>  We present ARCHANGEL; a novel distributed ledger based system for assuring the long-term integrity of digital video archives. First, we describe a novel deep network architecture for computing compact temporal content hashes (TCHs) from audio-visual streams with durations of minutes or hours. Our TCHs are sensitive to accidental or malicious content modification (tampering) but invariant to the codec used to encode the video. This is necessary due to the curatorial requirement for archives to format shift video over time to ensure future accessibility. Second, we describe how the TCHs (and the models used to derive them) are secured via a proof-of-authority blockchain distributed across multiple independent archives. We report on the efficacy of ARCHANGEL within the context of a trial deployment in which the national government archives of the United Kingdom, Estonia and Norway participated. 
### 73.Discovering Common Change-Point Patterns in Functional Connectivity Across Subjects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12023.pdf)
>  This paper studies change-points in human brain functional connectivity (FC) and seeks patterns that are common across multiple subjects under identical external stimulus. FC relates to the similarity of fMRI responses across different brain regions when the brain is simply resting or performing a task. While the dynamic nature of FC is well accepted, this paper develops a formal statistical test for finding {\it change-points} in times series associated with FC. It represents short-term connectivity by a symmetric positive-definite matrix, and uses a Riemannian metric on this space to develop a graphical method for detecting change-points in a time series of such matrices. It also provides a graphical representation of estimated FC for stationary subintervals in between the detected change-points. Furthermore, it uses a temporal alignment of the test statistic, viewed as a real-valued function over time, to remove inter-subject variability and to discover common change-point patterns across subjects. This method is illustrated using data from Human Connectome Project (HCP) database for multiple subjects and tasks. 
### 74.Recurrent Embedding Aggregation Network for Video Face Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12019.pdf)
>  Recurrent networks have been successful in analyzing temporal data and have been widely used for video analysis. However, for video face recognition, where the base CNNs trained on large-scale data already provide discriminative features, using Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), a popular recurrent network, for feature learning could lead to overfitting and degrade the performance instead. We propose a Recurrent Embedding Aggregation Network (REAN) for set to set face recognition. Compared with LSTM, REAN is robust against overfitting because it only learns how to aggregate the pre-trained embeddings rather than learning representations from scratch. Compared with quality-aware aggregation methods, REAN can take advantage of the context information to circumvent the noise introduced by redundant video frames. Empirical results on three public domain video face recognition datasets, IJB-S, YTF, and PaSC show that the proposed REAN significantly outperforms naive CNN-LSTM structure and quality-aware aggregation methods. 
### 75.3D-SIC: 3D Semantic Instance Completion for RGB-D Scans  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12012.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on the task of semantic instance completion: from an incomplete, RGB-D scan of a scene, we aim to detect the individual object instances comprising the scene and jointly infer their complete object geometry. This enables a semantically meaningful decomposition of a scanned scene into individual, complete 3D objects. This semantic instance completion of a 3D scene opens up many new possibilities in enabling meaningful interactions with a scene, for instance for virtual or robotic agents. Rather than considering 3D semantic instance segmentation and scan completion separately, we propose 3D-SIC, a new end-to-end 3D convolutional neural network which jointly learns to detect object instances and predict their complete geometry -- achieving significantly better performance than treating these tasks independently. 3D-SIC leverages joint color-geometry feature learning and a fully-convolutional 3D network to effectively infer semantic instance completion for 3D scans at scale. Our method runs at interactive rates, taking several seconds inference time on scenes of $30$m $\times$ $25$m spatial extent. For the task of semantic instance completion, we additionally introduce a new semantic instance completion benchmark on real scan data, where we outperform alternative approaches by over 15 in mAP@0.5. 
### 76.Relevant features for Gender Classification in NIR Periocular Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12007.pdf)
>  Most gender classifications methods from NIR images have used iris information. Recent work has explored the use of the whole periocular iris region which has surprisingly achieve better results. This suggests the most relevant information for gender classification is not located in the iris as expected. In this work, we analyze and demonstrate the location of the most relevant features that describe gender in periocular NIR images and evaluate its influence its classification. Experiments show that the periocular region contains more gender information than the iris region. We extracted several features (intensity, texture, and shape) and classified them according to its relevance using the XgBoost algorithm. Support Vector Machine and nine ensemble classifiers were used for testing gender accuracy when using the most relevant features. The best classification results were obtained when 4,000 features located on the periocular region were used (89.22\%). Additional experiments with the full periocular iris images versus the iris-Occluded images were performed. The gender classification rates obtained were 84.35\% and 85.75\% respectively. We also contribute to the state of the art with a new database (UNAB-Gender). From results, we suggest focussing only on the surrounding area of the iris. This allows us to realize a faster classification of gender from NIR periocular images. 
### 77.Unsupervised Data Augmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12848.pdf)
>  Despite its success, deep learning still needs large labeled datasets to succeed. Data augmentation has shown much promise in alleviating the need for more labeled data, but it so far has mostly been applied in supervised settings and achieved limited gains. In this work, we propose to apply data augmentation to unlabeled data in a semi-supervised learning setting. Our method, named Unsupervised Data Augmentation or UDA, encourages the model predictions to be consistent between an unlabeled example and an augmented unlabeled example. Unlike previous methods that use random noise such as Gaussian noise or dropout noise, UDA has a small twist in that it makes use of harder and more realistic noise generated by state-of-the-art data augmentation methods. This small twist leads to substantial improvements on six language tasks and three vision tasks even when the labeled set is extremely small. For example, on the IMDb text classification dataset, with only 20 labeled examples, UDA outperforms the state-of-the-art model trained on 25,000 labeled examples. On standard semi-supervised learning benchmarks, CIFAR-10 with 4,000 examples and SVHN with 1,000 examples, UDA outperforms all previous approaches and reduces more than $30\%$ of the error rates of state-of-the-art methods: going from 7.66% to 5.27% and from 3.53% to 2.46% respectively. UDA also works well on datasets that have a lot of labeled data. For example, on ImageNet, with 1.3M extra unlabeled data, UDA improves the top-1/top-5 accuracy from 78.28/94.36% to 79.04/94.45% when compared to AutoAugment. 
### 78.Adversarial Training for Free!  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12843.pdf)
>  Adversarial training, in which a network is trained on adversarial examples, is one of the few defenses against adversarial attacks that withstands strong attacks. Unfortunately, the high cost of generating strong adversarial examples makes standard adversarial training impractical on large-scale problems like ImageNet. We present an algorithm that eliminates the overhead cost of generating adversarial examples by recycling the gradient information computed when updating model parameters. Our "free" adversarial training algorithm achieves state-of-the-art robustness on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets at negligible additional cost compared to natural training, and can be 7 to 30 times faster than other strong adversarial training methods. Using a single workstation with 4 P100 GPUs and 2 days of runtime, we can train a robust model for the large-scale ImageNet classification task that maintains 40% accuracy against PGD attacks. 
### 79.TileGAN: Synthesis of Large-Scale Non-Homogeneous Textures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12795.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of texture synthesis in the setting where many input images are given and a large-scale output is required. We build on recent generative adversarial networks and propose two extensions in this paper. First, we propose an algorithm to combine outputs of GANs trained on a smaller resolution to produce a large-scale plausible texture map with virtually no boundary artifacts. Second, we propose a user interface to enable artistic control. Our quantitative and qualitative results showcase the generation of synthesized high-resolution maps consisting of up to hundreds of megapixels as a case in point. 
### 80.A Deep-Learning Algorithm for Thyroid Malignancy Prediction From Whole Slide Cytopathology Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12739.pdf)
>  We consider thyroid-malignancy prediction from ultra-high-resolution whole-slide cytopathology images. We propose a deep-learning-based algorithm that is inspired by the way a cytopathologist diagnoses the slides. The algorithm identifies diagnostically relevant image regions and assigns them local malignancy scores, that in turn are incorporated into a global malignancy prediction. We discuss the relation of our deep-learning-based approach to multiple-instance learning (MIL) and describe how it deviates from classical MIL methods by the use of a supervised procedure to extract relevant regions from the whole-slide. The analysis of our algorithm further reveals a close relation to hypothesis testing, which, along with unique characteristics of thyroid cytopathology, allows us to devise an improved training strategy. We further propose an ordinal regression framework for the simultaneous prediction of thyroid malignancy and an ordered diagnostic score acting as a regularizer, which further improves the predictions of the network. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm outperforms several competing methods, achieving performance comparable to human experts. 
### 81.Self Training Autonomous Driving Agent  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12738.pdf)
>  Intrinsically, driving is a Markov Decision Process which suits well the reinforcement learning paradigm. In this paper, we propose a novel agent which learns to drive a vehicle without any human assistance. We use the concept of reinforcement learning and evolutionary strategies to train our agent in a 2D simulation environment. Our model's architecture goes beyond the World Model's by introducing difference images in the auto encoder. This novel involvement of difference images in the auto-encoder gives better representation of the latent space with respect to the motion of vehicle and helps an autonomous agent to learn more efficiently how to drive a vehicle. Results show that our method requires fewer (96% less) total agents, (87.5% less) agents per generations, (70% less) generations and (90% less) rollouts than the original architecture while achieving the same accuracy of the original. 
### 82.Registration of retinal images from Public Health by minimising an error between vessels using an affine model with radial distortions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12733.pdf)
>  In order to estimate a registration model of eye fundus images made of an affinity and two radial distortions, we introduce an estimation criterion based on an error between the vessels. In [1], we estimated this model by minimising the error between characteristics points. In this paper, the detected vessels are selected using the circle and ellipse equations of the overlap area boundaries deduced from our model. Our method successfully registers 96 % of the 271 pairs in a Public Health dataset acquired mostly with different cameras. This is better than our previous method [1] and better than three other state-of-the-art methods. On a publicly available dataset, ours still better register the images than the reference method. 
### 83.Multi-scale Microaneurysms Segmentation Using Embedding Triplet Loss  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12732.pdf)
>  Deep learning techniques are recently being used in fundus image analysis and diabetic retinopathy detection. Microaneurysms are an important indicator of diabetic retinopathy progression. We introduce a two-stage deep learning approach for microaneurysms segmentation using multiple scales of the input with selective sampling and embedding triplet loss. The model first segments on two scales and then the segmentations are refined with a classification model. To enhance the discriminative power of the classification model, we incorporate triplet embedding loss with a selective sampling routine. The model is evaluated quantitatively to assess the segmentation performance and qualitatively to analyze the model predictions. This approach introduces a 30.29% relative improvement over the fully convolutional neural network. 
### 84.Current Trends in Eye Tracking Research in Mathematics Education: A PME Literature Review  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12581.pdf)
>  Eye tracking (ET) is a research method that receives growing interest in mathematics education research (MER). This paper aims to give a literature overview, specifically focusing on the evolution of interest in this technology, ET equipment, and analysis methods used in mathematics education. To capture the current state, we focus on papers published in the proceedings of PME, one of the primary conferences dedicated to MER, of the last ten years. We identify trends in interest, methodology, and methods of analysis that are used in the community, and discuss possible future developments. 
### 85.Mixture of Pre-processing Experts Model for Noise Robust Deep Learning on Resource Constrained Platforms  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12426.pdf)
>  Deep learning on an edge device requires energy efficient operation due to ever diminishing power budget. Intentional low quality data during the data acquisition for longer battery life, and natural noise from the low cost sensor degrade the quality of target output which hinders adoption of deep learning on an edge device. To overcome these problems, we propose simple yet efficient mixture of pre-processing experts (MoPE) model to handle various image distortions including low resolution and noisy images. We also propose to use adversarially trained auto encoder as a pre-processing expert for the noisy images. We evaluate our proposed method for various machine learning tasks including object detection on MS-COCO 2014 dataset, multiple object tracking problem on MOT-Challenge dataset, and human activity classification on UCF 101 dataset. Experimental results show that the proposed method achieves better detection, tracking and activity classification accuracies under noise without sacrificing accuracies for the clean images. The overheads of our proposed MoPE are 0.67% and 0.17% in terms of memory and computation compared to the baseline object detection network. 
### 86.Attentive Adversarial Learning for Domain-Invariant Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12400.pdf)
>  Adversarial domain-invariant training (ADIT) proves to be effective in suppressing the effects of domain variability in acoustic modeling and has led to improved performance in automatic speech recognition (ASR). In ADIT, an auxiliary domain classifier takes in equally-weighted deep features from a deep neural network (DNN) acoustic model and is trained to improve their domain-invariance by optimizing an adversarial loss function. In this work, we propose an attentive ADIT (AADIT) in which we advance the domain classifier with an attention mechanism to automatically weight the input deep features according to their importance in domain classification. With this attentive re-weighting, AADIT can focus on the domain normalization of phonetic components that are more susceptible to domain variability and generates deep features with improved domain-invariance and senone-discriminativity over ADIT. Most importantly, the attention block serves only as an external component to the DNN acoustic model and is not involved in ASR, so AADIT can be used to improve the acoustic modeling with any DNN architectures. More generally, the same methodology can improve any adversarial learning system with an auxiliary discriminator. Evaluated on CHiME-3 dataset, the AADIT achieves 13.6% and 9.3% relative WER improvements, respectively, over a multi-conditional model and a strong ADIT baseline. 
### 87.Conditional Teacher-Student Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12399.pdf)
>  The teacher-student (T/S) learning has been shown to be effective for a variety of problems such as domain adaptation and model compression. One shortcoming of the T/S learning is that a teacher model, not always perfect, sporadically produces wrong guidance in form of posterior probabilities that misleads the student model towards a suboptimal performance. To overcome this problem, we propose a conditional T/S learning scheme, in which a "smart" student model selectively chooses to learn from either the teacher model or the ground truth labels conditioned on whether the teacher can correctly predict the ground truth. Unlike a naive linear combination of the two knowledge sources, the conditional learning is exclusively engaged with the teacher model when the teacher model's prediction is correct, and otherwise backs off to the ground truth. Thus, the student model is able to learn effectively from the teacher and even potentially surpass the teacher. We examine the proposed learning scheme on two tasks: domain adaptation on CHiME-3 dataset and speaker adaptation on Microsoft short message dictation dataset. The proposed method achieves 9.8% and 12.8% relative word error rate reductions, respectively, over T/S learning for environment adaptation and speaker-independent model for speaker adaptation. 
### 88.TMIXT: A process flow for Transcribing MIXed handwritten and machine-printed Text  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12387.pdf)
>  Handling large corpuses of documents is of significant importance in many fields, no more so than in the areas of crime investigation and defence, where an organisation may be presented with a large volume of scanned documents which need to be processed in a finite time. However, this problem is exacerbated both by the volume, in terms of scanned documents and the complexity of the pages, which need to be processed. Often containing many different elements, which each need to be processed and understood. Text recognition, which is a primary task of this process, is usually dependent upon the type of text, being either handwritten or machine-printed. Accordingly, the recognition involves prior classification of the text category, before deciding on the recognition method to be applied. This poses a more challenging task if a document contains both handwritten and machine-printed text. In this work, we present a generic process flow for text recognition in scanned documents containing mixed handwritten and machine-printed text without the need to classify text in advance. We realize the proposed process flow using several open-source image processing and text recognition packages1. The evaluation is performed using a specially developed variant, presented in this work, of the IAM handwriting database, where we achieve an average transcription accuracy of nearly 80% for pages containing both printed and handwritten text. 
### 89.Analysis of Confident-Classifiers for Out-of-distribution Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12220.pdf)
>  Discriminatively trained neural classifiers can be trusted, only when the input data comes from the training distribution (in-distribution). Therefore, detecting out-of-distribution (OOD) samples is very important to avoid classification errors. In the context of OOD detection for image classification, one of the recent approaches proposes training a classifier called "confident-classifier" by minimizing the standard cross-entropy loss on in-distribution samples and minimizing the KL divergence between the predictive distribution of OOD samples in the low-density regions of in-distribution and the uniform distribution (maximizing the entropy of the outputs). Thus, the samples could be detected as OOD if they have low confidence or high entropy. In this paper, we analyze this setting both theoretically and experimentally. We conclude that the resulting confident-classifier still yields arbitrarily high confidence for OOD samples far away from the in-distribution. We instead suggest training a classifier by adding an explicit "reject" class for OOD samples. 
### 90.Missing MRI Pulse Sequence Synthesis using Multi-Modal Generative Adversarial Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12200.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is being increasingly utilized to assess, diagnose, and plan treatment for a variety of diseases. The ability to visualize tissue in varied contrasts in the form of MR pulse sequences in a single scan provides valuable insights to physicians, as well as enabling automated systems performing downstream analysis. However many issues like prohibitive scan time, image corruption, different acquisition protocols, or allergies to certain contrast materials may hinder the process of acquiring multiple sequences for a patient. This poses challenges to both physicians and automated systems since complementary information provided by the missing sequences is lost. In this paper, we propose a variant of generative adversarial network (GAN) capable of leveraging redundant information contained within multiple available sequences in order to generate one or more missing sequences for a patient scan. The proposed network is designed as a multi-input, multi-output network which combines information from all the available pulse sequences, implicitly infers which sequences are missing, and synthesizes the missing ones in a single forward pass. We demonstrate and validate our method on two brain MRI datasets each with four sequences, and show the applicability of the proposed method in simultaneously synthesizing all missing sequences in any possible scenario where either one, two, or three of the four sequences may be missing. We compare our approach with competing unimodal and multi-modal methods, and show that we outperform both quantitatively and qualitatively. 
### 91.Dynamic Mini-batch SGD for Elastic Distributed Training: Learning in the Limbo of Resources  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12043.pdf)
>  With an increasing demand for training powers for deep learning algorithms and the rapid growth of computation resources in data centers, it is desirable to dynamically schedule different distributed deep learning tasks to maximize resource utilization and reduce cost. In this process, different tasks may receive varying numbers of machines at different time, a setting we call elastic distributed training. Despite the recent successes in large mini-batch distributed training, these methods are rarely tested in elastic distributed training environments and suffer degraded performance in our experiments, when we adjust the learning rate linearly immediately with respect to the batch size. One difficulty we observe is that the noise in the stochastic momentum estimation is accumulated over time and will have delayed effects when the batch size changes. We therefore propose to smoothly adjust the learning rate over time to alleviate the influence of the noisy momentum estimation. Our experiments on image classification, object detection and semantic segmentation have demonstrated that our proposed Dynamic SGD method achieves stabilized performance when varying the number of GPUs from 8 to 128. We also provide theoretical understanding on the optimality of linear learning rate scheduling and the effects of stochastic momentum. 
