# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 5 May 2021
### 1.The Pursuit of Knowledge: Discovering and Localizing Novel Categories using Dual Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01652.pdf)
>  We tackle object category discovery, which is the problem of discovering and localizing novel objects in a large unlabeled dataset. While existing methods show results on datasets with less cluttered scenes and fewer object instances per image, we present our results on the challenging COCO dataset. Moreover, we argue that, rather than discovering new categories from scratch, discovery algorithms can benefit from identifying what is already known and focusing their attention on the unknown. We propose a method to use prior knowledge about certain object categories to discover new categories by leveraging two memory modules, namely Working and Semantic memory. We show the performance of our detector on the COCO minival dataset to demonstrate its in-the-wild capabilities.      
### 2.Motion-Augmented Self-Training for Video Recognition at Smaller Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01646.pdf)
>  The goal of this paper is to self-train a 3D convolutional neural network on an unlabeled video collection for deployment on small-scale video collections. As smaller video datasets benefit more from motion than appearance, we strive to train our network using optical flow, but avoid its computation during inference. We propose the first motion-augmented self-training regime, we call MotionFit. We start with supervised training of a motion model on a small, and labeled, video collection. With the motion model we generate pseudo-labels for a large unlabeled video collection, which enables us to transfer knowledge by learning to predict these pseudo-labels with an appearance model. Moreover, we introduce a multi-clip loss as a simple yet efficient way to improve the quality of the pseudo-labeling, even without additional auxiliary tasks. We also take into consideration the temporal granularity of videos during self-training of the appearance model, which was missed in previous works. As a result we obtain a strong motion-augmented representation model suited for video downstream tasks like action recognition and clip retrieval. On small-scale video datasets, MotionFit outperforms alternatives for knowledge transfer by 5%-8%, video-only self-supervision by 1%-7% and semi-supervised learning by 9%-18% using the same amount of class labels.      
### 3.Remote Pathological Gait Classification System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01634.pdf)
>  Several pathologies can alter the way people walk, i.e. their gait. Gait analysis can therefore be used to detect impairments and help diagnose illnesses and assess patient recovery. Using vision-based systems, diagnoses could be done at home or in a clinic, with the needed computation being done remotely. State-of-the-art vision-based gait analysis systems use deep learning, requiring large datasets for training. However, to our best knowledge, the biggest publicly available pathological gait dataset contains only 10 subjects, simulating 4 gait pathologies. This paper presents a new dataset called GAIT-IT, captured from 21 subjects simulating 4 gait pathologies, with 2 severity levels, besides normal gait, being considerably larger than publicly available gait pathology datasets, allowing to train a deep learning model for gait pathology classification. Moreover, it was recorded in a professional studio, making it possible to obtain nearly perfect silhouettes, free of segmentation errors. Recognizing the importance of remote healthcare, this paper proposes a prototype of a web application allowing to upload a walking person's video, possibly acquired using a smartphone camera, and execute a web service that classifies the person's gait as normal or across different pathologies. The web application has a user friendly interface and could be used by healthcare professionals or other end users. An automatic gait analysis system is also developed and integrated with the web application for pathology classification. Compared to state-of-the-art solutions, it achieves a drastic reduction in the number of model parameters, which means significantly lower memory requirements, as well as lower training and execution times. Classification accuracy is on par with the state-of-the-art.      
### 4.Person Search Challenges and Solutions: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01605.pdf)
>  Person search has drawn increasing attention due to its real-world applications and research significance. Person search aims to find a probe person in a gallery of scene images with a wide range of applications, such as criminals search, multicamera tracking, missing person search, etc. Early person search works focused on image-based person search, which uses person image as the search query. Text-based person search is another major person search category that uses free-form natural language as the search query. Person search is challenging, and corresponding solutions are diverse and complex. Therefore, systematic surveys on this topic are essential. This paper surveyed the recent works on image-based and text-based person search from the perspective of challenges and solutions. Specifically, we provide a brief analysis of highly influential person search methods considering the three significant challenges: the discriminative person features, the query-person gap, and the detection-identification inconsistency. We summarise and compare evaluation results. Finally, we discuss open issues and some promising future research directions.      
### 5.MLP-Mixer: An all-MLP Architecture for Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01601.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are the go-to model for computer vision. Recently, attention-based networks, such as the Vision Transformer, have also become popular. In this paper we show that while convolutions and attention are both sufficient for good performance, neither of them are necessary. We present MLP-Mixer, an architecture based exclusively on multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs). MLP-Mixer contains two types of layers: one with MLPs applied independently to image patches (i.e. "mixing" the per-location features), and one with MLPs applied across patches (i.e. "mixing" spatial information). When trained on large datasets, or with modern regularization schemes, MLP-Mixer attains competitive scores on image classification benchmarks, with pre-training and inference cost comparable to state-of-the-art models. We hope that these results spark further research beyond the realms of well established CNNs and Transformers.      
### 6.Robustness Enhancement of Object Detection in Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01580.pdf)
>  A unified system integrating a compact object detector and a surrounding environmental condition classifier for enhancing the robustness of object detection scheme in advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) is proposed in this paper. ADAS are invented to improve traffic safety and effectiveness in autonomous driving systems where object detection plays an extremely important role. However, modern object detectors integrated in ADAS are still unstable due to high latency and the variation of the environmental contexts in the deployment phase. Our system is proposed to address the aforementioned problems. The proposed system includes two main components: (1) a compact one-stage object detector which is expected to be able to perform at a comparable accuracy compared to state-of-the-art object detectors, and (2) an environmental condition detector that helps to send a warning signal to the cloud in case the self-driving car needs human actions due to the significance of the situation. The empirical results prove the reliability and the scalability of the proposed system to realistic scenarios.      
### 7.Leveraging Third-Order Features in Skeleton-Based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01563.pdf)
>  Skeleton sequences are light-weight and compact, and thus ideal candidates for action recognition on edge devices. Recent skeleton-based action recognition methods extract features from 3D joint coordinates as spatial-temporal cues, using these representations in a graph neural network for feature fusion, to boost recognition performance. The use of first- and second-order features, i.e., joint and bone representations has led to high accuracy, but many models are still confused by actions that have similar motion trajectories. To address these issues, we propose fusing third-order features in the form of angles into modern architectures, to robustly capture the relationships between joints and body parts. This simple fusion with popular spatial-temporal graph neural networks achieves new state-of-the-art accuracy in two large benchmarks, including NTU60 and NTU120, while employing fewer parameters and reduced run time. Our sourcecode is publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhenyueQin/Angular-Skeleton-Encoding" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.Combining Supervised and Un-supervised Learning for Automatic Citrus Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01553.pdf)
>  Citrus segmentation is a key step of automatic citrus picking. While most current image segmentation approaches achieve good segmentation results by pixel-wise segmentation, these supervised learning-based methods require a large amount of annotated data, and do not consider the continuous temporal changes of citrus position in real-world applications. In this paper, we first train a simple CNN with a small number of labelled citrus images in a supervised manner, which can roughly predict the citrus location from each frame. Then, we extend a state-of-the-art unsupervised learning approach to pre-learn the citrus's potential movements between frames from unlabelled citrus's videos. To take advantages of both networks, we employ the multimodal transformer to combine supervised learned static information and unsupervised learned movement information. The experimental results show that combing both network allows the prediction accuracy reached at 88.3$\%$ IOU and 93.6$\%$ precision, outperforming the original supervised baseline 1.2$\%$ and 2.4$\%$. Compared with most of the existing citrus segmentation methods, our method uses a small amount of supervised data and a large number of unsupervised data, while learning the pixel level location information and the temporal information of citrus changes to enhance the segmentation effect.      
### 9.Where and When: Space-Time Attention for Audio-Visual Explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01517.pdf)
>  Explaining the decision of a multi-modal decision-maker requires to determine the evidence from both modalities. Recent advances in XAI provide explanations for models trained on still images. However, when it comes to modeling multiple sensory modalities in a dynamic world, it remains underexplored how to demystify the mysterious dynamics of a complex multi-modal model. In this work, we take a crucial step forward and explore learnable explanations for audio-visual recognition. Specifically, we propose a novel space-time attention network that uncovers the synergistic dynamics of audio and visual data over both space and time. Our model is capable of predicting the audio-visual video events, while justifying its decision by localizing where the relevant visual cues appear, and when the predicted sounds occur in videos. We benchmark our model on three audio-visual video event datasets, comparing extensively to multiple recent multi-modal representation learners and intrinsic explanation models. Experimental results demonstrate the clear superior performance of our model over the existing methods on audio-visual video event recognition. Moreover, we conduct an in-depth study to analyze the explainability of our model based on robustness analysis via perturbation tests and pointing games using human annotations.      
### 10.Technical Report for Valence-Arousal Estimation on Affwild2 Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01502.pdf)
>  In this work, we describe our method for tackling the valence-arousal estimation challenge from ABAW FG-2020 Competition. The competition organizers provide an in-the-wild Aff-Wild2 dataset for participants to analyze affective behavior in real-life settings. We use MIMAMO Net \cite{deng2020mimamo} model to achieve information about micro-motion and macro-motion for improving video emotion recognition and achieve Concordance Correlation Coefficient (CCC) of 0.415 and 0.511 for valence and arousal on the reselected validation set.      
### 11.Computer vision for liquid samples in hospitals and medical labs using hierarchical image segmentation and relations prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01456.pdf)
>  This work explores the use of computer vision for image segmentation and classification of medical fluid samples in transparent containers (for example, tubes, syringes, infusion bags). Handling fluids such as infusion fluids, blood, and urine samples is a significant part of the work carried out in medical labs and hospitals. The ability to accurately identify and segment the liquids and the vessels that contain them from images can help in automating such processes. Modern computer vision typically involves training deep neural nets on large datasets of annotated images. This work presents a new dataset containing 1,300 annotated images of medical samples involving vessels containing liquids and solid material. The images are annotated with the type of liquid (e.g., blood, urine), the phase of the material (e.g., liquid, solid, foam, suspension), the type of vessel (e.g., syringe, tube, cup, infusion bottle/bag), and the properties of the vessel (transparent, opaque). In addition, vessel parts such as corks, labels, spikes, and valves are annotated. Relations and hierarchies between vessels and materials are also annotated, such as which vessel contains which material or which vessels are linked or contain each other. Three neural networks are trained on the dataset: One network learns to detect vessels, a second net detects the materials and parts inside each vessel, and a third net identifies relationships and connectivity between vessels.      
### 12.Moving Towards Centers: Re-ranking with Attention and Memory for Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01447.pdf)
>  Re-ranking utilizes contextual information to optimize the initial ranking list of person or vehicle re-identification (re-ID), which boosts the retrieval performance at post-processing steps. This paper proposes a re-ranking network to predict the correlations between the probe and top-ranked neighbor samples. Specifically, all the feature embeddings of query and gallery images are expanded and enhanced by a linear combination of their neighbors, with the correlation prediction serves as discriminative combination weights. The combination process is equivalent to moving independent embeddings toward the identity centers, improving cluster compactness. For correlation prediction, we first aggregate the contextual information for probe's k-nearest neighbors via the Transformer encoder. Then, we distill and refine the probe-related features into the Contextual Memory cell via attention mechanism. Like humans that retrieve images by not only considering probe images but also memorizing the retrieved ones, the Contextual Memory produces multi-view descriptions for each instance. Finally, the neighbors are reconstructed with features fetched from the Contextual Memory, and a binary classifier predicts their correlations with the probe. Experiments on six widely-used person and vehicle re-ID benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. Especially, our method surpasses the state-of-the-art re-ranking approaches on large-scale datasets by a significant margin, i.e., with an average 3.08% CMC@1 and 7.46% mAP improvements on VERI-Wild, MSMT17, and VehicleID datasets.      
### 13.Weak Multi-View Supervision for Surface Mapping Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01388.pdf)
>  We propose a weakly-supervised multi-view learning approach to learn category-specific surface mapping without dense annotations. We learn the underlying surface geometry of common categories, such as human faces, cars, and airplanes, given instances from those categories. While traditional approaches solve this problem using extensive supervision in the form of pixel-level annotations, we take advantage of the fact that pixel-level UV and mesh predictions can be combined with 3D reprojections to form consistency cycles. As a result of exploiting these cycles, we can establish a dense correspondence mapping between image pixels and the mesh acting as a self-supervisory signal, which in turn helps improve our overall estimates. Our approach leverages information from multiple views of the object to establish additional consistency cycles, thus improving surface mapping understanding without the need for explicit annotations. We also propose the use of deformation fields for predictions of an instance specific mesh. Given the lack of datasets providing multiple images of similar object instances from different viewpoints, we generate and release a multi-view ShapeNet Cars and Airplanes dataset created by rendering ShapeNet meshes using a 360 degree camera trajectory around the mesh. For the human faces category, we process and adapt an existing dataset to a multi-view setup. Through experimental evaluations, we show that, at test time, our method can generate accurate variations away from the mean shape, is multi-view consistent, and performs comparably to fully supervised approaches.      
### 14.Canonical Saliency Maps: Decoding Deep Face Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01386.pdf)
>  As Deep Neural Network models for face processing tasks approach human-like performance, their deployment in critical applications such as law enforcement and access control has seen an upswing, where any failure may have far-reaching consequences. We need methods to build trust in deployed systems by making their working as transparent as possible. Existing visualization algorithms are designed for object recognition and do not give insightful results when applied to the face domain. In this work, we present 'Canonical Saliency Maps', a new method that highlights relevant facial areas by projecting saliency maps onto a canonical face model. We present two kinds of Canonical Saliency Maps: image-level maps and model-level maps. Image-level maps highlight facial features responsible for the decision made by a deep face model on a given image, thus helping to understand how a DNN made a prediction on the image. Model-level maps provide an understanding of what the entire DNN model focuses on in each task and thus can be used to detect biases in the model. Our qualitative and quantitative results show the usefulness of the proposed canonical saliency maps, which can be used on any deep face model regardless of the architecture.      
### 15.One Model for All Quantization: A Quantized Network Supporting Hot-Swap Bit-Width Adjustment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01353.pdf)
>  As an effective technique to achieve the implementation of deep neural networks in edge devices, model quantization has been successfully applied in many practical applications. No matter the methods of quantization aware training (QAT) or post-training quantization (PTQ), they all depend on the target bit-widths. When the precision of quantization is adjusted, it is necessary to fine-tune the quantized model or minimize the quantization noise, which brings inconvenience in practical applications. In this work, we propose a method to train a model for all quantization that supports diverse bit-widths (e.g., form 8-bit to 1-bit) to satisfy the online quantization bit-width adjustment. It is hot-swappable that can provide specific quantization strategies for different candidates through multiscale quantization. We use wavelet decomposition and reconstruction to increase the diversity of weights, thus significantly improving the performance of each quantization candidate, especially at ultra-low bit-widths (e.g., 3-bit, 2-bit, and 1-bit). Experimental results on ImageNet and COCO show that our method can achieve accuracy comparable performance to dedicated models trained at the same precision.      
### 16.An Empirical Review of Deep Learning Frameworks for Change Detection: Model Design, Experimental Frameworks, Challenges and Research Needs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01342.pdf)
>  Visual change detection, aiming at segmentation of video frames into foreground and background regions, is one of the elementary tasks in computer vision and video analytics. The applications of change detection include anomaly detection, object tracking, traffic monitoring, human machine interaction, behavior analysis, action recognition, and visual surveillance. Some of the challenges in change detection include background fluctuations, illumination variation, weather changes, intermittent object motion, shadow, fast/slow object motion, camera motion, heterogeneous object shapes and real-time processing. Traditionally, this problem has been solved using hand-crafted features and background modelling techniques. In recent years, deep learning frameworks have been successfully adopted for robust change detection. This article aims to provide an empirical review of the state-of-the-art deep learning methods for change detection. More specifically, we present a detailed analysis of the technical characteristics of different model designs and experimental frameworks. We provide model design based categorization of the existing approaches, including the 2D-CNN, 3D-CNN, ConvLSTM, multi-scale features, residual connections, autoencoders and GAN based methods. Moreover, an empirical analysis of the evaluation settings adopted by the existing deep learning methods is presented. To the best of our knowledge, this is a first attempt to comparatively analyze the different evaluation frameworks used in the existing deep change detection methods. Finally, we point out the research needs, future directions and draw our own conclusions.      
### 17.LAFFNet: A Lightweight Adaptive Feature Fusion Network for Underwater Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01299.pdf)
>  Underwater image enhancement is an important low-level computer vision task for autonomous underwater vehicles and remotely operated vehicles to explore and understand the underwater environments. Recently, deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successfully used in many computer vision problems, and so does underwater image enhancement. There are many deep-learning-based methods with impressive performance for underwater image enhancement, but their memory and model parameter costs are hindrances in practical application. To address this issue, we propose a lightweight adaptive feature fusion network (LAFFNet). The model is the encoder-decoder model with multiple adaptive feature fusion (AAF) modules. AAF subsumes multiple branches with different kernel sizes to generate multi-scale feature maps. Furthermore, channel attention is used to merge these feature maps adaptively. Our method reduces the number of parameters from 2.5M to 0.15M (around 94% reduction) but outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms by extensive experiments. Furthermore, we demonstrate our LAFFNet effectively improves high-level vision tasks like salience object detection and single image depth estimation.      
### 18.Hallucination Improves Few-Shot Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01294.pdf)
>  Learning to detect novel objects from few annotated examples is of great practical importance. A particularly challenging yet common regime occurs when there are extremely limited examples (less than three). One critical factor in improving few-shot detection is to address the lack of variation in training data. We propose to build a better model of variation for novel classes by transferring the shared within-class variation from base classes. To this end, we introduce a hallucinator network that learns to generate additional, useful training examples in the region of interest (RoI) feature space, and incorporate it into a modern object detection model. Our approach yields significant performance improvements on two state-of-the-art few-shot detectors with different proposal generation procedures. In particular, we achieve new state of the art in the extremely-few-shot regime on the challenging COCO benchmark.      
### 19.Dual-Cross Central Difference Network for Face Anti-Spoofing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01290.pdf)
>  Face anti-spoofing (FAS) plays a vital role in securing face recognition systems. Recently, central difference convolution (CDC) has shown its excellent representation capacity for the FAS task via leveraging local gradient features. However, aggregating central difference clues from all neighbors/directions simultaneously makes the CDC redundant and sub-optimized in the training phase. In this paper, we propose two Cross Central Difference Convolutions (C-CDC), which exploit the difference of the center and surround sparse local features from the horizontal/vertical and diagonal directions, respectively. It is interesting to find that, with only five ninth parameters and less computational cost, C-CDC even outperforms the full directional CDC. Based on these two decoupled C-CDC, a powerful Dual-Cross Central Difference Network (DC-CDN) is established with Cross Feature Interaction Modules (CFIM) for mutual relation mining and local detailed representation enhancement. Furthermore, a novel Patch Exchange (PE) augmentation strategy for FAS is proposed via simply exchanging the face patches as well as their dense labels from random samples. Thus, the augmented samples contain richer live/spoof patterns and diverse domain distributions, which benefits the intrinsic and robust feature learning. Comprehensive experiments are performed on four benchmark datasets with three testing protocols to demonstrate our state-of-the-art performance.      
### 20.Representation Learning for Clustering via Building Consensus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01289.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on deep clustering and unsupervised representation learning for images. Recent advances in deep clustering and unsupervised representation learning are based on the idea that different views of an input image (generated through data augmentation techniques) must be closer in the representation space (exemplar consistency), and/or similar images have a similar cluster assignment (population consistency). We define an additional notion of consistency, consensus consistency, which ensures that representations are learnt to induce similar partitions for variations in the representation space, different clustering algorithms or different initializations of a clustering algorithm. We define a clustering loss by performing variations in the representation space and seamlessly integrate all three consistencies (consensus, exemplar and population) into an end-to-end learning framework. The proposed algorithm, Consensus Clustering using Unsupervised Representation Learning (ConCURL) improves the clustering performance over state-of-the art methods on four out of five image datasets. Further, we extend the evaluation procedure for clustering to reflect the challenges in real world clustering tasks, such as clustering performance in the case of distribution shift. We also perform a detailed ablation study for a deeper understanding of the algorithm.      
### 21.Walk in the Cloud: Learning Curves for Point Clouds Shape Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01288.pdf)
>  Discrete point cloud objects lack sufficient shape descriptors of 3D geometries. In this paper, we present a novel method for aggregating hypothetical curves in point clouds. Sequences of connected points (curves) are initially grouped by taking guided walks in the point clouds, and then subsequently aggregated back to augment their point-wise features. We provide an effective implementation of the proposed aggregation strategy including a novel curve grouping operator followed by a curve aggregation operator. Our method was benchmarked on several point cloud analysis tasks where we achieved the state-of-the-art classification accuracy of 94.2% on the ModelNet40 classification task, instance IoU of 86.8 on the ShapeNetPart segmentation task and cosine error of 0.11 on the ModelNet40 normal estimation task      
### 22.Self-Supervised Approach for Facial Movement Based Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01256.pdf)
>  Computing optical flow is a fundamental problem in computer vision. However, deep learning-based optical flow techniques do not perform well for non-rigid movements such as those found in faces, primarily due to lack of the training data representing the fine facial motion. We hypothesize that learning optical flow on face motion data will improve the quality of predicted flow on faces. The aim of this work is threefold: (1) exploring self-supervised techniques to generate optical flow ground truth for face images; (2) computing baseline results on the effects of using face data to train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) for predicting optical flow; and (3) using the learned optical flow in micro-expression recognition to demonstrate its effectiveness. We generate optical flow ground truth using facial key-points in the BP4D-Spontaneous dataset. The generated optical flow is used to train the FlowNetS architecture to test its performance on the generated dataset. The performance of FlowNetS trained on face images surpassed that of other optical flow CNN architectures, demonstrating its usefulness. Our optical flow features are further compared with other methods using the STSTNet micro-expression classifier, and the results indicate that the optical flow obtained using this work has promising applications in facial expression analysis.      
### 23.End-to-end One-shot Human Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01241.pdf)
>  Previous human parsing models are limited to parsing humans into pre-defined classes, which is inflexible for applications that need to handle new classes. In this paper, we define a new one-shot human parsing (OSHP) task that requires parsing humans into an open set of classes defined by any test example. During training, only base classes are exposed, which only overlap with part of test-time classes. To address three main challenges in OSHP, i.e., small sizes, testing bias, and similar parts, we devise a novel End-to-end One-shot human Parsing Network (EOP-Net). Firstly, an end-to-end human parsing framework is proposed to mutually share semantic information with different granularities and help recognize the small-size human classes. Then, we devise two collaborative metric learning modules to learn representative prototypes for base classes, which can quickly adapt to unseen classes and mitigate the testing bias. Moreover, we empirically find that robust prototypes empower feature representations with higher transferability to the novel concepts, hence, we propose to adopt momentum-updated dynamic prototypes generated by gradually smoothing the training time prototypes and employ contrastive loss at the prototype level. Experiments on three popular benchmarks tailored for OSHP demonstrate that EOP-Net outperforms representative one-shot segmentation models by large margins, which serves as a strong benchmark for further research on this new task. The source code will be made publicly available.      
### 24.COMISR: Compression-Informed Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01237.pdf)
>  Most video super-resolution methods focus on restoring high-resolution video frames from low-resolution videos without taking into account compression. However, most videos on the web or mobile devices are compressed, and the compression can be severe when the bandwidth is limited. In this paper, we propose a new compression-informed video super-resolution model to restore high-resolution content without introducing artifacts caused by compression. The proposed model consists of three modules for video super-resolution: bi-directional recurrent warping, detail-preserving flow estimation, and Laplacian enhancement. All these three modules are used to deal with compression properties such as the location of the intra-frames in the input and smoothness in the output frames. For thorough performance evaluation, we conducted extensive experiments on standard datasets with a wide range of compression rates, covering many real video use cases. We showed that our method not only recovers high-resolution content on uncompressed frames from the widely-used benchmark datasets, but also achieves state-of-the-art performance in super-resolving compressed videos based on numerous quantitative metrics. We also evaluated the proposed method by simulating streaming from YouTube to demonstrate its effectiveness and robustness.      
### 25.Multi-Target Multi-Camera Tracking of Vehicles using Metadata-Aided Re-ID and Trajectory-Based Camera Link Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01213.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel framework for multi-target multi-camera tracking (MTMCT) of vehicles based on metadata-aided re-identification (MA-ReID) and the trajectory-based camera link model (TCLM). Given a video sequence and the corresponding frame-by-frame vehicle detections, we first address the isolated tracklets issue from single camera tracking (SCT) by the proposed traffic-aware single-camera tracking (TSCT). Then, after automatically constructing the TCLM, we solve MTMCT by the MA-ReID. The TCLM is generated from camera topological configuration to obtain the spatial and temporal information to improve the performance of MTMCT by reducing the candidate search of ReID. We also use the temporal attention model to create more discriminative embeddings of trajectories from each camera to achieve robust distance measures for vehicle ReID. Moreover, we train a metadata classifier for MTMCT to obtain the metadata feature, which is concatenated with the temporal attention based embeddings. Finally, the TCLM and hierarchical clustering are jointly applied for global ID assignment. The proposed method is evaluated on the CityFlow dataset, achieving IDF1 76.77%, which outperforms the state-of-the-art MTMCT methods.      
### 26.Pedestrian Detection in 3D Point Clouds using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01151.pdf)
>  Detecting pedestrians is a crucial task in autonomous driving systems to ensure the safety of drivers and pedestrians. The technologies involved in these algorithms must be precise and reliable, regardless of environment conditions. Relying solely on RGB cameras may not be enough to recognize road environments in situations where cameras cannot capture scenes properly. Some approaches aim to compensate for these limitations by combining RGB cameras with TOF sensors, such as LIDARs. However, there are few works that address this problem using exclusively the 3D geometric information provided by LIDARs. In this paper, we propose a PointNet++ based architecture to detect pedestrians in dense 3D point clouds. The aim is to explore the potential contribution of geometric information alone in pedestrian detection systems. We also present a semi-automatic labeling system that transfers pedestrian and non-pedestrian labels from RGB images onto the 3D domain. The fact that our datasets have RGB registered with point clouds enables label transferring by back projection from 2D bounding boxes to point clouds, with only a light manual supervision to validate results. We train PointNet++ with the geometry of the resulting 3D labelled clusters. The evaluation confirms the effectiveness of the proposed method, yielding precision and recall values around 98%.      
### 27.Sketches image analysis: Web image search engine usingLSH index and DNN InceptionV3  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01147.pdf)
>  The adoption of an appropriate approximate similarity search method is an essential prereq-uisite for developing a fast and efficient CBIR system, especially when dealing with large amount ofdata. In this study we implement a web image search engine on top of a Locality Sensitive Hashing(LSH) Index to allow fast similarity search on deep features. Specifically, we exploit transfer learningfor deep features extraction from images. Firstly, we adopt InceptionV3 pretrained on ImageNet asfeatures extractor, secondly, we try out several CNNs built on top of InceptionV3 as convolutionalbase fine-tuned on our dataset. In both of the previous cases we index the features extracted within ourLSH index implementation so as to compare the retrieval performances with and without <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://fine-tuning.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> our approach we try out two different LSH implementations: the first one working with real numberfeature vectors and the second one with the binary transposed version of those vectors. Interestingly,we obtain the best performances when using the binary LSH, reaching almost the same result, in termsof mean average precision, obtained by performing sequential scan of the features, thus avoiding thebias introduced by the LSH index. Lastly, we carry out a performance analysis class by class in terms ofrecall againstmAPhighlighting, as expected, a strong positive correlation between the two.      
### 28.Prediction of clinical tremor severity using Rank Consistent Ordinal Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01133.pdf)
>  Tremor is a key diagnostic feature of Parkinson's Disease (PD), Essential Tremor (ET), and other central nervous system (CNS) disorders. Clinicians or trained raters assess tremor severity with TETRAS scores by observing patients. Lacking quantitative measures, inter- or intra- observer variabilities are almost inevitable as the distinction between adjacent tremor scores is subtle. Moreover, clinician assessments also require patient visits, which limits the frequency of disease progress evaluation. Therefore it is beneficial to develop an automated assessment that can be performed remotely and repeatably at patients' convenience for continuous monitoring. In this work, we proposed to train a deep neural network (DNN) with rank-consistent ordinal regression using 276 clinical videos from 36 essential tremor patients. The videos are coupled with clinician assessed TETRAS scores, which are used as ground truth labels to train the DNN. To tackle the challenge of limited training data, optical flows are used to eliminate irrelevant background and statistic objects from RGB frames. In addition to optical flows, transfer learning is also applied to leverage pre-trained network weights from a related task of tremor frequency estimate. The approach was evaluated by splitting the clinical videos into training (67%) and testing sets (0.33%). The mean absolute error on TETRAS score of the testing results is 0.45, indicating that most of the errors were from the mismatch of adjacent labels, which is expected and acceptable. The model predications also agree well with clinical ratings. This model is further applied to smart phone videos collected from a PD patient who has an implanted device to turn "On" or "Off" tremor. The model outputs were consistent with the patient tremor states. The results demonstrate that our trained model can be used as a means to assess and track tremor severity.      
### 29.Poisoning the Unlabeled Dataset of Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01622.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised machine learning models learn from a (small) set of labeled training examples, and a (large) set of unlabeled training examples. State-of-the-art models can reach within a few percentage points of fully-supervised training, while requiring 100x less labeled data. <br>We study a new class of vulnerabilities: poisoning attacks that modify the unlabeled dataset. In order to be useful, unlabeled datasets are given strictly less review than labeled datasets, and adversaries can therefore poison them easily. By inserting maliciously-crafted unlabeled examples totaling just 0.1% of the dataset size, we can manipulate a model trained on this poisoned dataset to misclassify arbitrary examples at test time (as any desired label). Our attacks are highly effective across datasets and semi-supervised learning methods. <br>We find that more accurate methods (thus more likely to be used) are significantly more vulnerable to poisoning attacks, and as such better training methods are unlikely to prevent this attack. To counter this we explore the space of defenses, and propose two methods that mitigate our attack.      
### 30.Orienting Point Clouds with Dipole Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01604.pdf)
>  Establishing a consistent normal orientation for point clouds is a notoriously difficult problem in geometry processing, requiring attention to both local and global shape characteristics. The normal direction of a point is a function of the local surface neighborhood; yet, point clouds do not disclose the full underlying surface structure. Even assuming known geodesic proximity, calculating a consistent normal orientation requires the global context. In this work, we introduce a novel approach for establishing a globally consistent normal orientation for point clouds. Our solution separates the local and global components into two different sub-problems. In the local phase, we train a neural network to learn a coherent normal direction per patch (i.e., consistently oriented normals within a single patch). In the global phase, we propagate the orientation across all coherent patches using a dipole propagation. Our dipole propagation decides to orient each patch using the electric field defined by all previously orientated patches. This gives rise to a global propagation that is stable, as well as being robust to nearby surfaces, holes, sharp features and noise.      
### 31.Self-Improving Semantic Perception on a Construction Robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01595.pdf)
>  We propose a novel robotic system that can improve its semantic perception during deployment. Contrary to the established approach of learning semantics from large datasets and deploying fixed models, we propose a framework in which semantic models are continuously updated on the robot to adapt to the deployment environments. Our system therefore tightly couples multi-sensor perception and localisation to continuously learn from self-supervised pseudo labels. We study this system in the context of a construction robot registering LiDAR scans of cluttered environments against building models. Our experiments show how the robot's semantic perception improves during deployment and how this translates into improved 3D localisation by filtering the clutter out of the LiDAR scan, even across drastically different environments. We further study the risk of catastrophic forgetting that such a continuous learning setting poses. We find memory replay an effective measure to reduce forgetting and show how the robotic system can improve even when switching between different environments. On average, our system improves by 60% in segmentation and 10% in localisation compared to deployment of a fixed model, and it keeps this improvement up while adapting to further environments.      
### 32.Multipath Graph Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01510.pdf)
>  Graph convolution networks have recently garnered a lot of attention for representation learning on non-Euclidean feature spaces. Recent research has focused on stacking multiple layers like in convolutional neural networks for the increased expressive power of graph convolution networks. However, simply stacking multiple graph convolution layers lead to issues like vanishing gradient, over-fitting and over-smoothing. Such problems are much less when using shallower networks, even though the shallow networks have lower expressive power. In this work, we propose a novel Multipath Graph convolutional neural network that aggregates the output of multiple different shallow networks. We train and test our model on various benchmarks datasets for the task of node property prediction. Results show that the proposed method not only attains increased test accuracy but also requires fewer training epochs to converge. The full implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rangan2510/MultiPathGCN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 33.COVID-Net CT-S: 3D Convolutional Neural Network Architectures for COVID-19 Severity Assessment using Chest CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01284.pdf)
>  The health and socioeconomic difficulties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic continues to cause enormous tensions around the world. In particular, this extraordinary surge in the number of cases has put considerable strain on health care systems around the world. A critical step in the treatment and management of COVID-19 positive patients is severity assessment, which is challenging even for expert radiologists given the subtleties at different stages of lung disease severity. Motivated by this challenge, we introduce COVID-Net CT-S, a suite of deep convolutional neural networks for predicting lung disease severity due to COVID-19 infection. More specifically, a 3D residual architecture design is leveraged to learn volumetric visual indicators characterizing the degree of COVID-19 lung disease severity. Experimental results using the patient cohort collected by the China National Center for Bioinformation (CNCB) showed that the proposed COVID-Net CT-S networks, by leveraging volumetric features, can achieve significantly improved severity assessment performance when compared to traditional severity assessment networks that learn and leverage 2D visual features to characterize COVID-19 severity.      
### 34.Weakly-Supervised Universal Lesion Segmentation with Regional Level Set Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01218.pdf)
>  Accurately segmenting a variety of clinically significant lesions from whole body computed tomography (CT) scans is a critical task on precision oncology imaging, denoted as universal lesion segmentation (ULS). Manual annotation is the current clinical practice, being highly time-consuming and inconsistent on tumor's longitudinal assessment. Effectively training an automatic segmentation model is desirable but relies heavily on a large number of pixel-wise labelled data. Existing weakly-supervised segmentation approaches often struggle with regions nearby the lesion boundaries. In this paper, we present a novel weakly-supervised universal lesion segmentation method by building an attention enhanced model based on the High-Resolution Network (HRNet), named AHRNet, and propose a regional level set (RLS) loss for optimizing lesion boundary delineation. AHRNet provides advanced high-resolution deep image features by involving a decoder, dual-attention and scale attention mechanisms, which are crucial to performing accurate lesion segmentation. RLS can optimize the model reliably and effectively in a weakly-supervised fashion, forcing the segmentation close to lesion boundary. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that our method achieves the best performance on the publicly large-scale DeepLesion dataset and a hold-out test set.      
### 35.Event Camera Simulator Design for Modeling Attention-based Inference Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01203.pdf)
>  In recent years, there has been a growing interest in realizing methodologies to integrate more and more computation at the level of the image sensor. The rising trend has seen an increased research interest in developing novel event cameras that can facilitate CNN computation directly in the sensor. However, event-based cameras are not generally available in the market, limiting performance exploration on high-level models and algorithms. This paper presents an event camera simulator that can be a potent tool for hardware design prototyping, parameter optimization, attention-based innovative algorithm development, and benchmarking. The proposed simulator implements a distributed computation model to identify relevant regions in an image frame. Our simulator's relevance computation model is realized as a collection of modules and performs computations in parallel. The distributed computation model is configurable, making it highly useful for design space exploration. The Rendering engine of the simulator samples frame-regions only when there is a new event. The simulator closely emulates an image processing pipeline similar to that of physical cameras. Our experimental results show that the simulator can effectively emulate event vision with low overheads.      
### 36.Weighted Least Squares Twin Support Vector Machine with Fuzzy Rough Set Theory for Imbalanced Data Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01198.pdf)
>  Support vector machines (SVMs) are powerful supervised learning tools developed to solve classification problems. However, SVMs are likely to perform poorly in the classification of imbalanced data. The rough set theory presents a mathematical tool for inference in nondeterministic cases that provides methods for removing irrelevant information from data. In this work, we propose an approach that efficiently used fuzzy rough set theory in weighted least squares twin support vector machine called FRLSTSVM for classification of imbalanced data. The first innovation is introducing a new fuzzy rough set based under-sampling strategy to make the classifier robust in terms of imbalanced data. For constructing the two proximal hyperplanes in FRLSTSVM, data points from the minority class remain unchanged while a subset of data points in the majority class are selected using a new method. In this model, we embedded the weight biases in the LSTSVM formulations to overcome the bias phenomenon in the original twin SVM for the classification of imbalanced data. In order to determine these weights in this formulation, we introduced a new strategy that uses fuzzy rough set theory as the second innovation. Experimental results on famous imbalanced datasets, compared with related traditional SVM-based methods, demonstrate the superiority of our proposed FRLSTSVM model in imbalanced data classification.      
### 37.Automated Estimation of Total Lung Volume using Chest Radiographs and Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01181.pdf)
>  Total lung volume is an important quantitative biomarker and is used for the assessment of restrictive lung diseases. In this study, we investigate the performance of several deep-learning approaches for automated measurement of total lung volume from chest radiographs. 7621 posteroanterior and lateral view chest radiographs (CXR) were collected from patients with chest CT available. Similarly, 928 CXR studies were chosen from patients with pulmonary function test (PFT) results. The reference total lung volume was calculated from lung segmentation on CT or PFT data, respectively. This dataset was used to train deep-learning architectures to predict total lung volume from chest radiographs. The experiments were constructed in a step-wise fashion with increasing complexity to demonstrate the effect of training with CT-derived labels only and the sources of error. The optimal models were tested on 291 CXR studies with reference lung volume obtained from PFT. The optimal deep-learning regression model showed an MAE of 408 ml and a MAPE of 8.1\% and Pearson's r = 0.92 using both frontal and lateral chest radiographs as input. CT-derived labels were useful for pre-training but the optimal performance was obtained by fine-tuning the network with PFT-derived labels. We demonstrate, for the first time, that state-of-the-art deep learning solutions can accurately measure total lung volume from plain chest radiographs. The proposed model can be used to obtain total lung volume from routinely acquired chest radiographs at no additional cost and could be a useful tool to identify trends over time in patients referred regularly for chest x-rays.      
### 38.Towards A Multi-agent System for Online Hate Speech Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01129.pdf)
>  This paper envisions a multi-agent system for detecting the presence of hate speech in online social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook. We introduce a novel framework employing deep learning techniques to coordinate the channels of textual and im-age processing. Our experimental results aim to demonstrate the effectiveness of our methods for classifying online content, training the proposed neural network model to effectively detect hateful instances in the input. We conclude with a discussion of how our system may be of use to provide recommendations to users who are managing online social networks, showcasing the immense potential of intelligent multi-agent systems towards delivering social good.      
