# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 14 May 2021
### 1.Dynamic View Synthesis from Dynamic Monocular Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06468.pdf)
>  We present an algorithm for generating novel views at arbitrary viewpoints and any input time step given a monocular video of a dynamic scene. Our work builds upon recent advances in neural implicit representation and uses continuous and differentiable functions for modeling the time-varying structure and the appearance of the scene. We jointly train a time-invariant static NeRF and a time-varying dynamic NeRF, and learn how to blend the results in an unsupervised manner. However, learning this implicit function from a single video is highly ill-posed (with infinitely many solutions that match the input video). To resolve the ambiguity, we introduce regularization losses to encourage a more physically plausible solution. We show extensive quantitative and qualitative results of dynamic view synthesis from casually captured videos.      
### 2.Editing Conditional Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06466.pdf)
>  A neural radiance field (NeRF) is a scene model supporting high-quality view synthesis, optimized per scene. In this paper, we explore enabling user editing of a category-level NeRF - also known as a conditional radiance field - trained on a shape category. Specifically, we introduce a method for propagating coarse 2D user scribbles to the 3D space, to modify the color or shape of a local region. First, we propose a conditional radiance field that incorporates new modular network components, including a shape branch that is shared across object instances. Observing multiple instances of the same category, our model learns underlying part semantics without any supervision, thereby allowing the propagation of coarse 2D user scribbles to the entire 3D region (e.g., chair seat). Next, we propose a hybrid network update strategy that targets specific network components, which balances efficiency and accuracy. During user interaction, we formulate an optimization problem that both satisfies the user's constraints and preserves the original object structure. We demonstrate our approach on various editing tasks over three shape datasets and show that it outperforms prior neural editing approaches. Finally, we edit the appearance and shape of a real photograph and show that the edit propagates to extrapolated novel views.      
### 3.DiscoBox: Weakly Supervised Instance Segmentation and Semantic Correspondence from Box Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06464.pdf)
>  We introduce DiscoBox, a novel framework that jointly learns instance segmentation and semantic correspondence using bounding box supervision. Specifically, we propose a self-ensembling framework where instance segmentation and semantic correspondence are jointly guided by a structured teacher in addition to the bounding box supervision. The teacher is a structured energy model incorporating a pairwise potential and a cross-image potential to model the pairwise pixel relationships both within and across the boxes. Minimizing the teacher energy simultaneously yields refined object masks and dense correspondences between intra-class objects, which are taken as pseudo-labels to supervise the task network and provide positive/negative correspondence pairs for dense constrastive learning. We show a symbiotic relationship where the two tasks mutually benefit from each other. Our best model achieves 37.9% AP on COCO instance segmentation, surpassing prior weakly supervised methods and is competitive to supervised methods. We also obtain state of the art weakly supervised results on PASCAL VOC12 and PF-PASCAL with real-time inference.      
### 4.Contrastive Learning of Image Representations with Cross-Video Cycle-Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06463.pdf)
>  Recent works have advanced the performance of self-supervised representation learning by a large margin. The core among these methods is intra-image invariance learning. Two different transformations of one image instance are considered as a positive sample pair, where various tasks are designed to learn invariant representations by comparing the pair. Analogically, for video data, representations of frames from the same video are trained to be closer than frames from other videos, i.e. intra-video invariance. However, cross-video relation has barely been explored for visual representation learning. Unlike intra-video invariance, ground-truth labels of cross-video relation is usually unavailable without human labors. In this paper, we propose a novel contrastive learning method which explores the cross-video relation by using cycle-consistency for general image representation learning. This allows to collect positive sample pairs across different video instances, which we hypothesize will lead to higher-level semantics. We validate our method by transferring our image representation to multiple downstream tasks including visual object tracking, image classification, and action recognition. We show significant improvement over state-of-the-art contrastive learning methods. Project page is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://happywu.github.io/cycle_contrast_video" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Self-Supervised Collision Handling via Generative 3D Garment Models for Virtual Try-On  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06462.pdf)
>  We propose a new generative model for 3D garment deformations that enables us to learn, for the first time, a data-driven method for virtual try-on that effectively addresses garment-body collisions. In contrast to existing methods that require an undesirable postprocessing step to fix garment-body interpenetrations at test time, our approach directly outputs 3D garment configurations that do not collide with the underlying body. Key to our success is a new canonical space for garments that removes pose-and-shape deformations already captured by a new diffused human body model, which extrapolates body surface properties such as skinning weights and blendshapes to any 3D point. We leverage this representation to train a generative model with a novel self-supervised collision term that learns to reliably solve garment-body interpenetrations. We extensively evaluate and compare our results with recently proposed data-driven methods, and show that our method is the first to successfully address garment-body contact in unseen body shapes and motions, without compromising realism and detail.      
### 6.3D Spatial Recognition without Spatially Labeled 3D  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06461.pdf)
>  We introduce WyPR, a Weakly-supervised framework for Point cloud Recognition, requiring only scene-level class tags as supervision. WyPR jointly addresses three core 3D recognition tasks: point-level semantic segmentation, 3D proposal generation, and 3D object detection, coupling their predictions through self and cross-task consistency losses. We show that in conjunction with standard multiple-instance learning objectives, WyPR can detect and segment objects in point cloud data without access to any spatial labels at training time. We demonstrate its efficacy using the ScanNet and S3DIS datasets, outperforming prior state of the art on weakly-supervised segmentation by more than 6% mIoU. In addition, we set up the first benchmark for weakly-supervised 3D object detection on both datasets, where WyPR outperforms standard approaches and establishes strong baselines for future work.      
### 7.High-Resolution Complex Scene Synthesis with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06458.pdf)
>  The use of coarse-grained layouts for controllable synthesis of complex scene images via deep generative models has recently gained popularity. However, results of current approaches still fall short of their promise of high-resolution synthesis. We hypothesize that this is mostly due to the highly engineered nature of these approaches which often rely on auxiliary losses and intermediate steps such as mask generators. In this note, we present an orthogonal approach to this task, where the generative model is based on pure likelihood training without additional objectives. To do so, we first optimize a powerful compression model with adversarial training which learns to reconstruct its inputs via a discrete latent bottleneck and thereby effectively strips the latent representation of high-frequency details such as texture. Subsequently, we train an autoregressive transformer model to learn the distribution of the discrete image representations conditioned on a tokenized version of the layouts. Our experiments show that the resulting system is able to synthesize high-quality images consistent with the given layouts. In particular, we improve the state-of-the-art FID score on COCO-Stuff and on Visual Genome by up to 19% and 53% and demonstrate the synthesis of images up to 512 x 512 px on COCO and Open Images.      
### 8.Episodic Transformer for Vision-and-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06453.pdf)
>  Interaction and navigation defined by natural language instructions in dynamic environments pose significant challenges for neural agents. This paper focuses on addressing two challenges: handling long sequence of subtasks, and understanding complex human instructions. We propose Episodic Transformer (E.T.), a multimodal transformer that encodes language inputs and the full episode history of visual observations and actions. To improve training, we leverage synthetic instructions as an intermediate representation that decouples understanding the visual appearance of an environment from the variations of natural language instructions. We demonstrate that encoding the history with a transformer is critical to solve compositional tasks, and that pretraining and joint training with synthetic instructions further improve the performance. Our approach sets a new state of the art on the challenging ALFRED benchmark, achieving 38.4% and 8.5% task success rates on seen and unseen test splits.      
### 9.DeepQAMVS: Query-Aware Hierarchical Pointer Networks for Multi-Video Summarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06441.pdf)
>  The recent growth of web video sharing platforms has increased the demand for systems that can efficiently browse, retrieve and summarize video content. Query-aware multi-video summarization is a promising technique that caters to this demand. In this work, we introduce a novel Query-Aware Hierarchical Pointer Network for Multi-Video Summarization, termed DeepQAMVS, that jointly optimizes multiple criteria: (1) conciseness, (2) representativeness of important query-relevant events and (3) chronological soundness. We design a hierarchical attention model that factorizes over three distributions, each collecting evidence from a different modality, followed by a pointer network that selects frames to include in the summary. DeepQAMVS is trained with reinforcement learning, incorporating rewards that capture representativeness, diversity, query-adaptability and temporal coherence. We achieve state-of-the-art results on the MVS1K dataset, with inference time scaling linearly with the number of input video frames.      
### 10.Using Self-Supervised Co-Training to Improve Facial Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06421.pdf)
>  In this paper, at first, the impact of ImageNet pre-training on Facial Expression Recognition (FER) was tested under different augmentation levels. It could be seen from the results that training from scratch could reach better performance compared to ImageNet fine-tuning at stronger augmentation levels. After that, a framework was proposed for standard Supervised Learning (SL), called Hybrid Learning (HL) which used Self-Supervised co-training with SL in Multi-Task Learning (MTL) manner. Leveraging Self-Supervised Learning (SSL) could gain additional information from input data like spatial information from faces which helped the main SL task. It is been investigated how this method could be used for FER problems with self-supervised pre-tasks such as Jigsaw puzzling and in-painting. The supervised head (SH) was helped by these two methods to lower the error rate under different augmentations and low data regime in the same training settings. The state-of-the-art was reached on AffectNet via two completely different HL methods, without utilizing additional datasets. Moreover, HL's effect was shown on two different facial-related problem, head poses estimation and gender recognition, which concluded to reduce in error rate by up to 9% and 1% respectively. Also, we saw that the HL methods prevented the model from reaching overfitting.      
### 11.Deep Graphics Encoder for Real-Time Video Makeup Synthesis from Example  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06407.pdf)
>  While makeup virtual-try-on is now widespread, parametrizing a computer graphics rendering engine for synthesizing images of a given cosmetics product remains a challenging task. In this paper, we introduce an inverse computer graphics method for automatic makeup synthesis from a reference image, by learning a model that maps an example portrait image with makeup to the space of rendering parameters. This method can be used by artists to automatically create realistic virtual cosmetics image samples, or by consumers, to virtually try-on a makeup extracted from their favorite reference image.      
### 12.Vision-based Neural Scene Representations for Spacecraft  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06405.pdf)
>  In advanced mission concepts with high levels of autonomy, spacecraft need to internally model the pose and shape of nearby orbiting objects. Recent works in neural scene representations show promising results for inferring generic three-dimensional scenes from optical images. Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) have shown success in rendering highly specular surfaces using a large number of images and their pose. More recently, Generative Radiance Fields (GRAF) achieved full volumetric reconstruction of a scene from unposed images only, thanks to the use of an adversarial framework to train a NeRF. In this paper, we compare and evaluate the potential of NeRF and GRAF to render novel views and extract the 3D shape of two different spacecraft, the Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity satellite of ESA's Living Planet Programme and a generic cube sat. Considering the best performances of both models, we observe that NeRF has the ability to render more accurate images regarding the material specularity of the spacecraft and its pose. For its part, GRAF generates precise novel views with accurate details even when parts of the satellites are shadowed while having the significant advantage of not needing any information about the relative pose.      
### 13.Efficient Lightweight 3D-CNN using Frame Skipping and Contrast Enhancement for Facial Macro- and Micro-expression Spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06340.pdf)
>  Micro-expression spotting is the preliminary step for any micro-expression related analysis to avoid excessive false positives. We propose an efficient lightweight macro- and micro-expression spotting method which takes advantage of the duration differences of macro- and micro-expressions. Using effective frame skips, local contrast normalisation, depthwise separable convolutions and residual connections, we construct Efficient Lightweight 3D-Convolutional Network using Frame Skipping and Contrast Enhancement (EL-FACE) for the micro-expression spotting task. Our model achieves state-of-the-art performance in SAMM Long Videos and remained competitive in the CAS(ME)2 dataset.      
### 14.A one-armed CNN for exoplanet detection from light curves  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06292.pdf)
>  We propose Genesis, a one-armed simplified Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)for exoplanet detection, and compare it to the more complex, two-armed CNN called Astronet. Furthermore, we examine how Monte Carlo cross-validation affects the estimation of the exoplanet detection performance. Finally, we increase the input resolution twofold to assess its effect on performance. The experiments reveal that (i)the reduced complexity of Genesis, i.e., a more than 95% reduction in the number of free parameters, incurs a small performance cost of about 0.5% compared to Astronet, (ii) Monte Carlo cross-validation provides a more realistic performance estimate that is almost 0.7% below the original estimate, and (iii) the twofold increase in input resolution decreases the average performance by about 0.5%. We conclude by arguing that further exploration of shallower CNN architectures may be beneficial in order to improve the generalizability of CNN-based exoplanet detection across surveys.      
### 15.Reciprocal Feature Learning via Explicit and Implicit Tasks in Scene Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06229.pdf)
>  Text recognition is a popular topic for its broad applications. In this work, we excavate the implicit task, character counting within the traditional text recognition, without additional labor annotation cost. The implicit task plays as an auxiliary branch for complementing the sequential recognition. We design a two-branch reciprocal feature learning framework in order to adequately utilize the features from both the tasks. Through exploiting the complementary effect between explicit and implicit tasks, the feature is reliably enhanced. Extensive experiments on 7 benchmarks show the advantages of the proposed methods in both text recognition and the new-built character counting tasks. In addition, it is convenient yet effective to equip with variable networks and tasks. We offer abundant ablation studies, generalizing experiments with deeper understanding on the tasks. Code is available.      
### 16.LGPMA: Complicated Table Structure Recognition with Local and Global Pyramid Mask Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06224.pdf)
>  Table structure recognition is a challenging task due to the various structures and complicated cell spanning relations. Previous methods handled the problem starting from elements in different granularities (rows/columns, text regions), which somehow fell into the issues like lossy heuristic rules or neglect of empty cell division. Based on table structure characteristics, we find that obtaining the aligned bounding boxes of text region can effectively maintain the entire relevant range of different cells. However, the aligned bounding boxes are hard to be accurately predicted due to the visual ambiguities. In this paper, we aim to obtain more reliable aligned bounding boxes by fully utilizing the visual information from both text regions in proposed local features and cell relations in global features. Specifically, we propose the framework of Local and Global Pyramid Mask Alignment, which adopts the soft pyramid mask learning mechanism in both the local and global feature maps. It allows the predicted boundaries of bounding boxes to break through the limitation of original proposals. A pyramid mask re-scoring module is then integrated to compromise the local and global information and refine the predicted boundaries. Finally, we propose a robust table structure recovery pipeline to obtain the final structure, in which we also effectively solve the problems of empty cells locating and division. Experimental results show that the proposed method achieves competitive and even new state-of-the-art performance on several public benchmarks.      
### 17.VSR: A Unified Framework for Document Layout Analysis combining Vision, Semantics and Relations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06220.pdf)
>  Document layout analysis is crucial for understanding document structures. On this task, vision and semantics of documents, and relations between layout components contribute to the understanding process. Though many works have been proposed to exploit the above information, they show unsatisfactory results. NLP-based methods model layout analysis as a sequence labeling task and show insufficient capabilities in layout modeling. CV-based methods model layout analysis as a detection or segmentation task, but bear limitations of inefficient modality fusion and lack of relation modeling between layout components. To address the above limitations, we propose a unified framework VSR for document layout analysis, combining vision, semantics and relations. VSR supports both NLP-based and CV-based methods. Specifically, we first introduce vision through document image and semantics through text embedding maps. Then, modality-specific visual and semantic features are extracted using a two-stream network, which are adaptively fused to make full use of complementary information. Finally, given component candidates, a relation module based on graph neural network is incorported to model relations between components and output final results. On three popular benchmarks, VSR outperforms previous models by large margins. Code will be released soon.      
### 18.TransferI2I: Transfer Learning for Image-to-Image Translation from Small Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06219.pdf)
>  Image-to-image (I2I) translation has matured in recent years and is able to generate high-quality realistic images. However, despite current success, it still faces important challenges when applied to small domains. Existing methods use transfer learning for I2I translation, but they still require the learning of millions of parameters from scratch. This drawback severely limits its application on small domains. In this paper, we propose a new transfer learning for I2I translation (TransferI2I). We decouple our learning process into the image generation step and the I2I translation step. In the first step we propose two novel techniques: source-target initialization and self-initialization of the adaptor layer. The former finetunes the pretrained generative model (e.g., StyleGAN) on source and target data. The latter allows to initialize all non-pretrained network parameters without the need of any data. These techniques provide a better initialization for the I2I translation step. In addition, we introduce an auxiliary GAN that further facilitates the training of deep I2I systems even from small datasets. In extensive experiments on three datasets, (Animal faces, Birds, and Foods), we show that we outperform existing methods and that mFID improves on several datasets with over 25 points.      
### 19.SizeNet: Object Recognition via Object Real Size-based convolutional networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06188.pdf)
>  Inspired by the conclusion that human choose the visual cortex regions which corresponding to the real size of the object to analyze the features of the object, when realizing the objects in the real world. This paper presents a framework -- SizeNet which based on both the real sizes and the features of objects, to solve objects recognition problems. SizeNet was used for the objects recognition experiments on the homemade Rsize dataset, and compared with State-of-the-art Methods AlexNet, VGG-16, Inception V3, Resnet-18 DenseNet-121. The results show that SizeNet provides much higher accuracy rates for the objects recognition than the other algorithms. SizeNet can solve the two problems that correctly recognize the objects whose features are highly similar but the real sizes are obviously different from each other, and correctly distinguish the target object from the interference objects whose real sizes are obviously different from the target object. This is because SizeNet recognizes the object based not only the features, but also the real size. The real size of the object can help to exclude the interference object categories whose real size ranges do not match the real size of the object, which greatly reducing the object categories' number in the label set used for the downstream object recognition based on object features. SizeNet is of great significance to the study of interpretable computer vision. Our code and dataset will be made public.      
### 20.Adaptive Test-Time Augmentation for Low-Power CPU  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06183.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (ConvNets) are trained offline using the few available data and may therefore suffer from substantial accuracy loss when ported on the field, where unseen input patterns received under unpredictable external conditions can mislead the model. Test-Time Augmentation (TTA) techniques aim to alleviate such common side effect at inference-time, first running multiple feed-forward passes on a set of altered versions of the same input sample, and then computing the main outcome through a consensus of the aggregated predictions. Unfortunately, the implementation of TTA on embedded CPUs introduces latency penalties that limit its adoption on edge applications. To tackle this issue, we propose AdapTTA, an adaptive implementation of TTA that controls the number of feed-forward passes dynamically, depending on the complexity of the input. Experimental results on state-of-the-art ConvNets for image classification deployed on a commercial ARM Cortex-A CPU demonstrate AdapTTA reaches remarkable latency savings, from 1.49X to 2.21X, and hence a higher frame rate compared to static TTA, still preserving the same accuracy gain.      
### 21.Global Wheat Challenge 2020: Analysis of the competition design and winning models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06182.pdf)
>  Data competitions have become a popular approach to crowdsource new data analysis methods for general and specialized data science problems. In plant phenotyping, data competitions have a rich history, and new outdoor field datasets have potential for new data competitions. We developed the Global Wheat Challenge as a generalization competition to see if solutions for wheat head detection from field images would work in different regions around the world. In this paper, we analyze the winning challenge solutions in terms of their robustness and the relative importance of model and data augmentation design decisions. We found that the design of the competition influence the selection of winning solutions and provide recommendations for future competitions in an attempt to garner more robust winning solutions.      
### 22.Relation-aware Hierarchical Attention Framework for Video Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06160.pdf)
>  Video Question Answering (VideoQA) is a challenging video understanding task since it requires a deep understanding of both question and video. Previous studies mainly focus on extracting sophisticated visual and language embeddings, fusing them by delicate hand-crafted networks.However, the relevance of different frames, objects, and modalities to the question are varied along with the time, which is ignored in most of existing methods. Lacking understanding of the the dynamic relationships and interactions among objects brings a great challenge to VideoQA <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://task.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> address this problem, we propose a novel Relation-aware Hierarchical Attention (RHA) framework to learn both the static and dynamic relations of the objects in videos. In particular, videos and questions are embedded by pre-trained models firstly to obtain the visual and textual features. Then a graph-based relation encoder is utilized to extract the static relationship between visual <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://objects.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> capture the dynamic changes of multimodal objects in different video frames, we consider the temporal, spatial, and semantic relations, and fuse the multimodal features by hierarchical attention mechanism to predict the answer. We conduct extensive experiments on a large scale VideoQA dataset, and the experimental results demonstrate that our RHA outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 23.When Human Pose Estimation Meets Robustness: Adversarial Algorithms and Benchmarks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06152.pdf)
>  Human pose estimation is a fundamental yet challenging task in computer vision, which aims at localizing human anatomical keypoints. However, unlike human vision that is robust to various data corruptions such as blur and pixelation, current pose estimators are easily confused by these corruptions. This work comprehensively studies and addresses this problem by building rigorous robust benchmarks, termed COCO-C, MPII-C, and OCHuman-C, to evaluate the weaknesses of current advanced pose estimators, and a new algorithm termed AdvMix is proposed to improve their robustness in different corruptions. Our work has several unique benefits. (1) AdvMix is model-agnostic and capable in a wide-spectrum of pose estimation models. (2) AdvMix consists of adversarial augmentation and knowledge distillation. Adversarial augmentation contains two neural network modules that are trained jointly and competitively in an adversarial manner, where a generator network mixes different corrupted images to confuse a pose estimator, improving the robustness of the pose estimator by learning from harder samples. To compensate for the noise patterns by adversarial augmentation, knowledge distillation is applied to transfer clean pose structure knowledge to the target pose estimator. (3) Extensive experiments show that AdvMix significantly increases the robustness of pose estimations across a wide range of corruptions, while maintaining accuracy on clean data in various challenging benchmark datasets.      
### 24.Boosting Light-Weight Depth Estimation Via Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06143.pdf)
>  The advanced performance of depth estimation is achieved by the employment of large and complex neural networks. While the performance has still been continuously improved, we argue that the depth estimation has to be accurate and efficient. It's a preliminary requirement for real-world applications. However, fast depth estimation tends to lower the performance as the trade-off between the model's capacity and accuracy. In this paper, we attempt to archive highly accurate depth estimation with a light-weight network. To this end, we first introduce a compact network that can estimate a depth map in real-time. We then technically show two complementary and necessary strategies to improve the performance of the light-weight network. As the number of real-world scenes is infinite, the first is the employment of auxiliary data that increases the diversity of training data. The second is the use of knowledge distillation to further boost the performance. Through extensive and rigorous experiments, we show that our method outperforms previous light-weight methods in terms of inference accuracy, computational efficiency and generalization. We can achieve comparable performance compared to state-of-the-of-art methods with only 1% parameters, on the other hand, our method outperforms other light-weight methods by a significant margin.      
### 25.Unsupervised Hashing with Contrastive Information Bottleneck  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06138.pdf)
>  Many unsupervised hashing methods are implicitly established on the idea of reconstructing the input data, which basically encourages the hashing codes to retain as much information of original data as possible. However, this requirement may force the models spending lots of their effort on reconstructing the unuseful background information, while ignoring to preserve the discriminative semantic information that is more important for the hashing task. To tackle this problem, inspired by the recent success of contrastive learning in learning continuous representations, we propose to adapt this framework to learn binary hashing codes. Specifically, we first propose to modify the objective function to meet the specific requirement of hashing and then introduce a probabilistic binary representation layer into the model to facilitate end-to-end training of the entire model. We further prove the strong connection between the proposed contrastive-learning-based hashing method and the mutual information, and show that the proposed model can be considered under the broader framework of the information bottleneck (IB). Under this perspective, a more general hashing model is naturally obtained. Extensive experimental results on three benchmark image datasets demonstrate that the proposed hashing method significantly outperforms existing baselines.      
### 26.SAFIN: Arbitrary Style Transfer With Self-Attentive Factorized Instance Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06129.pdf)
>  Artistic style transfer aims to transfer the style characteristics of one image onto another image while retaining its content. Existing approaches commonly leverage various normalization techniques, although these face limitations in adequately transferring diverse textures to different spatial locations. Self-Attention-based approaches have tackled this issue with partial success but suffer from unwanted artifacts. Motivated by these observations, this paper aims to combine the best of both worlds: self-attention and normalization. That yields a new plug-and-play module that we nameSelf-Attentive Fac-torized Instance Normalization(SAFIN). SAFIN is essentially a spatially adaptive normalization module whose parameters are inferred through attention on the content and style image. We demonstrate that plugging SAFIN into the base network of another state-of-the-art method results in enhanced stylization. We also develop a novel base network composed of Wavelet Transform for multi-scale style transfer, which when combined with SAFIN, produces visually appealing results with lesser unwanted textures.      
### 27.Deep Unsupervised Hashing by Distilled Smooth Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06125.pdf)
>  Hashing has been widely used in approximate nearest neighbor search for its storage and computational efficiency. Deep supervised hashing methods are not widely used because of the lack of labeled data, especially when the domain is transferred. Meanwhile, unsupervised deep hashing models can hardly achieve satisfactory performance due to the lack of reliable similarity signals. To tackle this problem, we propose a novel deep unsupervised hashing method, namely Distilled Smooth Guidance (DSG), which can learn a distilled dataset consisting of similarity signals as well as smooth confidence signals. To be specific, we obtain the similarity confidence weights based on the initial noisy similarity signals learned from local structures and construct a priority loss function for smooth similarity-preserving learning. Besides, global information based on clustering is utilized to distill the image pairs by removing contradictory similarity signals. Extensive experiments on three widely used benchmark datasets show that the proposed DSG consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art search methods.      
### 28.TAR: Generalized Forensic Framework to Detect Deepfakes using Weakly Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06117.pdf)
>  Deepfakes have become a critical social problem, and detecting them is of utmost importance. Also, deepfake generation methods are advancing, and it is becoming harder to detect. While many deepfake detection models can detect different types of deepfakes separately, they perform poorly on generalizing the detection performance over multiple types of deepfake. This motivates us to develop a generalized model to detect different types of deepfakes. Therefore, in this work, we introduce a practical digital forensic tool to detect different types of deepfakes simultaneously and propose Transfer learning-based Autoencoder with Residuals (TAR). The ultimate goal of our work is to develop a unified model to detect various types of deepfake videos with high accuracy, with only a small number of training samples that can work well in real-world settings. We develop an autoencoder-based detection model with Residual blocks and sequentially perform transfer learning to detect different types of deepfakes simultaneously. Our approach achieves a much higher generalized detection performance than the state-of-the-art methods on the FaceForensics++ dataset. In addition, we evaluate our model on 200 real-world Deepfake-in-the-Wild (DW) videos of 50 celebrities available on the Internet and achieve 89.49% zero-shot accuracy, which is significantly higher than the best baseline model (gaining 10.77%), demonstrating and validating the practicability of our approach.      
### 29.Superevents: Towards Native Semantic Segmentation for Event-based Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06091.pdf)
>  Most successful computer vision models transform low-level features, such as Gabor filter responses, into richer representations of intermediate or mid-level complexity for downstream visual tasks. These mid-level representations have not been explored for event cameras, although it is especially relevant to the visually sparse and often disjoint spatial information in the event stream. By making use of locally consistent intermediate representations, termed as superevents, numerous visual tasks ranging from semantic segmentation, visual tracking, depth estimation shall benefit. In essence, superevents are perceptually consistent local units that delineate parts of an object in a scene. Inspired by recent deep learning architectures, we present a novel method that employs lifetime augmentation for obtaining an event stream representation that is fed to a fully convolutional network to extract superevents. Our qualitative and quantitative experimental results on several sequences of a benchmark dataset highlights the significant potential for event-based downstream applications.      
### 30.Learning symbol relation tree for online mathematical expression recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06084.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a method for recognizing online handwritten mathematical expressions (OnHME) by building a symbol relation tree (SRT) directly from a sequence of strokes. A bidirectional recurrent neural network learns from multiple derived paths of SRT to predict both symbols and spatial relations between symbols using global context. The recognition system has two parts: a temporal classifier and a tree connector. The temporal classifier produces an SRT by recognizing an OnHME pattern. The tree connector splits the SRT into several sub-SRTs. The final SRT is formed by looking up the best combination among those sub-SRTs. Besides, we adopt a tree sorting method to deal with various stroke orders. Recognition experiments indicate that the proposed OnHME recognition system is competitive to other methods. The recognition system achieves 44.12% and 41.76% expression recognition rates on the Competition on Recognition of Online Handwritten Mathematical Expressions (CROHME) 2014 and 2016 testing sets.      
### 31.GAN Prior Embedded Network for Blind Face Restoration in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06070.pdf)
>  Blind face restoration (BFR) from severely degraded face images in the wild is a very challenging problem. Due to the high illness of the problem and the complex unknown degradation, directly training a deep neural network (DNN) usually cannot lead to acceptable results. Existing generative adversarial network (GAN) based methods can produce better results but tend to generate over-smoothed restorations. In this work, we propose a new method by first learning a GAN for high-quality face image generation and embedding it into a U-shaped DNN as a prior decoder, then fine-tuning the GAN prior embedded DNN with a set of synthesized low-quality face images. The GAN blocks are designed to ensure that the latent code and noise input to the GAN can be respectively generated from the deep and shallow features of the DNN, controlling the global face structure, local face details and background of the reconstructed image. The proposed GAN prior embedded network (GPEN) is easy-to-implement, and it can generate visually photo-realistic results. Our experiments demonstrated that the proposed GPEN achieves significantly superior results to state-of-the-art BFR methods both quantitatively and qualitatively, especially for the restoration of severely degraded face images in the wild. The source code and models can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yangxy/GPEN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Model Pruning Based on Quantified Similarity of Feature Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06052.pdf)
>  A high-accuracy CNN is often accompanied by huge parameters, which are usually stored in the high-dimensional tensors. However, there are few methods can figure out the redundant information of the parameters stored in the high-dimensional tensors, which leads to the lack of theoretical guidance for the compression of CNNs. In this paper, we propose a novel theory to find redundant information in three dimensional tensors, namely Quantified Similarity of Feature Maps (QSFM), and use this theory to prune convolutional neural networks to enhance the inference speed. Our method belongs to filter pruning, which can be implemented without using any special libraries. We perform our method not only on common convolution layers but also on special convolution layers, such as depthwise separable convolution layers. The experiments prove that QSFM can find the redundant information in the neural network effectively. Without any fine-tuning operation, QSFM can compress ResNet-56 on CIFAR-10 significantly (48.27% FLOPs and 57.90% parameters reduction) with only a loss of 0.54% in the top-1 accuracy. QSFM also prunes ResNet-56, VGG-16 and MobileNetV2 with fine-tuning operation, which also shows excellent results.      
### 33.Compatibility-aware Heterogeneous Visual Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06047.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of visual search under resource constraints. Existing systems use the same embedding model to compute representations (embeddings) for the query and gallery images. Such systems inherently face a hard accuracy-efficiency trade-off: the embedding model needs to be large enough to ensure high accuracy, yet small enough to enable query-embedding computation on resource-constrained platforms. This trade-off could be mitigated if gallery embeddings are generated from a large model and query embeddings are extracted using a compact model. The key to building such a system is to ensure representation compatibility between the query and gallery models. In this paper, we address two forms of compatibility: One enforced by modifying the parameters of each model that computes the embeddings. The other by modifying the architectures that compute the embeddings, leading to compatibility-aware neural architecture search (CMP-NAS). We test CMP-NAS on challenging retrieval tasks for fashion images (DeepFashion2), and face images (IJB-C). Compared to ordinary (homogeneous) visual search using the largest embedding model (paragon), CMP-NAS achieves 80-fold and 23-fold cost reduction while maintaining accuracy within 0.3% and 1.6% of the paragon on DeepFashion2 and IJB-C respectively.      
### 34.Extreme Face Inpainting with Sketch-Guided Conditional GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06033.pdf)
>  Recovering badly damaged face images is a useful yet challenging task, especially in extreme cases where the masked or damaged region is very large. One of the major challenges is the ability of the system to generalize on faces outside the training dataset. We propose to tackle this extreme inpainting task with a conditional Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) that utilizes structural information, such as edges, as a prior condition. Edge information can be obtained from the partially masked image and a structurally similar image or a hand drawing. In our proposed conditional GAN, we pass the conditional input in every layer of the encoder while maintaining consistency in the distributions between the learned weights and the incoming conditional input. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method with badly damaged face examples.      
### 35.Neural Trajectory Fields for Dynamic Novel View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.05994.pdf)
>  Recent approaches to render photorealistic views from a limited set of photographs have pushed the boundaries of our interactions with pictures of static scenes. The ability to recreate moments, that is, time-varying sequences, is perhaps an even more interesting scenario, but it remains largely unsolved. We introduce DCT-NeRF, a coordinatebased neural representation for dynamic scenes. DCTNeRF learns smooth and stable trajectories over the input sequence for each point in space. This allows us to enforce consistency between any two frames in the sequence, which results in high quality reconstruction, particularly in dynamic regions.      
### 36.Connecting What to Say With Where to Look by Modeling Human Attention Traces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.05964.pdf)
>  We introduce a unified framework to jointly model images, text, and human attention traces. Our work is built on top of the recent Localized Narratives annotation framework [30], where each word of a given caption is paired with a mouse trace segment. We propose two novel tasks: (1) predict a trace given an image and caption (i.e., visual grounding), and (2) predict a caption and a trace given only an image. Learning the grounding of each word is challenging, due to noise in the human-provided traces and the presence of words that cannot be meaningfully visually grounded. We present a novel model architecture that is jointly trained on dual tasks (controlled trace generation and controlled caption generation). To evaluate the quality of the generated traces, we propose a local bipartite matching (LBM) distance metric which allows the comparison of two traces of different lengths. Extensive experiments show our model is robust to the imperfect training data and outperforms the baselines by a clear margin. Moreover, we demonstrate that our model pre-trained on the proposed tasks can be also beneficial to the downstream task of COCO's guided image captioning. Our code and project page are publicly available.      
### 37.Semantic Diversity Learning for Zero-Shot Multi-label Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.05926.pdf)
>  Training a neural network model for recognizing multiple labels associated with an image, including identifying unseen labels, is challenging, especially for images that portray numerous semantically diverse labels. As challenging as this task is, it is an essential task to tackle since it represents many real-world cases, such as image retrieval of natural images. We argue that using a single embedding vector to represent an image, as commonly practiced, is not sufficient to rank both relevant seen and unseen labels accurately. This study introduces an end-to-end model training for multi-label zero-shot learning that supports semantic diversity of the images and labels. We propose to use an embedding matrix having principal embedding vectors trained using a tailored loss function. In addition, during training, we suggest up-weighting in the loss function image samples presenting higher semantic diversity to encourage the diversity of the embedding matrix. Extensive experiments show that our proposed method improves the zero-shot model's quality in tag-based image retrieval achieving SoTA results on several common datasets (NUS-Wide, COCO, Open Images).      
### 38.What's wrong with this video? Comparing Explainers for Deepfake Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.05902.pdf)
>  Deepfakes are computer manipulated videos where the face of an individual has been replaced with that of another. Software for creating such forgeries is easy to use and ever more popular, causing serious threats to personal reputation and public security. The quality of classifiers for detecting deepfakes has improved with the releasing of ever larger datasets, but the understanding of why a particular video has been labelled as fake has not kept pace. <br>In this work we develop, extend and compare white-box, black-box and model-specific techniques for explaining the labelling of real and fake videos. In particular, we adapt SHAP, GradCAM and self-attention models to the task of explaining the predictions of state-of-the-art detectors based on EfficientNet, trained on the Deepfake Detection Challenge (DFDC) dataset. We compare the obtained explanations, proposing metrics to quantify their visual features and desirable characteristics, and also perform a user survey collecting users' opinions regarding the usefulness of the explainers.      
### 39.Unsupervised Acute Intracranial Hemorrhage Segmentation with Mixture Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.05891.pdf)
>  Intracranial hemorrhage occurs when blood vessels rupture or leak within the brain tissue or elsewhere inside the skull. It can be caused by physical trauma or by various medical conditions and in many cases leads to death. The treatment must be started as soon as possible, and therefore the hemorrhage should be diagnosed accurately and quickly. The diagnosis is usually performed by a radiologist who analyses a Computed Tomography (CT) scan containing a large number of cross-sectional images throughout the brain. Analysing each image manually can be very time-consuming, but automated techniques can help speed up the process. While much of the recent research has focused on solving this problem by using supervised machine learning algorithms, publicly-available training data remains scarce due to privacy concerns. This problem can be alleviated by unsupervised algorithms. In this paper, we propose a fully-unsupervised algorithm which is based on the mixture models. Our algorithm utilizes the fact that the properties of hemorrhage and healthy tissues follow different distributions, and therefore an appropriate formulation of these distributions allows us to separate them through an Expectation-Maximization process. In addition, our algorithm is able to adaptively determine the number of clusters such that all the hemorrhage regions can be found without including noisy voxels. We demonstrate the results of our algorithm on publicly-available datasets that contain all different hemorrhage types in various sizes and intensities, and our results are compared to earlier unsupervised and supervised algorithms. The results show that our algorithm can outperform the other algorithms with most hemorrhage types.      
### 40.Out of the Box: Embodied Navigation in the Real World  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.05873.pdf)
>  The research field of Embodied AI has witnessed substantial progress in visual navigation and exploration thanks to powerful simulating platforms and the availability of 3D data of indoor and photorealistic environments. These two factors have opened the doors to a new generation of intelligent agents capable of achieving nearly perfect PointGoal Navigation. However, such architectures are commonly trained with millions, if not billions, of frames and tested in simulation. Together with great enthusiasm, these results yield a question: how many researchers will effectively benefit from these advances? In this work, we detail how to transfer the knowledge acquired in simulation into the real world. To that end, we describe the architectural discrepancies that damage the Sim2Real adaptation ability of models trained on the Habitat simulator and propose a novel solution tailored towards the deployment in real-world scenarios. We then deploy our models on a LoCoBot, a Low-Cost Robot equipped with a single Intel RealSense camera. Different from previous work, our testing scene is unavailable to the agent in simulation. The environment is also inaccessible to the agent beforehand, so it cannot count on scene-specific semantic priors. In this way, we reproduce a setting in which a research group (potentially from other fields) needs to employ the agent visual navigation capabilities as-a-Service. Our experiments indicate that it is possible to achieve satisfying results when deploying the obtained model in the real world. Our code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/aimagelab/LoCoNav" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.End-to-End Sequential Sampling and Reconstruction for MR Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06460.pdf)
>  Accelerated MRI shortens acquisition time by subsampling in the measurement k-space. Recovering a high-fidelity anatomical image from subsampled measurements requires close cooperation between two components: (1) a sampler that chooses the subsampling pattern and (2) a reconstructor that recovers images from incomplete measurements. In this paper, we leverage the sequential nature of MRI measurements, and propose a fully differentiable framework that jointly learns a sequential sampling policy simultaneously with a reconstruction strategy. This co-designed framework is able to adapt during acquisition in order to capture the most informative measurements for a particular target (Figure 1). Experimental results on the fastMRI knee dataset demonstrate that the proposed approach successfully utilizes intermediate information during the sampling process to boost reconstruction performance. In particular, our proposed method outperforms the current state-of-the-art learned k-space sampling baseline on up to 96.96% of test samples. We also investigate the individual and collective benefits of the sequential sampling and co-design strategies. Code and more visualizations are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://imaging.cms.caltech.edu/seq-mri" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 42.SyntheticFur dataset for neural rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06409.pdf)
>  We introduce a new dataset called SyntheticFur built specifically for machine learning training. The dataset consists of ray traced synthetic fur renders with corresponding rasterized input buffers and simulation data files. We procedurally generated approximately 140,000 images and 15 simulations with Houdini. The images consist of fur groomed with different skin primitives and move with various motions in a predefined set of lighting environments. We also demonstrated how the dataset could be used with neural rendering to significantly improve fur graphics using inexpensive input buffers by training a conditional generative adversarial network with perceptual loss. We hope the availability of such high fidelity fur renders will encourage new advances with neural rendering for a variety of applications.      
### 43.Frequent Pattern Mining in Continuous-time Temporal Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06399.pdf)
>  Networks are used as highly expressive tools in different disciplines. In recent years, the analysis and mining of temporal networks have attracted substantial attention. Frequent pattern mining is considered an essential task in the network science literature. In addition to the numerous applications, the investigation of frequent pattern mining in networks directly impacts other analytical approaches, such as clustering, quasi-clique and clique mining, and link prediction. In nearly all the algorithms proposed for frequent pattern mining in temporal networks, the networks are represented as sequences of static networks. Then, the inter- or intra-network patterns are mined. This type of representation imposes a computation-expressiveness trade-off to the mining problem. In this paper, we propose a novel representation that can preserve the temporal aspects of the network losslessly. Then, we introduce the concept of constrained interval graphs (CIGs). Next, we develop a series of algorithms for mining the complete set of frequent temporal patterns in a temporal network data set. We also consider four different definitions of isomorphism to allow noise tolerance in temporal data collection. Implementing the algorithm for three real-world data sets proves the practicality of the proposed algorithm and its capability to discover unknown patterns in various settings.      
### 44.Neighborhood-Aware Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06369.pdf)
>  Existing neural architecture search (NAS) methods often return an architecture with good search performance but generalizes poorly to the test setting. To achieve better generalization, we propose a novel neighborhood-aware NAS formulation to identify flat-minima architectures in the search space, with the assumption that flat minima generalize better than sharp minima. The phrase "flat-minima architecture" refers to architectures whose performance is stable under small perturbations in the architecture (e.g., replacing a convolution with a skip connection). Our formulation takes the "flatness" of an architecture into account by aggregating the performance over the neighborhood of this architecture. We demonstrate a principled way to apply our formulation to existing search algorithms, including sampling-based algorithms and gradient-based algorithms. To facilitate the application to gradient-based algorithms, we also propose a differentiable representation for the neighborhood of architectures. Based on our formulation, we propose neighborhood-aware random search (NA-RS) and neighborhood-aware differentiable architecture search (NA-DARTS). Notably, by simply augmenting DARTS with our formulation, NA-DARTS finds architectures that perform better or on par with those found by state-of-the-art NAS methods on established benchmarks, including CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and ImageNet.      
### 45.Forensic Analysis of Video Files Using Metadata  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06361.pdf)
>  The unprecedented ease and ability to manipulate video content has led to a rapid spread of manipulated media. The availability of video editing tools greatly increased in recent years, allowing one to easily generate photo-realistic alterations. Such manipulations can leave traces in the metadata embedded in video files. This metadata information can be used to determine video manipulations, brand of video recording device, the type of video editing tool, and other important evidence. In this paper, we focus on the metadata contained in the popular MP4 video wrapper/container. We describe our method for metadata extractor that uses the MP4's tree structure. Our approach for analyzing the video metadata produces a more compact representation. We will describe how we construct features from the metadata and then use dimensionality reduction and nearest neighbor classification for forensic analysis of a video file. Our approach allows one to visually inspect the distribution of metadata features and make decisions. The experimental results confirm that the performance of our approach surpasses other methods.      
### 46.Vision-Guided Active Tactile Perception for Crack Detection and Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06325.pdf)
>  Crack detection is of great significance for monitoring the integrity and well-being of the infrastructure such as bridges and underground pipelines, which are harsh environments for people to access. In recent years, computer vision techniques have been applied in detecting cracks in concrete structures. However, they suffer from variances in light conditions and shadows, lacking robustness and resulting in many false positives. To address the uncertainty in vision, human inspectors actively touch the surface of the structures, guided by vision, which has not been explored in autonomous crack detection. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to detect and reconstruct cracks in concrete structures using vision-guided active tactile perception. Given an RGB-D image of a structure, the rough profile of the crack in the structure surface will first be segmented with a fine-tuned Deep Convolutional Neural Networks, and a set of contact points are generated to guide the collection of tactile images by a camera-based optical tactile sensor. When contacts are made, a pixel-wise mask of the crack can be obtained from the tactile images and therefore the profile of the crack can be refined by aligning the RGB-D image and the tactile images. Extensive experiment results have shown that the proposed method improves the effectiveness and robustness of crack detection and reconstruction significantly, compared to crack detection with vision only, and has the potential to enable robots to help humans with the inspection and repair of the concrete infrastructure.      
### 47.Video Corpus Moment Retrieval with Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06247.pdf)
>  Given a collection of untrimmed and unsegmented videos, video corpus moment retrieval (VCMR) is to retrieve a temporal moment (i.e., a fraction of a video) that semantically corresponds to a given text query. As video and text are from two distinct feature spaces, there are two general approaches to address VCMR: (i) to separately encode each modality representations, then align the two modality representations for query processing, and (ii) to adopt fine-grained cross-modal interaction to learn multi-modal representations for query processing. While the second approach often leads to better retrieval accuracy, the first approach is far more efficient. In this paper, we propose a Retrieval and Localization Network with Contrastive Learning (ReLoCLNet) for VCMR. We adopt the first approach and introduce two contrastive learning objectives to refine video encoder and text encoder to learn video and text representations separately but with better alignment for VCMR. The video contrastive learning (VideoCL) is to maximize mutual information between query and candidate video at video-level. The frame contrastive learning (FrameCL) aims to highlight the moment region corresponds to the query at frame-level, within a video. Experimental results show that, although ReLoCLNet encodes text and video separately for efficiency, its retrieval accuracy is comparable with baselines adopting cross-modal interaction learning.      
### 48.Multi-scale Regional Attention Deeplab3+: Multiple Myeloma Plasma Cells Segmentation in Microscopic Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06238.pdf)
>  Multiple myeloma cancer is a type of blood cancer that happens when the growth of abnormal plasma cells becomes out of control in the bone marrow. There are various ways to diagnose multiple myeloma in bone marrow such as complete blood count test (CBC) or counting myeloma plasma cell in aspirate slide images using manual visualization or through image processing technique. In this work, an automatic deep learning method for the detection and segmentation of multiple myeloma plasma cell have been explored. To this end, a two-stage deep learning method is designed. In the first stage, the nucleus detection network is utilized to extract each instance of a cell of interest. The extracted instance is then fed to the multi-scale function to generate a multi-scale representation. The objective of the multi-scale function is to capture the shape variation and reduce the effect of object scale on the cytoplasm segmentation network. The generated scales are then fed into a pyramid of cytoplasm networks to learn the segmentation map in various scales. On top of the cytoplasm segmentation network, we included a scale aggregation function to refine and generate a final prediction. The proposed approach has been evaluated on the SegPC2021 grand-challenge and ranked second on the final test phase among all teams.      
### 49.Quantized Proximal Averaging Network for Analysis Sparse Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06211.pdf)
>  We solve the analysis sparse coding problem considering a combination of convex and non-convex sparsity promoting penalties. The multi-penalty formulation results in an iterative algorithm involving proximal-averaging. We then unfold the iterative algorithm into a trainable network that facilitates learning the sparsity prior. We also consider quantization of the network weights. Quantization makes neural networks efficient both in terms of memory and computation during inference, and also renders them compatible for low-precision hardware deployment. Our learning algorithm is based on a variant of the ADAM optimizer in which the quantizer is part of the forward pass and the gradients of the loss function are evaluated corresponding to the quantized weights while doing a book-keeping of the high-precision weights. We demonstrate applications to compressed image recovery and magnetic resonance image reconstruction. The proposed approach offers superior reconstruction accuracy and quality than state-of-the-art unfolding techniques and the performance degradation is minimal even when the weights are subjected to extreme quantization.      
### 50.Geometric Model Checking of Continuous Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06194.pdf)
>  Topological Spatial Model Checking is a recent paradigm that combines Model Checking with the topological interpretation of Modal Logic. The Spatial Logic of Closure Spaces, SLCS, extends Modal Logic with reachability connectives that, in turn, can be used for expressing interesting spatial properties, such as "being near to" or "being surrounded by". SLCS constitutes the kernel of a solid logical framework for reasoning about discrete space, such as graphs and digital images, interpreted as quasi discrete closure spaces. In particular, the spatial model checker VoxLogicA, that uses an extended version of SLCS, has been used successfully in the domain of medical imaging. However, SLCS is not restricted to discrete space. Following a recently developed geometric semantics of Modal Logic, we show that it is possible to assign an interpretation to SLCS in continuous space, admitting a model checking procedure, by resorting to models based on polyhedra. In medical imaging such representations of space are increasingly relevant, due to recent developments of 3D scanning and visualisation techniques that exploit mesh processing. We demonstrate feasibility of our approach via a new tool, PolyLogicA, aimed at efficient verification of SLCS formulas on polyhedra, while inheriting some well-established optimization techniques already adopted in VoxLogicA. Finally, we cater for a geometric definition of bisimilarity, proving that it characterises logical equivalence.      
### 51.A hybrid machine learning/deep learning COVID-19 severity predictive model from CT images and clinical data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06141.pdf)
>  COVID-19 clinical presentation and prognosis are highly variable, ranging from asymptomatic and paucisymptomatic cases to acute respiratory distress syndrome and multi-organ involvement. We developed a hybrid machine learning/deep learning model to classify patients in two outcome categories, non-ICU and ICU (intensive care admission or death), using 558 patients admitted in a northern Italy hospital in February/May of 2020. A fully 3D patient-level CNN classifier on baseline CT images is used as feature extractor. Features extracted, alongside with laboratory and clinical data, are fed for selection in a Boruta algorithm with SHAP game theoretical values. A classifier is built on the reduced feature space using CatBoost gradient boosting algorithm and reaching a probabilistic AUC of 0.949 on holdout test set. The model aims to provide clinical decision support to medical doctors, with the probability score of belonging to an outcome class and with case-based SHAP interpretation of features importance.      
### 52.HINet: Half Instance Normalization Network for Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06086.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore the role of Instance Normalization in low-level vision tasks. Specifically, we present a novel block: Half Instance Normalization Block (HIN Block), to boost the performance of image restoration networks. Based on HIN Block, we design a simple and powerful multi-stage network named HINet, which consists of two subnetworks. With the help of HIN Block, HINet surpasses the state-of-the-art (SOTA) on various image restoration tasks. For image denoising, we exceed it 0.11dB and 0.28 dB in PSNR on SIDD dataset, with only 7.5% and 30% of its multiplier-accumulator operations (MACs), 6.8 times and 2.9 times speedup respectively. For image deblurring, we get comparable performance with 22.5% of its MACs and 3.3 times speedup on REDS and GoPro datasets. For image deraining, we exceed it by 0.3 dB in PSNR on the average result of multiple datasets with 1.4 times speedup. With HINet, we won 1st place on the NTIRE 2021 Image Deblurring Challenge - Track2. JPEG Artifacts, with a PSNR of 29.70. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/megvii-model/HINet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 53.TopoTxR: A Topological Biomarker for Predicting Treatment Response in Breast Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.06049.pdf)
>  Characterization of breast parenchyma on dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (DCE-MRI) is a challenging task owing to the complexity of underlying tissue structures. Current quantitative approaches, including radiomics and deep learning models, do not explicitly capture the complex and subtle parenchymal structures, such as fibroglandular tissue. In this paper, we propose a novel method to direct a neural network's attention to a dedicated set of voxels surrounding biologically relevant tissue structures. By extracting multi-dimensional topological structures with high saliency, we build a topology-derived biomarker, TopoTxR. We demonstrate the efficacy of TopoTxR in predicting response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in breast cancer. Our qualitative and quantitative results suggest differential topological behavior of breast tissue on treatment-nave imaging, in patients who respond favorably to therapy versus those who do not.      
### 54.DONet: Dual-Octave Network for Fast MR Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.05980.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance (MR) image acquisition is an inherently prolonged process, whose acceleration has long been the subject of research. This is commonly achieved by obtaining multiple undersampled images, simultaneously, through parallel imaging. In this paper, we propose the Dual-Octave Network (DONet), which is capable of learning multi-scale spatial-frequency features from both the real and imaginary components of MR data, for fast parallel MR image reconstruction. More specifically, our DONet consists of a series of Dual-Octave convolutions (Dual-OctConv), which are connected in a dense manner for better reuse of features. In each Dual-OctConv, the input feature maps and convolutional kernels are first split into two components (ie, real and imaginary), and then divided into four groups according to their spatial frequencies. Then, our Dual-OctConv conducts intra-group information updating and inter-group information exchange to aggregate the contextual information across different groups. Our framework provides three appealing benefits: (i) It encourages information interaction and fusion between the real and imaginary components at various spatial frequencies to achieve richer representational capacity. (ii) The dense connections between the real and imaginary groups in each Dual-OctConv make the propagation of features more efficient by feature reuse. (iii) DONet enlarges the receptive field by learning multiple spatial-frequency features of both the real and imaginary components. Extensive experiments on two popular datasets (ie, clinical knee and fastMRI), under different undersampling patterns and acceleration factors, demonstrate the superiority of our model in accelerated parallel MR image reconstruction.      
### 55.Removing Blocking Artifacts in Video Streams Using Event Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.05973.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose EveRestNet, a convolutional neural network designed to remove blocking artifacts in videostreams using events from neuromorphic sensors. We first degrade the video frame using a quadtree structure to produce the blocking artifacts to simulate transmitting a video under a heavily constrained bandwidth. Events from the neuromorphic sensor are also simulated, but are transmitted in full. Using the distorted frames and the event stream, EveRestNet is able to improve the image quality.      
### 56.Dynamical Isometry: The Missing Ingredient for Neural Network Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.05916.pdf)
>  Several recent works [40, 24] observed an interesting phenomenon in neural network pruning: A larger finetuning learning rate can improve the final performance significantly. Unfortunately, the reason behind it remains elusive up to date. This paper is meant to explain it through the lens of dynamical isometry [42]. Specifically, we examine neural network pruning from an unusual perspective: pruning as initialization for finetuning, and ask whether the inherited weights serve as a good initialization for the finetuning? The insights from dynamical isometry suggest a negative answer. Despite its critical role, this issue has not been well-recognized by the community so far. In this paper, we will show the understanding of this problem is very important -- on top of explaining the aforementioned mystery about the larger finetuning rate, it also unveils the mystery about the value of pruning [5, 30]. Besides a clearer theoretical understanding of pruning, resolving the problem can also bring us considerable performance benefits in practice.      
### 57.The Federated Tumor Segmentation (FeTS) Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.05874.pdf)
>  This manuscript describes the first challenge on Federated Learning, namely the Federated Tumor Segmentation (FeTS) challenge 2021. International challenges have become the standard for validation of biomedical image analysis methods. However, the actual performance of participating (even the winning) algorithms on "real-world" clinical data often remains unclear, as the data included in challenges are usually acquired in very controlled settings at few institutions. The seemingly obvious solution of just collecting increasingly more data from more institutions in such challenges does not scale well due to privacy and ownership hurdles. Towards alleviating these concerns, we are proposing the FeTS challenge 2021 to cater towards both the development and the evaluation of models for the segmentation of intrinsically heterogeneous (in appearance, shape, and histology) brain tumors, namely gliomas. Specifically, the FeTS 2021 challenge uses clinically acquired, multi-institutional magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans from the BraTS 2020 challenge, as well as from various remote independent institutions included in the collaborative network of a real-world federation (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.fets.ai/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>). The goals of the FeTS challenge are directly represented by the two included tasks: 1) the identification of the optimal weight aggregation approach towards the training of a consensus model that has gained knowledge via federated learning from multiple geographically distinct institutions, while their data are always retained within each institution, and 2) the federated evaluation of the generalizability of brain tumor segmentation models "in the wild", i.e. on data from institutional distributions that were not part of the training datasets.      
