# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 6 May 2021
### 1.Self-Supervised Multi-Frame Monocular Scene Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02216.pdf)
>  Estimating 3D scene flow from a sequence of monocular images has been gaining increased attention due to the simple, economical capture setup. Owing to the severe ill-posedness of the problem, the accuracy of current methods has been limited, especially that of efficient, real-time approaches. In this paper, we introduce a multi-frame monocular scene flow network based on self-supervised learning, improving the accuracy over previous networks while retaining real-time efficiency. Based on an advanced two-frame baseline with a split-decoder design, we propose (i) a multi-frame model using a triple frame input and convolutional LSTM connections, (ii) an occlusion-aware census loss for better accuracy, and (iii) a gradient detaching strategy to improve training stability. On the KITTI dataset, we observe state-of-the-art accuracy among monocular scene flow methods based on self-supervised learning.      
### 2.Physically Inspired Dense Fusion Networks for Relighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02209.pdf)
>  Image relighting has emerged as a problem of significant research interest inspired by augmented reality applications. Physics-based traditional methods, as well as black box deep learning models, have been developed. The existing deep networks have exploited training to achieve a new state of the art; however, they may perform poorly when training is limited or does not represent problem phenomenology, such as the addition or removal of dense shadows. We propose a model which enriches neural networks with physical insight. More precisely, our method generates the relighted image with new illumination settings via two different strategies and subsequently fuses them using a weight map (w). In the first strategy, our model predicts the material reflectance parameters (albedo) and illumination/geometry parameters of the scene (shading) for the relit image (we refer to this strategy as intrinsic image decomposition (IID)). The second strategy is solely based on the black box approach, where the model optimizes its weights based on the ground-truth images and the loss terms in the training stage and generates the relit output directly (we refer to this strategy as direct). While our proposed method applies to both one-to-one and any-to-any relighting problems, for each case we introduce problem-specific components that enrich the model performance: 1) For one-to-one relighting we incorporate normal vectors of the surfaces in the scene to adjust gloss and shadows accordingly in the image. 2) For any-to-any relighting, we propose an additional multiscale block to the architecture to enhance feature extraction. Experimental results on the VIDIT 2020 and the VIDIT 2021 dataset (used in the NTIRE 2021 relighting challenge) reveals that our proposal can outperform many state-of-the-art methods in terms of well-known fidelity metrics and perceptual loss.      
### 3.PD-GAN: Probabilistic Diverse GAN for Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02201.pdf)
>  We propose PD-GAN, a probabilistic diverse GAN for image inpainting. Given an input image with arbitrary hole regions, PD-GAN produces multiple inpainting results with diverse and visually realistic content. Our PD-GAN is built upon a vanilla GAN which generates images based on random noise. During image generation, we modulate deep features of input random noise from coarse-to-fine by injecting an initially restored image and the hole regions in multiple scales. We argue that during hole filling, the pixels near the hole boundary should be more deterministic (i.e., with higher probability trusting the context and initially restored image to create natural inpainting boundary), while those pixels lie in the center of the hole should enjoy more degrees of freedom (i.e., more likely to depend on the random noise for enhancing diversity). To this end, we propose spatially probabilistic diversity normalization (SPDNorm) inside the modulation to model the probability of generating a pixel conditioned on the context information. SPDNorm dynamically balances the realism and diversity inside the hole region, making the generated content more diverse towards the hole center and resemble neighboring image content more towards the hole boundary. Meanwhile, we propose a perceptual diversity loss to further empower PD-GAN for diverse content generation. Experiments on benchmark datasets including CelebA-HQ, Places2 and Paris Street View indicate that PD-GAN is effective for diverse and visually realistic image restoration.      
### 4.Impact of individual rater style on deep learning uncertainty in medical imaging segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02197.pdf)
>  While multiple studies have explored the relation between inter-rater variability and deep learning model uncertainty in medical segmentation tasks, little is known about the impact of individual rater style. This study quantifies rater style in the form of bias and consistency and explores their impacts when used to train deep learning models. Two multi-rater public datasets were used, consisting of brain multiple sclerosis lesion and spinal cord grey matter segmentation. On both datasets, results show a correlation ($R^2 = 0.60$ and $0.93$) between rater bias and deep learning uncertainty. The impact of label fusion between raters' annotations on this relationship is also explored, and we show that multi-center consensuses are more effective than single-center consensuses to reduce uncertainty, since rater style is mostly center-specific.      
### 5.Moving SLAM: Fully Unsupervised Deep Learning in Non-Rigid Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02195.pdf)
>  We propose a method to train deep networks to decompose videos into 3D geometry (camera and depth), moving objects, and their motions, with no supervision. We build on the idea of view synthesis, which uses classical camera geometry to re-render a source image from a different point-of-view, specified by a predicted relative pose and depth map. By minimizing the error between the synthetic image and the corresponding real image in a video, the deep network that predicts pose and depth can be trained completely unsupervised. However, the view synthesis equations rely on a strong assumption: that objects do not move. This rigid-world assumption limits the predictive power, and rules out learning about objects automatically. We propose a simple solution: minimize the error on small regions of the image instead. While the scene as a whole may be non-rigid, it is always possible to find small regions that are approximately rigid, such as inside a moving object. Our network can then predict different poses for each region, in a sliding window. This represents a significantly richer model, including 6D object motions, with little additional complexity. We establish new state-of-the-art results on unsupervised odometry and depth prediction on KITTI. We also demonstrate new capabilities on EPIC-Kitchens, a challenging dataset of indoor videos, where there is no ground truth information for depth, odometry, object segmentation or motion. Yet all are recovered automatically by our method.      
### 6.Addressing Annotation Imprecision for Tree Crown Delineation Using the RandCrowns Index  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02186.pdf)
>  Supervised methods for object delineation in remote sensing require labeled ground-truth data. Gathering sufficient high quality ground-truth data is difficult, especially when the targets are of irregular shape or difficult to distinguish from the background or neighboring objects. Tree crown delineation provides key information from remote sensing images for forestry, ecology, and management. However, tree crowns in remote sensing imagery are often difficult to label and annotate due to irregular shape, overlapping canopies, shadowing, and indistinct edges. There are also multiple approaches to annotation in this field (e.g., rectangular boxes vs. convex polygons) that further contribute to annotation imprecision. However, current evaluation methods do not account for this uncertainty in annotations, and quantitative metrics for evaluation can vary across multiple annotators. We address these limitations using an adaptation of the Rand index for weakly-labeled crown delineation that we call RandCrowns. The RandCrowns metric reformulates the Rand index by adjusting the areas over which each term of the index is computed to account for uncertain and imprecise object delineation labels. Quantitative comparisons to the commonly used intersection over union (Jaccard similarity) method shows a decrease in the variance generated by differences among multiple annotators. Combined with qualitative examples, our results suggest that this RandCrowns metric is more robust for scoring target delineations in the presence of uncertainty and imprecision in annotations that are inherent to tree crown delineation. Although the focus of this paper is on evaluation of tree crown delineations, annotation imprecision is a challenge that is common across remote sensing of the environment (and many computer vision problems in general).      
### 7.PolarMask++: Enhanced Polar Representation for Single-Shot Instance Segmentation and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02184.pdf)
>  Reducing the complexity of the pipeline of instance segmentation is crucial for real-world applications. This work addresses this issue by introducing an anchor-box free and single-shot instance segmentation framework, termed PolarMask, which reformulates the instance segmentation problem as predicting the contours of objects in the polar coordinate, with several appealing benefits. (1) The polar representation unifies instance segmentation (masks) and object detection (bounding boxes) into a single framework, reducing the design and computational complexity. (2) Two modules are carefully designed (i.e. soft polar centerness and polar IoU loss) to sample high-quality center examples and optimize polar contour regression, making the performance of PolarMask does not depend on the bounding box prediction results and thus becomes more efficient in training. (3) PolarMask is fully convolutional and can be easily embedded into most off-the-shelf detection methods. To further improve the accuracy of the framework, a Refined Feature Pyramid is introduced to further improve the feature representation at different scales, termed PolarMask++. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of both PolarMask and PolarMask++, which achieve competitive results on instance segmentation in the challenging COCO dataset with single-model and single-scale training and testing, as well as new state-of-the-art results on rotate text detection and cell segmentation. We hope the proposed polar representation can provide a new perspective for designing algorithms to solve single-shot instance segmentation. The codes and models are available at: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/xieenze/PolarMask" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 8.Learning Feature Aggregation for Deep 3D Morphable Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02173.pdf)
>  3D morphable models are widely used for the shape representation of an object class in computer vision and graphics applications. In this work, we focus on deep 3D morphable models that directly apply deep learning on 3D mesh data with a hierarchical structure to capture information at multiple scales. While great efforts have been made to design the convolution operator, how to best aggregate vertex features across hierarchical levels deserves further attention. In contrast to resorting to mesh decimation, we propose an attention based module to learn mapping matrices for better feature aggregation across hierarchical levels. Specifically, the mapping matrices are generated by a compatibility function of the keys and queries. The keys and queries are trainable variables, learned by optimizing the target objective, and shared by all data samples of the same object class. Our proposed module can be used as a train-only drop-in replacement for the feature aggregation in existing architectures for both downsampling and upsampling. Our experiments show that through the end-to-end training of the mapping matrices, we achieve state-of-the-art results on a variety of 3D shape datasets in comparison to existing morphable models.      
### 9.Visual Composite Set Detection Using Part-and-Sum Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02170.pdf)
>  Computer vision applications such as visual relationship detection and human-object interaction can be formulated as a composite (structured) set detection problem in which both the parts (subject, object, and predicate) and the sum (triplet as a whole) are to be detected in a hierarchical fashion. In this paper, we present a new approach, denoted Part-and-Sum detection Transformer (PST), to perform end-to-end composite set detection. Different from existing Transformers in which queries are at a single level, we simultaneously model the joint part and sum hypotheses/interactions with composite queries and attention modules. We explicitly incorporate sum queries to enable better modeling of the part-and-sum relations that are absent in the standard Transformers. Our approach also uses novel tensor-based part queries and vector-based sum queries, and models their joint interaction. We report experiments on two vision tasks, visual relationship detection, and human-object interaction, and demonstrate that PST achieves state-of-the-art results among single-stage models, while nearly matching the results of custom-designed two-stage models.      
### 10.VoxelContext-Net: An Octree based Framework for Point Cloud Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02158.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a two-stage deep learning framework called VoxelContext-Net for both static and dynamic point cloud compression. Taking advantages of both octree based methods and voxel based schemes, our approach employs the voxel context to compress the octree structured data. Specifically, we first extract the local voxel representation that encodes the spatial neighbouring context information for each node in the constructed octree. Then, in the entropy coding stage, we propose a voxel context based deep entropy model to compress the symbols of non-leaf nodes in a lossless way. Furthermore, for dynamic point cloud compression, we additionally introduce the local voxel representations from the temporal neighbouring point clouds to exploit temporal dependency. More importantly, to alleviate the distortion from the octree construction procedure, we propose a voxel context based 3D coordinate refinement method to produce more accurate reconstructed point cloud at the decoder side, which is applicable to both static and dynamic point cloud compression. The comprehensive experiments on both static and dynamic point cloud benchmark datasets(e.g., ScanNet and Semantic KITTI) clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of our newly proposed method VoxelContext-Net for 3D point cloud geometry compression.      
### 11.Pairwise Point Cloud Registration using Graph Matching and Rotation-invariant Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02151.pdf)
>  Registration is a fundamental but critical task in point cloud processing, which usually depends on finding element correspondence from two point clouds. However, the finding of reliable correspondence relies on establishing a robust and discriminative description of elements and the correct matching of corresponding elements. In this letter, we develop a coarse-to-fine registration strategy, which utilizes rotation-invariant features and a new weighted graph matching method for iteratively finding correspondence. In the graph matching method, the similarity of nodes and edges in Euclidean and feature space are formulated to construct the optimization function. The proposed strategy is evaluated using two benchmark datasets and compared with several state-of-the-art methods. Regarding the experimental results, our proposed method can achieve a fine registration with rotation errors of less than 0.2 degrees and translation errors of less than 0.1m.      
### 12.Conditional Invertible Neural Networks for Diverse Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02104.pdf)
>  We introduce a new architecture called a conditional invertible neural network (cINN), and use it to address the task of diverse image-to-image translation for natural images. This is not easily possible with existing INN models due to some fundamental limitations. The cINN combines the purely generative INN model with an unconstrained feed-forward network, which efficiently preprocesses the conditioning image into maximally informative features. All parameters of a cINN are jointly optimized with a stable, maximum likelihood-based training procedure. Even though INN-based models have received far less attention in the literature than GANs, they have been shown to have some remarkable properties absent in GANs, e.g. apparent immunity to mode collapse. We find that our cINNs leverage these properties for image-to-image translation, demonstrated on day to night translation and image colorization. Furthermore, we take advantage of our bidirectional cINN architecture to explore and manipulate emergent properties of the latent space, such as changing the image style in an intuitive way.      
### 13.Prototype Memory for Large-scale Face Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02103.pdf)
>  Face representation learning using datasets with massive number of identities requires appropriate training methods. Softmax-based approach, currently the state-of-the-art in face recognition, in its usual "full softmax" form is not suitable for datasets with millions of persons. Several methods, based on the "sampled softmax" approach, were proposed to remove this limitation. These methods, however, have a set of disadvantages. One of them is a problem of "prototype obsolescence": classifier weights (prototypes) of the rarely sampled classes, receive too scarce gradients and become outdated and detached from the current encoder state, resulting in an incorrect training signals. This problem is especially serious in ultra-large-scale datasets. In this paper, we propose a novel face representation learning model called Prototype Memory, which alleviates this problem and allows training on a dataset of any size. Prototype Memory consists of the limited-size memory module for storing recent class prototypes and employs a set of algorithms to update it in appropriate way. New class prototypes are generated on the fly using exemplar embeddings in the current mini-batch. These prototypes are enqueued to the memory and used in a role of classifier weights for usual softmax classification-based training. To prevent obsolescence and keep the memory in close connection with encoder, prototypes are regularly refreshed, and oldest ones are dequeued and disposed. Prototype Memory is computationally efficient and independent of dataset size. It can be used with various loss functions, hard example mining algorithms and encoder architectures. We prove the effectiveness of the proposed model by extensive experiments on popular face recognition benchmarks.      
### 14.Deep Spherical Manifold Gaussian Kernel for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02089.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain adaptation is an effective method in addressing the domain shift issue when transferring knowledge from an existing richly labeled domain to a new domain. Existing manifold-based methods either are based on traditional models or largely rely on Grassmannian manifold via minimizing differences of single covariance matrices of two domains. In addition, existing pseudo-labeling algorithms inadequately consider the quality of pseudo labels in aligning the conditional distribution between two domains. In this work, a deep spherical manifold Gaussian kernel (DSGK) framework is proposed to map the source and target subspaces into a spherical manifold and reduce the discrepancy between them by embedding both extracted features and a Gaussian kernel. To align the conditional distributions, we further develop an easy-to-hard pseudo label refinement process to improve the quality of the pseudo labels and then reduce categorical spherical manifold Gaussian kernel geodesic loss. Extensive experimental results show that DSGK outperforms state-of-the-art methods, especially on challenging cross-domain learning tasks.      
### 15.Proposal-free One-stage Referring Expression via Grid-Word Cross-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02061.pdf)
>  Referring Expression Comprehension (REC) has become one of the most important tasks in visual reasoning, since it is an essential step for many vision-and-language tasks such as visual question answering. However, it has not been widely used in many downstream tasks because it suffers 1) two-stage methods exist heavy computation cost and inevitable error accumulation, and 2) one-stage methods have to depend on lots of hyper-parameters (such as anchors) to generate bounding box. In this paper, we present a proposal-free one-stage (PFOS) model that is able to regress the region-of-interest from the image, based on a textual query, in an end-to-end manner. Instead of using the dominant anchor proposal fashion, we directly take the dense-grid of an image as input for a cross-attention transformer that learns grid-word correspondences. The final bounding box is predicted directly from the image without the time-consuming anchor selection process that previous methods suffer. Our model achieves the state-of-the-art performance on four referring expression datasets with higher efficiency, comparing to previous best one-stage and two-stage methods.      
### 16.Cuboids Revisited: Learning Robust 3D Shape Fitting to Single RGB Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02047.pdf)
>  Humans perceive and construct the surrounding world as an arrangement of simple parametric models. In particular, man-made environments commonly consist of volumetric primitives such as cuboids or cylinders. Inferring these primitives is an important step to attain high-level, abstract scene descriptions. Previous approaches directly estimate shape parameters from a 2D or 3D input, and are only able to reproduce simple objects, yet unable to accurately parse more complex 3D scenes. In contrast, we propose a robust estimator for primitive fitting, which can meaningfully abstract real-world environments using cuboids. A RANSAC estimator guided by a neural network fits these primitives to 3D features, such as a depth map. We condition the network on previously detected parts of the scene, thus parsing it one-by-one. To obtain 3D features from a single RGB image, we additionally optimise a feature extraction CNN in an end-to-end manner. However, naively minimising point-to-primitive distances leads to large or spurious cuboids occluding parts of the scene behind. We thus propose an occlusion-aware distance metric correctly handling opaque scenes. The proposed algorithm does not require labour-intensive labels, such as cuboid annotations, for training. Results on the challenging NYU Depth v2 dataset demonstrate that the proposed algorithm successfully abstracts cluttered real-world 3D scene layouts.      
### 17.MCGNet: Partial Multi-view Few-shot Learning via Meta-alignment and Context Gated-aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02046.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new challenging task named as \textbf{partial multi-view few-shot learning}, which unifies two tasks, i.e. few-shot learning and partial multi-view learning, together. Different from the traditional few-shot learning, this task aims to solve the few-shot learning problem given the incomplete multi-view prior knowledge, which conforms more with the real-world applications. However, this brings about two difficulties within this task. First, the gaps among different views can be large and hard to reduce, especially with sample scarcity. Second, due to the incomplete view information, few-shot learning becomes more challenging than the traditional one. To deal with the above issues, we propose a new \textbf{Meta-alignment and Context Gated-aggregation Network} by equipping meta-alignment and context gated-aggregation with partial multi-view GNNs. Specifically, the meta-alignment effectively maps the features from different views into a more compact latent space, thereby reducing the view gaps. Moreover, the context gated-aggregation alleviates the view-missing influence by leveraging the cross-view context. Extensive experiments are conducted on the PIE and ORL dataset for evaluating our proposed method. By comparing with other few-shot learning methods, our method obtains the state-of-the-art performance especially with heavily-missing views.      
### 18.Bayesian Logistic Shape Model Inference: application to cochlea image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02045.pdf)
>  Incorporating shape information is essential for the delineation of many organs and anatomical structures in medical images. While previous work has mainly focused on parametric spatial transformations applied on reference template shapes, in this paper, we address the Bayesian inference of parametric shape models for segmenting medical images with the objective to provide interpretable results. The proposed framework defines a likelihood appearance probability and a prior label probability based on a generic shape function through a logistic function. A reference length parameter defined in the sigmoid controls the trade-off between shape and appearance information. The inference of shape parameters is performed within an Expectation-Maximisation approach where a Gauss-Newton optimization stage allows to provide an approximation of the posterior probability of shape parameters. This framework is applied to the segmentation of cochlea structures from clinical CT images constrained by a 10 parameter shape model. It is evaluated on three different datasets, one of which includes more than 200 patient images. The results show performances comparable to supervised methods and better than previously proposed unsupervised ones. It also enables an analysis of parameter distributions and the quantification of segmentation uncertainty including the effect of the shape model.      
### 19.Towards an efficient framework for Data Extraction from Chart Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02039.pdf)
>  In this paper, we fill the research gap by adopting state-of-the-art computer vision techniques for the data extraction stage in a data mining system. As shown in Fig.1, this stage contains two subtasks, namely, plot element detection and data conversion. For building a robust box detector, we comprehensively compare different deep learning-based methods and find a suitable method to detect box with high precision. For building a robust point detector, a fully convolutional network with feature fusion module is adopted, which can distinguish close points compared to traditional methods. The proposed system can effectively handle various chart data without making heuristic assumptions. For data conversion, we translate the detected element into data with semantic value. A network is proposed to measure feature similarities between legends and detected elements in the legend matching phase. Furthermore, we provide a baseline on the competition of Harvesting raw tables from Infographics. Some key factors have been found to improve the performance of each stage. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed system.      
### 20.Contrastive Learning and Self-Training for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02001.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks have considerably improved state-of-the-art results for semantic segmentation. Nevertheless, even modern architectures lack the ability to generalize well to a test dataset that originates from a different domain. To avoid the costly annotation of training data for unseen domains, unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) attempts to provide efficient knowledge transfer from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. Previous work has mainly focused on minimizing the discrepancy between the two domains by using adversarial training or self-training. While adversarial training may fail to align the correct semantic categories as it minimizes the discrepancy between the global distributions, self-training raises the question of how to provide reliable pseudo-labels. To align the correct semantic categories across domains, we propose a contrastive learning approach that adapts category-wise centroids across domains. Furthermore, we extend our method with self-training, where we use a memory-efficient temporal ensemble to generate consistent and reliable pseudo-labels. Although both contrastive learning and self-training (CLST) through temporal ensembling enable knowledge transfer between two domains, it is their combination that leads to a symbiotic structure. We validate our approach on two domain adaptation benchmarks: GTA5 $\rightarrow$ Cityscapes and SYNTHIA $\rightarrow$ Cityscapes. Our method achieves better or comparable results than the state-of-the-art. We will make the code publicly available.      
### 21.Instance segmentation of fallen trees in aerial color infrared imagery using active multi-contour evolution with fully convolutional network-based intensity priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01998.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a framework for segmenting instances of a common object class by multiple active contour evolution over semantic segmentation maps of images obtained through fully convolutional networks. The contour evolution is cast as an energy minimization problem, where the aggregate energy functional incorporates a data fit term, an explicit shape model, and accounts for object overlap. Efficient solution neighborhood operators are proposed, enabling optimization through metaheuristics such as simulated annealing. We instantiate the proposed framework in the context of segmenting individual fallen stems from high-resolution aerial multispectral imagery. We validated our approach on 3 real-world scenes of varying complexity. The test plots were situated in regions of the Bavarian Forest National Park, Germany, which sustained a heavy bark beetle infestation. Evaluations were performed on both the polygon and line segment level, showing that the multi-contour segmentation can achieve up to 0.93 precision and 0.82 recall. An improvement of up to 7 percentage points (pp) in recall and 6 in precision compared to an iterative sample consensus line segment detection was achieved. Despite the simplicity of the applied shape parametrization, an explicit shape model incorporated into the energy function improved the results by up to 4 pp of recall. Finally, we show the importance of using a deep learning based semantic segmentation method as the basis for individual stem detection. Our method is a step towards increased accessibility of automatic fallen tree mapping, due to higher cost efficiency of aerial imagery acquisition compared to laser scanning. The precise fallen tree maps could be further used as a basis for plant and animal habitat modeling, studies on carbon sequestration as well as soil quality in forest ecosystems.      
### 22.AdaVQA: Overcoming Language Priors with Adapted Margin Cosine Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01993.pdf)
>  A number of studies point out that current Visual Question Answering (VQA) models are severely affected by the language prior problem, which refers to blindly making predictions based on the language shortcut. Some efforts have been devoted to overcoming this issue with delicate models. However, there is no research to address it from the angle of the answer feature space learning, despite of the fact that existing VQA methods all cast VQA as a classification task. Inspired by this, in this work, we attempt to tackle the language prior problem from the viewpoint of the feature space learning. To this end, an adapted margin cosine loss is designed to discriminate the frequent and the sparse answer feature space under each question type properly. As a result, the limited patterns within the language modality are largely reduced, thereby less language priors would be introduced by our method. We apply this loss function to several baseline models and evaluate its effectiveness on two VQA-CP benchmarks. Experimental results demonstrate that our adapted margin cosine loss can greatly enhance the baseline models with an absolute performance gain of 15\% on average, strongly verifying the potential of tackling the language prior problem in VQA from the angle of the answer feature space learning.      
### 23.Multi-scale Image Decomposition using a Local Statistical Edge Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01951.pdf)
>  We present a progressive image decomposition method based on a novel non-linear filter named Sub-window Variance filter. Our method is specifically designed for image detail enhancement purpose; this application requires extraction of image details which are small in terms of both spatial and variation scales. We propose a local statistical edge model which develops its edge awareness using spatially defined image statistics. Our decomposition method is controlled by two intuitive parameters which allow the users to define what image details to suppress or enhance. By using the summed-area table acceleration method, our decomposition pipeline is highly parallel. The proposed filter is gradient preserving and this allows our enhancement results free from the gradient-reversal artefact. In our evaluations, we compare our method in various multi-scale image detail manipulation applications with other mainstream solutions.      
### 24.Towards Self-Supervision for Video Identification of Individual Holstein-Friesian Cattle: The Cows2021 Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01938.pdf)
>  In this paper we publish the largest identity-annotated Holstein-Friesian cattle dataset Cows2021 and a first self-supervision framework for video identification of individual animals. The dataset contains 10,402 RGB images with labels for localisation and identity as well as 301 videos from the same herd. The data shows top-down in-barn imagery, which captures the breed's individually distinctive black and white coat pattern. Motivated by the labelling burden involved in constructing visual cattle identification systems, we propose exploiting the temporal coat pattern appearance across videos as a self-supervision signal for animal identity learning. Using an individual-agnostic cattle detector that yields oriented bounding-boxes, rotation-normalised tracklets of individuals are formed via tracking-by-detection and enriched via augmentations. This produces a `positive' sample set per tracklet, which is paired against a `negative' set sampled from random cattle of other videos. Frame-triplet contrastive learning is then employed to construct a metric latent space. The fitting of a Gaussian Mixture Model to this space yields a cattle identity classifier. Results show an accuracy of Top-1 57.0% and Top-4: 76.9% and an Adjusted Rand Index: 0.53 compared to the ground truth. Whilst supervised training surpasses this benchmark by a large margin, we conclude that self-supervision can nevertheless play a highly effective role in speeding up labelling efforts when initially constructing supervision information. We provide all data and full source code alongside an analysis and evaluation of the system.      
### 25.FLEX: Parameter-free Multi-view 3D Human Motion Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01937.pdf)
>  The increasing availability of video recordings made by multiple cameras has offered new means for mitigating occlusion and depth ambiguities in pose and motion reconstruction methods. Yet, multi-view algorithms strongly depend on camera parameters, in particular, the relative positions among the cameras. Such dependency becomes a hurdle once shifting to dynamic capture in uncontrolled settings. We introduce FLEX (Free muLti-view rEconstruXion), an end-to-end parameter-free multi-view model. FLEX is parameter-free in the sense that it does not require any camera parameters, neither intrinsic nor extrinsic. Our key idea is that the 3D angles between skeletal parts, as well as bone lengths, are invariant to the camera position. Hence, learning 3D rotations and bone lengths rather than locations allows predicting common values for all camera views. Our network takes multiple video streams, learns fused deep features through a novel multi-view fusion layer, and reconstructs a single consistent skeleton with temporally coherent joint rotations. We demonstrate quantitative and qualitative results on the Human3.6M and KTH Multi-view Football II datasets. We compare our model to state-of-the-art methods that are not parameter-free and show that in the absence of camera parameters, we outperform them by a large margin while obtaining comparable results when camera parameters are available. Code, trained models, video demonstration, and additional materials will be available on our project page.      
### 26.QueryInst: Parallelly Supervised Mask Query for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01928.pdf)
>  Recently, query based object detection frameworks achieve comparable performance with previous state-of-the-art object detectors. However, how to fully leverage such frameworks to perform instance segmentation remains an open problem. In this paper, we present QueryInst, a query based instance segmentation method driven by parallel supervision on dynamic mask heads. The key insight of QueryInst is to leverage the intrinsic one-to-one correspondence in object queries across different stages, as well as one-to-one correspondence between mask RoI features and object queries in the same stage. This approach eliminates the explicit multi-stage mask head connection and the proposal distribution inconsistency issues inherent in non-query based multi-stage instance segmentation methods. We conduct extensive experiments on three challenging benchmarks, i.e., COCO, CityScapes, and YouTube-VIS to evaluate the effectiveness of QueryInst in instance segmentation and video instance segmentation (VIS) task. Specifically, using ResNet-101-FPN backbone, QueryInst obtains 48.1 box AP and 42.8 mask AP on COCO test-dev, which is 2 points higher than HTC in terms of both box AP and mask AP, while runs 2.4 times faster. For video instance segmentation, QueryInst achieves the best performance among all online VIS approaches and strikes a decent speed-accuracy trade-off. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hustvl/QueryInst" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 27.Novelty Detection and Analysis of Traffic Scenario Infrastructures in the Latent Space of a Vision Transformer-Based Triplet Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01924.pdf)
>  Detecting unknown and untested scenarios is crucial for scenario-based testing. Scenario-based testing is considered to be a possible approach to validate autonomous vehicles. A traffic scenario consists of multiple components, with infrastructure being one of it. In this work, a method to detect novel traffic scenarios based on their infrastructure images is presented. An autoencoder triplet network provides latent representations for infrastructure images which are used for outlier detection. The triplet training of the network is based on the connectivity graphs of the infrastructure. By using the proposed architecture, expert-knowledge is used to shape the latent space such that it incorporates a pre-defined similarity in the neighborhood relationships of an autoencoder. An ablation study on the architecture is highlighting the importance of the triplet autoencoder combination. The best performing architecture is based on vision transformers, a convolution-free attention-based network. The presented method outperforms other state-of-the-art outlier detection approaches.      
### 28.SeaDronesSee: A Maritime Benchmark for Detecting Humans in Open Water  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01922.pdf)
>  Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) are of crucial importance in search and rescue missions in maritime environments due to their flexible and fast operation capabilities. Modern computer vision algorithms are of great interest in aiding such missions. However, they are dependent on large amounts of real-case training data from UAVs, which is only available for traffic scenarios on land. Moreover, current object detection and tracking data sets only provide limited environmental information or none at all, neglecting a valuable source of information. Therefore, this paper introduces a large-scaled visual object detection and tracking benchmark (SeaDronesSee) aiming to bridge the gap from land-based vision systems to sea-based ones. We collect and annotate over 54,000 frames with 400,000 instances captured from various altitudes and viewing angles ranging from 5 to 260 meters and 0 to 90 degrees while providing the respective meta information for altitude, viewing angle and other meta data. We evaluate multiple state-of-the-art computer vision algorithms on this newly established benchmark serving as baselines. We provide an evaluation server where researchers can upload their prediction and compare their results on a central leaderboard      
### 29.Weakly Supervised Pseudo-Label assisted Learning for ALS Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01919.pdf)
>  Competitive point cloud semantic segmentation results usually rely on a large amount of labeled data. However, data annotation is a time-consuming and labor-intensive task, particularly for three-dimensional point cloud data. Thus, obtaining accurate results with limited ground truth as training data is considerably important. As a simple and effective method, pseudo labels can use information from unlabeled data for training neural networks. In this study, we propose a pseudo-label-assisted point cloud segmentation method with very few sparsely sampled labels that are normally randomly selected for each class. An adaptive thresholding strategy was proposed to generate a pseudo-label based on the prediction probability. Pseudo-label learning is an iterative process, and pseudo labels were updated solely on ground-truth weak labels as the model converged to improve the training efficiency. Experiments using the ISPRS 3D sematic labeling benchmark dataset indicated that our proposed method achieved an equally competitive result compared to that using a full supervision scheme with only up to 2$\unicode{x2030}$ of labeled points from the original training set, with an overall accuracy of 83.7% and an average F1 score of 70.2%.      
### 30.4DComplete: Non-Rigid Motion Estimation Beyond the Observable Surface  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01905.pdf)
>  Tracking non-rigidly deforming scenes using range sensors has numerous applications including computer vision, AR/VR, and robotics. However, due to occlusions and physical limitations of range sensors, existing methods only handle the visible surface, thus causing discontinuities and incompleteness in the motion field. To this end, we introduce 4DComplete, a novel data-driven approach that estimates the non-rigid motion for the unobserved geometry. 4DComplete takes as input a partial shape and motion observation, extracts 4D time-space embedding, and jointly infers the missing geometry and motion field using a sparse fully-convolutional network. For network training, we constructed a large-scale synthetic dataset called DeformingThings4D, which consists of 1972 animation sequences spanning 31 different animals or humanoid categories with dense 4D annotation. Experiments show that 4DComplete 1) reconstructs high-resolution volumetric shape and motion field from a partial observation, 2) learns an entangled 4D feature representation that benefits both shape and motion estimation, 3) yields more accurate and natural deformation than classic non-rigid priors such as As-Rigid-As-Possible (ARAP) deformation, and 4) generalizes well to unseen objects in real-world sequences.      
### 31.RepMLP: Re-parameterizing Convolutions into Fully-connected Layers for Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01883.pdf)
>  We propose RepMLP, a multi-layer-perceptron-style neural network building block for image recognition, which is composed of a series of fully-connected (FC) layers. Compared to convolutional layers, FC layers are more efficient, better at modeling the long-range dependencies and positional patterns, but worse at capturing the local structures, hence usually less favored for image recognition. We propose a structural re-parameterization technique that adds local prior into an FC to make it powerful for image recognition. Specifically, we construct convolutional layers inside a RepMLP during training and merge them into the FC for inference. On CIFAR, a simple pure-MLP model shows performance very close to CNN. By inserting RepMLP in traditional CNN, we improve ResNets by 1.8% accuracy on ImageNet, 2.9% for face recognition, and 2.3% mIoU on Cityscapes with lower FLOPs. Our intriguing findings highlight that combining the global representational capacity and positional perception of FC with the local prior of convolution can improve the performance of neural network with faster speed on both the tasks with translation invariance (e.g., semantic segmentation) and those with aligned images and positional patterns (e.g., face recognition). The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DingXiaoH/RepMLP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.DeepPlastic: A Novel Approach to Detecting Epipelagic Bound Plastic Using Deep Visual Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01882.pdf)
>  The quantification of positively buoyant marine plastic debris is critical to understanding how concentrations of trash from across the world's ocean and identifying high concentration garbage hotspots in dire need of trash removal. Currently, the most common monitoring method to quantify floating plastic requires the use of a manta trawl. Techniques requiring manta trawls (or similar surface collection devices) utilize physical removal of marine plastic debris as the first step and then analyze collected samples as a second step. The need for physical removal before analysis incurs high costs and requires intensive labor preventing scalable deployment of a real-time marine plastic monitoring service across the entirety of Earth's ocean bodies. Without better monitoring and sampling methods, the total impact of plastic pollution on the environment as a whole, and details of impact within specific oceanic regions, will remain unknown. This study presents a highly scalable workflow that utilizes images captured within the epipelagic layer of the ocean as an input. It produces real-time quantification of marine plastic debris for accurate quantification and physical removal. The workflow includes creating and preprocessing a domain-specific dataset, building an object detection model utilizing a deep neural network, and evaluating the model's performance. YOLOv5-S was the best performing model, which operates at a Mean Average Precision (mAP) of 0.851 and an F1-Score of 0.89 while maintaining near-real-time speed.      
### 33.MOS: Towards Scaling Out-of-distribution Detection for Large Semantic Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01879.pdf)
>  Detecting out-of-distribution (OOD) inputs is a central challenge for safely deploying machine learning models in the real world. Existing solutions are mainly driven by small datasets, with low resolution and very few class labels (e.g., CIFAR). As a result, OOD detection for large-scale image classification tasks remains largely unexplored. In this paper, we bridge this critical gap by proposing a group-based OOD detection framework, along with a novel OOD scoring function termed MOS. Our key idea is to decompose the large semantic space into smaller groups with similar concepts, which allows simplifying the decision boundaries between in- vs. out-of-distribution data for effective OOD detection. Our method scales substantially better for high-dimensional class space than previous approaches. We evaluate models trained on ImageNet against four carefully curated OOD datasets, spanning diverse semantics. MOS establishes state-of-the-art performance, reducing the average FPR95 by 14.33% while achieving 6x speedup in inference compared to the previous best method.      
### 34.Function4D: Real-time Human Volumetric Capture from Very Sparse Consumer RGBD Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01859.pdf)
>  Human volumetric capture is a long-standing topic in computer vision and computer graphics. Although high-quality results can be achieved using sophisticated off-line systems, real-time human volumetric capture of complex scenarios, especially using light-weight setups, remains challenging. In this paper, we propose a human volumetric capture method that combines temporal volumetric fusion and deep implicit functions. To achieve high-quality and temporal-continuous reconstruction, we propose dynamic sliding fusion to fuse neighboring depth observations together with topology consistency. Moreover, for detailed and complete surface generation, we propose detail-preserving deep implicit functions for RGBD input which can not only preserve the geometric details on the depth inputs but also generate more plausible texturing results. Results and experiments show that our method outperforms existing methods in terms of view sparsity, generalization capacity, reconstruction quality, and run-time efficiency.      
### 35.PingAn-VCGroup's Solution for ICDAR 2021 Competition on Scientific Literature Parsing Task B: Table Recognition to HTML  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01848.pdf)
>  This paper presents our solution for ICDAR 2021 competition on scientific literature parsing taskB: table recognition to HTML. In our method, we divide the table content recognition task into foursub-tasks: table structure recognition, text line detection, text line recognition, and box assignment.Our table structure recognition algorithm is customized based on MASTER [1], a robust image textrecognition algorithm. PSENet [2] is used to detect each text line in the table image. For text linerecognition, our model is also built on MASTER. Finally, in the box assignment phase, we associatedthe text boxes detected by PSENet with the structure item reconstructed by table structure prediction,and fill the recognized content of the text line into the corresponding item. Our proposed methodachieves a 96.84% TEDS score on 9,115 validation samples in the development phase, and a 96.32%TEDS score on 9,064 samples in the final evaluation phase.      
### 36.PingAn-VCGroup's Solution for ICDAR 2021 Competition on Scientific Table Image Recognition to Latex  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01846.pdf)
>  This paper presents our solution for the ICDAR 2021 Competition on Scientific Table Image Recognition to LaTeX. This competition has two sub-tasks: Table Structure Reconstruction (TSR) and Table Content Reconstruction (TCR). We treat both sub-tasks as two individual image-to-sequence recognition problems. We leverage our previously proposed algorithm MASTER \cite{lu2019master}, which is originally proposed for scene text recognition. We optimize the MASTER model from several perspectives: network structure, optimizer, normalization method, pre-trained model, resolution of input image, data augmentation, and model ensemble. Our method achieves 0.7444 Exact Match and 0.8765 Exact Match @95\% on the TSR task, and obtains 0.5586 Exact Match and 0.7386 Exact Match 95\% on the TCR task.      
### 37.Encoder Fusion Network with Co-Attention Embedding for Referring Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01839.pdf)
>  Recently, referring image segmentation has aroused widespread interest. Previous methods perform the multi-modal fusion between language and vision at the decoding side of the network. And, linguistic feature interacts with visual feature of each scale separately, which ignores the continuous guidance of language to multi-scale visual features. In this work, we propose an encoder fusion network (EFN), which transforms the visual encoder into a multi-modal feature learning network, and uses language to refine the multi-modal features progressively. Moreover, a co-attention mechanism is embedded in the EFN to realize the parallel update of multi-modal features, which can promote the consistent of the cross-modal information representation in the semantic space. Finally, we propose a boundary enhancement module (BEM) to make the network pay more attention to the fine structure. The experiment results on four benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed approach achieves the state-of-the-art performance under different evaluation metrics without any post-processing.      
### 38.TransHash: Transformer-based Hamming Hashing for Efficient Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01823.pdf)
>  Deep hamming hashing has gained growing popularity in approximate nearest neighbour search for large-scale image retrieval. Until now, the deep hashing for the image retrieval community has been dominated by convolutional neural network architectures, e.g. \texttt{Resnet}\cite{he2016deep}. In this paper, inspired by the recent advancements of vision transformers, we present \textbf{Transhash}, a pure transformer-based framework for deep hashing learning. Concretely, our framework is composed of two major modules: (1) Based on \textit{Vision Transformer} (ViT), we design a siamese vision transformer backbone for image feature extraction. To learn fine-grained features, we innovate a dual-stream feature learning on top of the transformer to learn discriminative global and local features. (2) Besides, we adopt a Bayesian learning scheme with a dynamically constructed similarity matrix to learn compact binary hash codes. The entire framework is jointly trained in an end-to-end manner.~To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to tackle deep hashing learning problems without convolutional neural networks (\textit{CNNs}). We perform comprehensive experiments on three widely-studied datasets: \textbf{CIFAR-10}, \textbf{NUSWIDE} and \textbf{IMAGENET}. The experiments have evidenced our superiority against the existing state-of-the-art deep hashing methods. Specifically, we achieve 8.2\%, 2.6\%, 12.7\% performance gains in terms of average \textit{mAP} for different hash bit lengths on three public datasets, respectively.      
### 39.Real-time Face Mask Detection in Video Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01816.pdf)
>  In response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we present a robust deep learning pipeline that is capable of identifying correct and incorrect mask-wearing from real-time video streams. To accomplish this goal, we devised two separate approaches and evaluated their performance and run-time efficiency. The first approach leverages a pre-trained face detector in combination with a mask-wearing image classifier trained on a large-scale synthetic dataset. The second approach utilizes a state-of-the-art object detection network to perform localization and classification of faces in one shot, fine-tuned on a small set of labeled real-world images. The first pipeline achieved a test accuracy of 99.97% on the synthetic dataset and maintained 6 FPS running on video data. The second pipeline achieved a mAP(0.5) of 89% on real-world images while sustaining 52 FPS on video data. We have concluded that if a larger dataset with bounding-box labels can be curated, this task is best suited using object detection architectures such as YOLO and SSD due to their superior inference speed and satisfactory performance on key evaluation metrics.      
### 40.Real-time Deep Dynamic Characters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01794.pdf)
>  We propose a deep videorealistic 3D human character model displaying highly realistic shape, motion, and dynamic appearance learned in a new weakly supervised way from multi-view imagery. In contrast to previous work, our controllable 3D character displays dynamics, e.g., the swing of the skirt, dependent on skeletal body motion in an efficient data-driven way, without requiring complex physics simulation. Our character model also features a learned dynamic texture model that accounts for photo-realistic motion-dependent appearance details, as well as view-dependent lighting effects. During training, we do not need to resort to difficult dynamic 3D capture of the human; instead we can train our model entirely from multi-view video in a weakly supervised manner. To this end, we propose a parametric and differentiable character representation which allows us to model coarse and fine dynamic deformations, e.g., garment wrinkles, as explicit space-time coherent mesh geometry that is augmented with high-quality dynamic textures dependent on motion and view point. As input to the model, only an arbitrary 3D skeleton motion is required, making it directly compatible with the established 3D animation pipeline. We use a novel graph convolutional network architecture to enable motion-dependent deformation learning of body and clothing, including dynamics, and a neural generative dynamic texture model creates corresponding dynamic texture maps. We show that by merely providing new skeletal motions, our model creates motion-dependent surface deformations, physically plausible dynamic clothing deformations, as well as video-realistic surface textures at a much higher level of detail than previous state of the art approaches, and even in real-time.      
### 41.Intensity Harmonization for Airborne LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01793.pdf)
>  Constructing a point cloud for a large geographic region, such as a state or country, can require multiple years of effort. Often several vendors will be used to acquire LiDAR data, and a single region may be captured by multiple LiDAR scans. A key challenge is maintaining consistency between these scans, which includes point density, number of returns, and intensity. Intensity in particular can be very different between scans, even in areas that are overlapping. Harmonizing the intensity between scans to remove these discrepancies is expensive and time consuming. In this paper, we propose a novel method for point cloud harmonization based on deep neural networks. We evaluate our method quantitatively and qualitatively using a high quality real world LiDAR dataset. We compare our method to several baselines, including standard interpolation methods as well as histogram matching. We show that our method performs as well as the best baseline in areas with similar intensity distributions, and outperforms all baselines in areas with different intensity distributions. Source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mvrl/lidar-harmonization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 42.Texture for Colors: Natural Representations of Colors Using Variable Bit-Depth Textures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01768.pdf)
>  Numerous methods have been proposed to transform color and grayscale images to their single bit-per-pixel binary counterparts. Commonly, the goal is to enhance specific attributes of the original image to make it more amenable for analysis. However, when the resulting binarized image is intended for human viewing, aesthetics must also be considered. Binarization techniques, such as half-toning, stippling, and hatching, have been widely used for modeling the original image's intensity profile. We present an automated method to transform an image to a set of binary textures that represent not only the intensities, but also the colors of the original. The foundation of our method is information preservation: creating a set of textures that allows for the reconstruction of the original image's colors solely from the binarized representation. We present techniques to ensure that the textures created are not visually distracting, preserve the intensity profile of the images, and are natural in that they map sets of colors that are perceptually similar to patterns that are similar. The approach uses deep-neural networks and is entirely self-supervised; no examples of good vs. bad binarizations are required. The system yields aesthetically pleasing binary images when tested on a variety of image sources.      
### 43.3D Vehicle Detection Using Camera and Low-Resolution LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01765.pdf)
>  Nowadays, Light Detection And Ranging (LiDAR) has been widely used in autonomous vehicles for perception and localization. However, the cost of a high-resolution LiDAR is still prohibitively expensive, while its low-resolution counterpart is much more affordable. Therefore, using low-resolution LiDAR for autonomous driving perception tasks instead of high-resolution LiDAR is an economically feasible solution. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for 3D object detection in Bird-Eye View (BEV) using a low-resolution LiDAR and a monocular camera. Taking the low-resolution LiDAR point cloud and the monocular image as input, our depth completion network is able to produce dense point cloud that is subsequently processed by a voxel-based network for 3D object detection. Evaluated with KITTI dataset, the experimental results shows that the proposed approach performs significantly better than directly applying the 16-line LiDAR point cloud for object detection. For both easy and moderate cases, our detection results are comparable to those from 64-line high-resolution LiDAR. The network architecture and performance evaluations are analyzed in detail.      
### 44.GANs for Urban Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01727.pdf)
>  Development and diffusion of machine learning and big data tools provide a new tool for architects and urban planners that could be used as analytical or design instruments. The topic investigated in this paper is the application of Generative Adversarial Networks to the design of an urban block. The research presents a flexible model able to adapt to the morphological characteristics of a city. This method does not define explicitly any of the parameters of an urban block typical for a city, the algorithm learns them from the existing urban context. This approach has been applied to the cities with different morphology: Milan, Amsterdam, Tallinn, Turin, and Bengaluru in order to see the performance of the model and the possibility of style translation between different cities. The data are gathered from Openstreetmap and Open Data portals of the cities. This research presents the results of the experiments and their quantitative and qualitative evaluation.      
### 45.A Fast Partial Video Copy Detection Using KNN and Global Feature Database  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01713.pdf)
>  We propose a fast partial video copy detection framework in this paper. In this framework all frame features of the reference videos are organized in a KNN searchable database. Instead of scanning all reference videos, the query video segment does a fast KNN search in the global feature database. The returned results are used to generate a short list of candidate videos. A modified temporal network is then used to localize the copy segment in the candidate videos. We evaluate different choice of CNN features on the VCDB dataset. Our benchmark F1 score exceeds the state of the art by a big margin.      
### 46.Effectively Leveraging Attributes for Visual Similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01695.pdf)
>  Measuring similarity between two images often requires performing complex reasoning along different axes (e.g., color, texture, or shape). Insights into what might be important for measuring similarity can can be provided by annotated attributes, but prior work tends to view these annotations as complete, resulting in them using a simplistic approach of predicting attributes on single images, which are, in turn, used to measure similarity. However, it is impractical for a dataset to fully annotate every attribute that may be important. Thus, only representing images based on these incomplete annotations may miss out on key information. To address this issue, we propose the Pairwise Attribute-informed similarity Network (PAN), which breaks similarity learning into capturing similarity conditions and relevance scores from a joint representation of two images. This enables our model to identify that two images contain the same attribute, but can have it deemed irrelevant (e.g., due to fine-grained differences between them) and ignored for measuring similarity between the two images. Notably, while prior methods of using attribute annotations are often unable to outperform prior art, PAN obtains a 4-9% improvement on compatibility prediction between clothing items on Polyvore Outfits, a 5\% gain on few shot classification of images using Caltech-UCSD Birds (CUB), and over 1% boost to Recall@1 on In-Shop Clothes Retrieval.      
### 47.Height Estimation of Children under Five Years using Depth Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01688.pdf)
>  Malnutrition is a global health crisis and is the leading cause of death among children under five. Detecting malnutrition requires anthropometric measurements of weight, height, and middle-upper arm circumference. However, measuring them accurately is a challenge, especially in the global south, due to limited resources. In this work, we propose a CNN-based approach to estimate the height of standing children under five years from depth images collected using a smart-phone. According to the SMART Methodology Manual [5], the acceptable accuracy for height is less than 1.4 cm. On training our deep learning model on 87131 depth images, our model achieved an average mean absolute error of 1.64% on 57064 test images. For 70.3% test images, we estimated height accurately within the acceptable 1.4 cm range. Thus, our proposed solution can accurately detect stunting (low height-for-age) in standing children below five years of age.      
### 48.Rethinking Ultrasound Augmentation: A Physics-Inspired Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02188.pdf)
>  Medical Ultrasound (US), despite its wide use, is characterized by artifacts and operator dependency. Those attributes hinder the gathering and utilization of US datasets for the training of Deep Neural Networks used for Computer-Assisted Intervention Systems. Data augmentation is commonly used to enhance model generalization and performance. However, common data augmentation techniques, such as affine transformations do not align with the physics of US and, when used carelessly can lead to unrealistic US images. To this end, we propose a set of physics-inspired transformations, including deformation, reverb and Signal-to-Noise Ratio, that we apply on US B-mode images for data augmentation. We evaluate our method on a new spine US dataset for the tasks of bone segmentation and classification.      
### 49.Real-time Multi-Adaptive-Resolution-Surfel 6D LiDAR Odometry using Continuous-time Trajectory Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02010.pdf)
>  Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) is an essential capability for autonomous robots, but due to high data rates of 3D LiDARs real-time SLAM is challenging. We propose a real-time method for 6D LiDAR odometry. Our approach combines a continuous-time B-Spline trajectory representation with a Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) formulation to jointly align local multi-resolution surfel maps. Sparse voxel grids and permutohedral lattices ensure fast access to map surfels, and an adaptive resolution selection scheme effectively speeds up registration. A thorough experimental evaluation shows the performance of our approach on two datasets and during real-robot experiments.      
### 50.Perceptual Gradient Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01957.pdf)
>  Many applications of deep learning for image generation use perceptual losses for either training or fine-tuning of the generator networks. The use of perceptual loss however incurs repeated forward-backward passes in a large image classification network as well as a considerable memory overhead required to store the activations of this network. It is therefore desirable or sometimes even critical to get rid of these overheads. <br>In this work, we propose a way to train generator networks using approximations of perceptual loss that are computed without forward-backward passes. Instead, we use a simpler perceptual gradient network that directly synthesizes the gradient field of a perceptual loss. We introduce the concept of proxy targets, which stabilize the predicted gradient, meaning that learning with it does not lead to divergence or oscillations. In addition, our method allows interpretation of the predicted gradient, providing insight into the internals of perceptual loss and suggesting potential ways to improve it in future work.      
### 51.Continual Learning on the Edge with TensorFlow Lite  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01946.pdf)
>  Deploying sophisticated deep learning models on embedded devices with the purpose of solving real-world problems is a struggle using today's technology. Privacy and data limitations, network connection issues, and the need for fast model adaptation are some of the challenges that constitute today's approaches unfit for many applications on the edge and make real-time on-device training a necessity. Google is currently working on tackling these challenges by embedding an experimental transfer learning API to their TensorFlow Lite, machine learning library. In this paper, we show that although transfer learning is a good first step for on-device model training, it suffers from catastrophic forgetting when faced with more realistic scenarios. We present this issue by testing a simple transfer learning model on the CORe50 benchmark as well as by demonstrating its limitations directly on an Android application we developed. In addition, we expand the TensorFlow Lite library to include continual learning capabilities, by integrating a simple replay approach into the head of the current transfer learning model. We test our continual learning model on the CORe50 benchmark to show that it tackles catastrophic forgetting, and we demonstrate its ability to continually learn, even under non-ideal conditions, using the application we developed. Finally, we open-source the code of our Android application to enable developers to integrate continual learning to their own smartphone applications, as well as to facilitate further development of continual learning functionality into the TensorFlow Lite environment.      
### 52.MiCE: Mixture of Contrastive Experts for Unsupervised Image Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01899.pdf)
>  We present Mixture of Contrastive Experts (MiCE), a unified probabilistic clustering framework that simultaneously exploits the discriminative representations learned by contrastive learning and the semantic structures captured by a latent mixture model. Motivated by the mixture of experts, MiCE employs a gating function to partition an unlabeled dataset into subsets according to the latent semantics and multiple experts to discriminate distinct subsets of instances assigned to them in a contrastive learning manner. To solve the nontrivial inference and learning problems caused by the latent variables, we further develop a scalable variant of the Expectation-Maximization (EM) algorithm for MiCE and provide proof of the convergence. Empirically, we evaluate the clustering performance of MiCE on four widely adopted natural image datasets. MiCE achieves significantly better results than various previous methods and a strong contrastive learning baseline.      
### 53.Joint Registration and Segmentation via Multi-Task Learning for Adaptive Radiotherapy of Prostate Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01844.pdf)
>  Medical image registration and segmentation are two of the most frequent tasks in medical image analysis. As these tasks are complementary and correlated, it would be beneficial to apply them simultaneously in a joint manner. In this paper, we formulate registration and segmentation as a joint problem via a Multi-Task Learning (MTL) setting, allowing these tasks to leverage their strengths and mitigate their weaknesses through the sharing of beneficial information. We propose to merge these tasks not only on the loss level, but on the architectural level as well. We studied this approach in the context of adaptive image-guided radiotherapy for prostate cancer, where planning and follow-up CT images as well as their corresponding contours are available for training. The study involves two datasets from different manufacturers and institutes. The first dataset was divided into training (12 patients) and validation (6 patients), and was used to optimize and validate the methodology, while the second dataset (14 patients) was used as an independent test set. We carried out an extensive quantitative comparison between the quality of the automatically generated contours from different network architectures as well as loss weighting methods. Moreover, we evaluated the quality of the generated deformation vector field (DVF). We show that MTL algorithms outperform their Single-Task Learning (STL) counterparts and achieve better generalization on the independent test set. The best algorithm achieved a mean surface distance of $1.06 \pm 0.3$ mm, $1.27 \pm 0.4$ mm, $0.91 \pm 0.4$ mm, and $1.76 \pm 0.8$ mm on the validation set for the prostate, seminal vesicles, bladder, and rectum, respectively. The high accuracy of the proposed method combined with the fast inference speed, makes it a promising method for automatic re-contouring of follow-up scans for adaptive radiotherapy.      
### 54.CUAB: Convolutional Uncertainty Attention Block Enhanced the Chest X-ray Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01840.pdf)
>  In recent years, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successfully implemented to various image recognition applications, such as medical image analysis, object detection, and image segmentation. Many studies and applications have been working on improving the performance of CNN algorithms and models. The strategies that aim to improve the performance of CNNs can be grouped into three major approaches: (1) deeper and wider network architecture, (2) automatic architecture search, and (3) convolutional attention block. Unlike approaches (1) and (2), the convolutional attention block approach is more flexible with lower cost. It enhances the CNN performance by extracting more efficient features. However, the existing attention blocks focus on enhancing the significant features, which lose some potential features in the uncertainty information. Inspired by the test time augmentation and test-time dropout approaches, we developed a novel convolutional uncertainty attention block (CUAB) that can leverage the uncertainty information to improve CNN-based models. The proposed module discovers potential information from the uncertain regions on feature maps in computer vision tasks. It is a flexible functional attention block that can be applied to any position in the convolutional block in CNN models. We evaluated the CUAB with notable backbone models, ResNet and ResNeXt, on a medical image segmentation task. The CUAB achieved a dice score of 73% and 84% in pneumonia and pneumothorax segmentation, respectively, thereby outperforming the original model and other notable attention approaches. The results demonstrated that the CUAB can efficiently utilize the uncertainty information to improve the model performance.      
### 55.Curvatures of Stiefel manifolds with deformation metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01834.pdf)
>  We compute curvatures of a family of tractable metrics on Stiefel manifolds, introduced recently by H{}per, Markina and Silva Leite, which includes the well-known embedded and canonical metrics on Stiefel manifolds as special cases. The metrics could be identified with the Cheeger deformation metrics. We identify parameter values in the family to make a Stiefel manifold an Einstein manifold and show Stiefel manifolds always carry an Einstein metric. We analyze the sectional curvature range and identify the parameter range where the manifold has non-negative sectional curvature. We provide the exact sectional curvature range when the number of columns in a Stiefel matrix is $2$, and a conjectural range for other cases. We derive the formulas from two approaches, one from a global curvature formula derived in our recent work, another using curvature formulas for left-invariant metrics. The second approach leads to curvature formulas for Cheeger deformation metrics on normal homogeneous spaces.      
### 56.Lesion Segmentation and RECIST Diameter Prediction via Click-driven Attention and Dual-path Connection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01828.pdf)
>  Measuring lesion size is an important step to assess tumor growth and monitor disease progression and therapy response in oncology image analysis. Although it is tedious and highly time-consuming, radiologists have to work on this task by using RECIST criteria (Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors) routinely and manually. Even though lesion segmentation may be the more accurate and clinically more valuable means, physicians can not manually segment lesions as now since much more heavy laboring will be required. In this paper, we present a prior-guided dual-path network (PDNet) to segment common types of lesions throughout the whole body and predict their RECIST diameters accurately and automatically. Similar to [1], a click guidance from radiologists is the only requirement. There are two key characteristics in PDNet: 1) Learning lesion-specific attention matrices in parallel from the click prior information by the proposed prior encoder, named click-driven attention; 2) Aggregating the extracted multi-scale features comprehensively by introducing top-down and bottom-up connections in the proposed decoder, named dual-path connection. Experiments show the superiority of our proposed PDNet in lesion segmentation and RECIST diameter prediction using the DeepLesion dataset and an external test set. PDNet learns comprehensive and representative deep image features for our tasks and produces more accurate results on both lesion segmentation and RECIST diameter prediction.      
### 57.DeepRT: A Soft Real Time Scheduler for Computer Vision Applications on the Edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01803.pdf)
>  The ubiquity of smartphone cameras and IoT cameras, together with the recent boom of deep learning and deep neural networks, proliferate various computer vision driven mobile and IoT applications deployed on the edge. This paper focuses on applications which make soft real time requests to perform inference on their data - they desire prompt responses within designated deadlines, but occasional deadline misses are acceptable. Supporting soft real time applications on a multi-tenant edge server is not easy, since the requests sharing the limited GPU computing resources of an edge server interfere with each other. In order to tackle this problem, we comprehensively evaluate how latency and throughput respond to different GPU execution plans. Based on this analysis, we propose a GPU scheduler, DeepRT, which provides latency guarantee to the requests while maintaining high overall system throughput. The key component of DeepRT, DisBatcher, batches data from different requests as much as possible while it is proven to provide latency guarantee for requests admitted by an Admission Control Module. DeepRT also includes an Adaptation Module which tackles overruns. Our evaluation results show that DeepRT outperforms state-of-the-art works in terms of the number of deadline misses and throughput.      
### 58.Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) Powered Fast Magnetic Resonance Imaging -- Mini Review, Comparison and Perspectives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01800.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is a vital component of medical imaging. When compared to other image modalities, it has advantages such as the absence of radiation, superior soft tissue contrast, and complementary multiple sequence information. However, one drawback of MRI is its comparatively slow scanning and reconstruction compared to other image modalities, limiting its usage in some clinical applications when imaging time is critical. Traditional compressive sensing based MRI (CS-MRI) reconstruction can speed up MRI acquisition, but suffers from a long iterative process and noise-induced artefacts. Recently, Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have been used in sparse MRI reconstruction models to recreate relatively high-quality images from heavily undersampled k-space data, allowing for much faster MRI scanning. However, there are still some hurdles to tackle. For example, directly training DNNs based on L1/L2 distance to the target fully sampled images could result in blurry reconstruction because L1/L2 loss can only enforce overall image or patch similarity and does not take into account local information such as anatomical sharpness. It is also hard to preserve fine image details while maintaining a natural appearance. More recently, Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) based methods are proposed to solve fast MRI with enhanced image perceptual quality. The encoder obtains a latent space for the undersampling image, and the image is reconstructed by the decoder using the GAN loss. In this chapter, we review the GAN powered fast MRI methods with a comparative study on various anatomical datasets to demonstrate the generalisability and robustness of this kind of fast MRI while providing future perspectives.      
### 59.Surveilling Surveillance: Estimating the Prevalence of Surveillance Cameras with Street View Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01764.pdf)
>  The use of video surveillance in public spaces -- both by government agencies and by private citizens -- has attracted considerable attention in recent years, particularly in light of rapid advances in face-recognition technology. But it has been difficult to systematically measure the prevalence and placement of cameras, hampering efforts to assess the implications of surveillance on privacy and public safety. Here we present a novel approach for estimating the spatial distribution of surveillance cameras: applying computer vision algorithms to large-scale street view image data. Specifically, we build a camera detection model and apply it to 1.6 million street view images sampled from 10 large U.S. cities and 6 other major cities around the world, with positive model detections verified by human experts. After adjusting for the estimated recall of our model, and accounting for the spatial coverage of our sampled images, we are able to estimate the density of surveillance cameras visible from the road. Across the 16 cities we consider, the estimated number of surveillance cameras per linear kilometer ranges from 0.1 (in Seattle) to 0.9 (in Seoul). In a detailed analysis of the 10 U.S. cities, we find that cameras are concentrated in commercial, industrial, and mixed zones, and in neighborhoods with higher shares of non-white residents -- a pattern that persists even after adjusting for land use. These results help inform ongoing discussions on the use of surveillance technology, including its potential disparate impacts on communities of color.      
### 60.COVID-19 Detection from Chest X-ray Images using Imprinted Weights Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01710.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic has had devastating effects on the well-being of the global population. The pandemic has been so prominent partly due to the high infection rate of the virus and its variants. In response, one of the most effective ways to stop infection is rapid diagnosis. The main-stream screening method, reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), is time-consuming, laborious and in short supply. Chest radiography is an alternative screening method for the COVID-19 and computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) has proven to be a viable solution at low cost and with fast speed; however, one of the challenges in training the CAD models is the limited number of training data, especially at the onset of the pandemic. This becomes outstanding precisely when the quick and cheap type of diagnosis is critically needed for flattening the infection curve. To address this challenge, we propose the use of a low-shot learning approach named imprinted weights, taking advantage of the abundance of samples from known illnesses such as pneumonia to improve the detection performance on COVID-19.      
### 61.Attention-based Stylisation for Exemplar Image Colourisation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.01705.pdf)
>  Exemplar-based colourisation aims to add plausible colours to a grayscale image using the guidance of a colour reference image. Most of the existing methods tackle the task as a style transfer problem, using a convolutional neural network (CNN) to obtain deep representations of the content of both inputs. Stylised outputs are then obtained by computing similarities between both feature representations in order to transfer the style of the reference to the content of the target input. However, in order to gain robustness towards dissimilar references, the stylised outputs need to be refined with a second colourisation network, which significantly increases the overall system complexity. This work reformulates the existing methodology introducing a novel end-to-end colourisation network that unifies the feature matching with the colourisation process. The proposed architecture integrates attention modules at different resolutions that learn how to perform the style transfer task in an unsupervised way towards decoding realistic colour predictions. Moreover, axial attention is proposed to simplify the attention operations and to obtain a fast but robust cost-effective architecture. Experimental validations demonstrate efficiency of the proposed methodology which generates high quality and visual appealing colourisation. Furthermore, the complexity of the proposed methodology is reduced compared to the state-of-the-art methods.      
