# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 10 May 2021
### 1.ResMLP: Feedforward networks for image classification with data-efficient training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03404.pdf)
>  We present ResMLP, an architecture built entirely upon multi-layer perceptrons for image classification. It is a simple residual network that alternates (i) a linear layer in which image patches interact, independently and identically across channels, and (ii) a two-layer feed-forward network in which channels interact independently per patch. When trained with a modern training strategy using heavy data-augmentation and optionally distillation, it attains surprisingly good accuracy/complexity trade-offs on ImageNet. We will share our code based on the Timm library and pre-trained models.      
### 2.Foreground-guided Facial Inpainting with Fidelity Preservation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03342.pdf)
>  Facial image inpainting, with high-fidelity preservation for image realism, is a very challenging task. This is due to the subtle texture in key facial features (component) that are not easily transferable. Many image inpainting techniques have been proposed with outstanding capabilities and high quantitative performances recorded. However, with facial inpainting, the features are more conspicuous and the visual quality of the blended inpainted regions are more important qualitatively. Based on these facts, we design a foreground-guided facial inpainting framework that can extract and generate facial features using convolutional neural network layers. It introduces the use of foreground segmentation masks to preserve the fidelity. Specifically, we propose a new loss function with semantic capability reasoning of facial expressions, natural and unnatural features (make-up). We conduct our experiments using the CelebA-HQ dataset, segmentation masks from CelebAMask-HQ (for foreground guidance) and Quick Draw Mask (for missing regions). Our proposed method achieved comparable quantitative results when compare to the state of the art but qualitatively, it demonstrated high-fidelity preservation of facial components.      
### 3.Exploring Instance Relations for Unsupervised Feature Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03341.pdf)
>  Despite the great progress achieved in unsupervised feature embedding, existing contrastive learning methods typically pursue view-invariant representations through attracting positive sample pairs and repelling negative sample pairs in the embedding space, while neglecting to systematically explore instance relations. In this paper, we explore instance relations including intra-instance multi-view relation and inter-instance interpolation relation for unsupervised feature embedding. Specifically, we embed intra-instance multi-view relation by aligning the distribution of the distance between an instance's different augmented samples and negative samples. We explore inter-instance interpolation relation by transferring the ratio of information for image sample interpolation from pixel space to feature embedding space. The proposed approach, referred to as EIR, is simple-yet-effective and can be easily inserted into existing view-invariant contrastive learning based methods. Experiments conducted on public benchmarks for image classification and retrieval report state-of-the-art or comparable performance.      
### 4.Towards Real-World Category-level Articulation Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03260.pdf)
>  Human life is populated with articulated objects. Current Category-level Articulation Pose Estimation (CAPE) methods are studied under the single-instance setting with a fixed kinematic structure for each category. Considering these limitations, we reform this problem setting for real-world environments and suggest a CAPE-Real (CAPER) task setting. This setting allows varied kinematic structures within a semantic category, and multiple instances to co-exist in an observation of real world. To support this task, we build an articulated model repository ReArt-48 and present an efficient dataset generation pipeline, which contains Fast Articulated Object Modeling (FAOM) and Semi-Authentic MixEd Reality Technique (SAMERT). Accompanying the pipeline, we build a large-scale mixed reality dataset ReArtMix and a real world dataset ReArtVal. We also propose an effective framework ReArtNOCS that exploits RGB-D input to estimate part-level pose for multiple instances in a single forward pass. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed ReArtNOCS can achieve good performance on both CAPER and CAPE settings. We believe it could serve as a strong baseline for future research on the CAPER task.      
### 5.MOTR: End-to-End Multiple-Object Tracking with TRansformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03247.pdf)
>  The key challenge in multiple-object tracking (MOT) task is temporal modeling of the object under track. Existing tracking-by-detection methods adopt simple heuristics, such as spatial or appearance similarity. Such methods, in spite of their commonality, are overly simple and insufficient to model complex variations, such as tracking through occlusion. Inherently, existing methods lack the ability to learn temporal variations from data. In this paper, we present MOTR, the first fully end-to-end multiple-object tracking framework. It learns to model the long-range temporal variation of the objects. It performs temporal association implicitly and avoids previous explicit heuristics. Built on Transformer and DETR, MOTR introduces the concept of "track query". Each track query models the entire track of an object. It is transferred and updated frame-by-frame to perform object detection and tracking, in a seamless manner. Temporal aggregation network combined with multi-frame training is proposed to model the long-range temporal relation. Experimental results show that MOTR achieves state-of-the-art performance. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/megvii-model/MOTR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Adaptive Focus for Efficient Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03245.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore the spatial redundancy in video recognition with the aim to improve the computational efficiency. It is observed that the most informative region in each frame of a video is usually a small image patch, which shifts smoothly across frames. Therefore, we model the patch localization problem as a sequential decision task, and propose a reinforcement learning based approach for efficient spatially adaptive video recognition (AdaFocus). In specific, a light-weighted ConvNet is first adopted to quickly process the full video sequence, whose features are used by a recurrent policy network to localize the most task-relevant regions. Then the selected patches are inferred by a high-capacity network for the final prediction. During offline inference, once the informative patch sequence has been generated, the bulk of computation can be done in parallel, and is efficient on modern GPU devices. In addition, we demonstrate that the proposed method can be easily extended by further considering the temporal redundancy, e.g., dynamically skipping less valuable frames. Extensive experiments on five benchmark datasets, i.e., ActivityNet, FCVID, Mini-Kinetics, Something-Something V1&amp;V2, demonstrate that our method is significantly more efficient than the competitive baselines. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/blackfeather-wang/AdaFocus" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Mini-batch graphs for robust image classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03237.pdf)
>  Current deep learning models for classification tasks in computer vision are trained using mini-batches. In the present article, we take advantage of the relationships between samples in a mini-batch, using graph neural networks to aggregate information from similar images. This helps mitigate the adverse effects of alterations to the input images on classification performance. Diverse experiments on image-based object and scene classification show that this approach not only improves a classifier's performance but also increases its robustness to image perturbations and adversarial attacks. Further, we also show that mini-batch graph neural networks can help to alleviate the problem of mode collapse in Generative Adversarial Networks.      
### 8.Towards Accurate Text-based Image Captioning with Content Diversity Exploration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03236.pdf)
>  Text-based image captioning (TextCap) which aims to read and reason images with texts is crucial for a machine to understand a detailed and complex scene environment, considering that texts are omnipresent in daily life. This task, however, is very challenging because an image often contains complex texts and visual information that is hard to be described comprehensively. Existing methods attempt to extend the traditional image captioning methods to solve this task, which focus on describing the overall scene of images by one global caption. This is infeasible because the complex text and visual information cannot be described well within one caption. To resolve this difficulty, we seek to generate multiple captions that accurately describe different parts of an image in detail. To achieve this purpose, there are three key challenges: 1) it is hard to decide which parts of the texts of images to copy or paraphrase; 2) it is non-trivial to capture the complex relationship between diverse texts in an image; 3) how to generate multiple captions with diverse content is still an open problem. To conquer these, we propose a novel Anchor-Captioner method. Specifically, we first find the important tokens which are supposed to be paid more attention to and consider them as anchors. Then, for each chosen anchor, we group its relevant texts to construct the corresponding anchor-centred graph (ACG). Last, based on different ACGs, we conduct multi-view caption generation to improve the content diversity of generated captions. Experimental results show that our method not only achieves SOTA performance but also generates diverse captions to describe images.      
### 9.Favelas 4D: Scalable methods for morphology analysis of informal settlements using terrestrial laser scanning data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03235.pdf)
>  One billion people live in informal settlements worldwide. The complex and multilayered spaces that characterize this unplanned form of urbanization pose a challenge to traditional approaches to mapping and morphological analysis. This study proposes a methodology to study the morphological properties of informal settlements based on terrestrial LiDAR (Light Detection and Ranging) data collected in Rocinha, the largest favela in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Our analysis operates at two resolutions, including a \emph{global} analysis focused on comparing different streets of the favela to one another, and a \emph{local} analysis unpacking the variation of morphological metrics within streets. We show that our methodology reveals meaningful differences and commonalities both in terms of the global morphological characteristics across streets and their local distributions. Finally, we create morphological maps at high spatial resolution from LiDAR data, which can inform urban planning assessments of concerns related to crowding, structural safety, air quality, and accessibility in the favela. The methods for this study are automated and can be easily scaled to analyze entire informal settlements, leveraging the increasing availability of inexpensive LiDAR scanners on portable devices such as cellphones.      
### 10.Regression on Deep Visual Features using Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) to Predict Hydraulic Blockage at Culverts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03233.pdf)
>  Cross drainage hydraulic structures (i.e., culverts, bridges) in urban landscapes are prone to getting blocked by transported debris which often results in causing the flash floods. In context of Australia, Wollongong City Council (WCC) blockage conduit policy is the only formal guideline to consider blockage in design process. However, many argue that this policy is based on the post floods visual inspections and hence can not be considered accurate representation of hydraulic blockage. As a result of this on-going debate, visual blockage and hydraulic blockage are considered two distinct terms with no established quantifiable relation among both. This paper attempts to relate both terms by proposing the use of deep visual features for prediction of hydraulic blockage at a given culvert. An end-to-end machine learning pipeline is propounded which takes an image of culvert as input, extract visual features using deep learning models, pre-process the visual features and feed into regression model to predict the corresponding hydraulic blockage. Dataset (i.e., Hydrology-Lab Dataset (HD), Visual Hydrology-Lab Dataset (VHD)) used in this research was collected from in-lab experiments carried out using scaled physical models of culverts where multiple blockage scenarios were replicated at scale. Performance of regression models was assessed using standard evaluation metrics. Furthermore, performance of overall machine learning pipeline was assessed in terms of processing times for relative comparison of models and hardware requirement analysis. From the results ANN used with MobileNet extracted visual features achieved the best regression performance with $R^{2}$ score of 0.7855. Positive value of $R^{2}$ score indicated the presence of correlation between visual features and hydraulic blockage and suggested that both can be interrelated with each other.      
### 11.Automating Visual Blockage Classification of Culverts with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03232.pdf)
>  Blockage of culverts by transported debris materials is reported as main contributor in originating urban flash floods. Conventional modelling approaches had no success in addressing the problem largely because of unavailability of peak floods hydraulic data and highly non-linear behaviour of debris at culvert. This article explores a new dimension to investigate the issue by proposing the use of Intelligent Video Analytic (IVA) algorithms for extracting blockage related information. Potential of using existing Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) algorithms (i.e., DarkNet53, DenseNet121, InceptionResNetV2, InceptionV3, MobileNet, ResNet50, VGG16, EfficientNetB3, NASNet) is investigated over a custom collected blockage dataset (i.e., Images of Culvert Openings and Blockage (ICOB)) to predict the blockage in a given image. Models were evaluated based on their performance on test dataset (i.e., accuracy, loss, precision, recall, F1-score, Jaccard-Index), Floating Point Operations Per Second (FLOPs) and response times to process a single test instance. From the results, NASNet was reported most efficient in classifying the blockage with the accuracy of 85\%; however, EfficientNetB3 was recommended for the hardware implementation because of its improved response time with accuracy comparable to NASNet (i.e., 83\%). False Negative (FN) instances, False Positive (FP) instances and CNN layers activation suggested that background noise and oversimplified labelling criteria were two contributing factors in degraded performance of existing CNN algorithms.      
### 12.NeRD: Neural 3D Reflection Symmetry Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03211.pdf)
>  Recent advances have shown that symmetry, a structural prior that most objects exhibit, can support a variety of single-view 3D understanding tasks. However, detecting 3D symmetry from an image remains a challenging task. Previous works either assume that the symmetry is given or detect the symmetry with a heuristic-based method. In this paper, we present NeRD, a Neural 3D Reflection Symmetry Detector, which combines the strength of learning-based recognition and geometry-based reconstruction to accurately recover the normal direction of objects' mirror planes. Specifically, we first enumerate the symmetry planes with a coarse-to-fine strategy and then find the best ones by building 3D cost volumes to examine the intra-image pixel correspondence from the symmetry. Our experiments show that the symmetry planes detected with our method are significantly more accurate than the planes from direct CNN regression on both synthetic and real-world datasets. We also demonstrate that the detected symmetry can be used to improve the performance of downstream tasks such as pose estimation and depth map regression. The code of this paper has been made public at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhou13/nerd" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.A^2-FPN: Attention Aggregation based Feature Pyramid Network for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03186.pdf)
>  Learning pyramidal feature representations is crucial for recognizing object instances at different scales. Feature Pyramid Network (FPN) is the classic architecture to build a feature pyramid with high-level semantics throughout. However, intrinsic defects in feature extraction and fusion inhibit FPN from further aggregating more discriminative features. In this work, we propose Attention Aggregation based Feature Pyramid Network (A^2-FPN), to improve multi-scale feature learning through attention-guided feature aggregation. In feature extraction, it extracts discriminative features by collecting-distributing multi-level global context features, and mitigates the semantic information loss due to drastically reduced channels. In feature fusion, it aggregates complementary information from adjacent features to generate location-wise reassembly kernels for content-aware sampling, and employs channel-wise reweighting to enhance the semantic consistency before element-wise addition. A^2-FPN shows consistent gains on different instance segmentation frameworks. By replacing FPN with A^2-FPN in Mask R-CNN, our model boosts the performance by 2.1% and 1.6% mask AP when using ResNet-50 and ResNet-101 as backbone, respectively. Moreover, A^2-FPN achieves an improvement of 2.0% and 1.4% mask AP when integrated into the strong baselines such as Cascade Mask R-CNN and Hybrid Task Cascade.      
### 14.Autoencoder Based Inter-Vehicle Generalization for In-Cabin Occupant Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03164.pdf)
>  Common domain shift problem formulations consider the integration of multiple source domains, or the target domain during training. Regarding the generalization of machine learning models between different car interiors, we formulate the criterion of training in a single vehicle: without access to the target distribution of the vehicle the model would be deployed to, neither with access to multiple vehicles during training. We performed an investigation on the SVIRO dataset for occupant classification on the rear bench and propose an autoencoder based approach to improve the transferability. The autoencoder is on par with commonly used classification models when trained from scratch and sometimes out-performs models pre-trained on a large amount of data. Moreover, the autoencoder can transform images from unknown vehicles into the vehicle it was trained on. These results are corroborated by an evaluation on real infrared images from two vehicle interiors.      
### 15.Adv-Makeup: A New Imperceptible and Transferable Attack on Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03162.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks, particularly face recognition models, have been shown to be vulnerable to both digital and physical adversarial examples. However, existing adversarial examples against face recognition systems either lack transferability to black-box models, or fail to be implemented in practice. In this paper, we propose a unified adversarial face generation method - Adv-Makeup, which can realize imperceptible and transferable attack under black-box setting. Adv-Makeup develops a task-driven makeup generation method with the blending module to synthesize imperceptible eye shadow over the orbital region on faces. And to achieve transferability, Adv-Makeup implements a fine-grained meta-learning adversarial attack strategy to learn more general attack features from various models. Compared to existing techniques, sufficient visualization results demonstrate that Adv-Makeup is capable to generate much more imperceptible attacks under both digital and physical scenarios. Meanwhile, extensive quantitative experiments show that Adv-Makeup can significantly improve the attack success rate under black-box setting, even attacking commercial systems.      
### 16.More Separable and Easier to Segment: A Cluster Alignment Method for Cross-Domain Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03151.pdf)
>  Feature alignment between domains is one of the mainstream methods for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) semantic segmentation. Existing feature alignment methods for semantic segmentation learn domain-invariant features by adversarial training to reduce domain discrepancy, but they have two limits: 1) associations among pixels are not maintained, 2) the classifier trained on the source domain couldn't adapted well to the target. In this paper, we propose a new UDA semantic segmentation approach based on domain closeness assumption to alleviate the above problems. Specifically, a prototype clustering strategy is applied to cluster pixels with the same semantic, which will better maintain associations among target domain pixels during the feature alignment. After clustering, to make the classifier more adaptive, a normalized cut loss based on the affinity graph of the target domain is utilized, which will make the decision boundary target-specific. Sufficient experiments conducted on GTA5 $\rightarrow$ Cityscapes and SYNTHIA $\rightarrow$ Cityscapes proved the effectiveness of our method, which illustrated that our results achieved the new state-of-the-art.      
### 17.A State-of-the-art Survey of Object Detection Techniques in Microorganism Image Analysis: from Traditional Image Processing and Classical Machine Learning to Current Deep Convolutional Neural Networks and Potential Visual Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03148.pdf)
>  Microorganisms play a vital role in human life. Therefore, microorganism detection is of great significance to human beings. However, the traditional manual microscopic detection methods have the disadvantages of long detection cycle, low detection accuracy in large orders, and great difficulty in detecting uncommon microorganisms. Therefore, it is meaningful to apply computer image analysis technology to the field of microorganism detection. Computer image analysis can realize high-precision and high-efficiency detection of microorganisms. In this review, first,we analyse the existing microorganism detection methods in chronological order, from traditional image processing and traditional machine learning to deep learning methods. Then, we analyze and summarize these existing methods and introduce some potential methods, including visual transformers. In the end, the future development direction and challenges of microorganism detection are discussed. In general, we have summarized 137 related technical papers from 1985 to the present. This review will help researchers have a more comprehensive understanding of the development process, research status, and future trends in the field of microorganism detection and provide a reference for researchers in other fields.      
### 18.An Intelligent Passive Food Intake Assessment System with Egocentric Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03142.pdf)
>  Malnutrition is a major public health concern in low-and-middle-income countries (LMICs). Understanding food and nutrient intake across communities, households and individuals is critical to the development of health policies and interventions. To ease the procedure in conducting large-scale dietary assessments, we propose to implement an intelligent passive food intake assessment system via egocentric cameras particular for households in Ghana and Uganda. Algorithms are first designed to remove redundant images for minimising the storage memory. At run time, deep learning-based semantic segmentation is applied to recognise multi-food types and newly-designed handcrafted features are extracted for further consumed food weight monitoring. Comprehensive experiments are conducted to validate our methods on an in-the-wild dataset captured under the settings which simulate the unique LMIC conditions with participants of Ghanaian and Kenyan origin eating common Ghanaian/Kenyan dishes. To demonstrate the efficacy, experienced dietitians are involved in this research to perform the visual portion size estimation, and their predictions are compared to our proposed method. The promising results have shown that our method is able to reliably monitor food intake and give feedback on users' eating behaviour which provides guidance for dietitians in regular dietary assessment.      
### 19.Probabilistic Ranking-Aware Ensembles for Enhanced Object Detections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03139.pdf)
>  Model ensembles are becoming one of the most effective approaches for improving object detection performance already optimized for a single detector. Conventional methods directly fuse bounding boxes but typically fail to consider proposal qualities when combining detectors. This leads to a new problem of confidence discrepancy for the detector ensembles. The confidence has little effect on single detectors but significantly affects detector ensembles. To address this issue, we propose a novel ensemble called the Probabilistic Ranking Aware Ensemble (PRAE) that refines the confidence of bounding boxes from detectors. By simultaneously considering the category and the location on the same validation set, we obtain a more reliable confidence based on statistical probability. We can then rank the detected bounding boxes for assembly. We also introduce a bandit approach to address the confidence imbalance problem caused by the need to deal with different numbers of boxes at different confidence levels. We use our PRAE-based non-maximum suppression (P-NMS) to replace the conventional NMS method in ensemble learning. Experiments on the PASCAL VOC and COCO2017 datasets demonstrate that our PRAE method consistently outperforms state-of-the-art methods by significant margins.      
### 20.Interpretable Social Anchors for Human Trajectory Forecasting in Crowds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03136.pdf)
>  Human trajectory forecasting in crowds, at its core, is a sequence prediction problem with specific challenges of capturing inter-sequence dependencies (social interactions) and consequently predicting socially-compliant multimodal distributions. In recent years, neural network-based methods have been shown to outperform hand-crafted methods on distance-based metrics. However, these data-driven methods still suffer from one crucial limitation: lack of interpretability. To overcome this limitation, we leverage the power of discrete choice models to learn interpretable rule-based intents, and subsequently utilise the expressibility of neural networks to model scene-specific residual. Extensive experimentation on the interaction-centric benchmark TrajNet++ demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed architecture to explain its predictions without compromising the accuracy.      
### 21.Neural 3D Scene Compression via Model Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03120.pdf)
>  Rendering 3D scenes requires access to arbitrary viewpoints from the scene. Storage of such a 3D scene can be done in two ways; (1) storing 2D images taken from the 3D scene that can reconstruct the scene back through interpolations, or (2) storing a representation of the 3D scene itself that already encodes views from all directions. So far, traditional 3D compression methods have focused on the first type of storage and compressed the original 2D images with image compression techniques. With this approach, the user first decodes the stored 2D images and then renders the 3D scene. However, this separated procedure is inefficient since a large amount of 2D images have to be stored. In this work, we take a different approach and compress a functional representation of 3D scenes. In particular, we introduce a method to compress 3D scenes by compressing the neural networks that represent the scenes as neural radiance fields. Our method provides more efficient storage of 3D scenes since it does not store 2D images -- which are redundant when we render the scene from the neural functional representation.      
### 22.Contrastive Learning for Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03117.pdf)
>  Image-to-image translation aims to learn a mapping between different groups of visually distinguishable images. While recent methods have shown impressive ability to change even intricate appearance of images, they still rely on domain labels in training a model to distinguish between distinct visual features. Such dependency on labels often significantly limits the scope of applications since consistent and high-quality labels are expensive. Instead, we wish to capture visual features from images themselves and apply them to enable realistic translation without human-generated labels. To this end, we propose an unsupervised image-to-image translation method based on contrastive learning. The key idea is to learn a discriminator that differentiates between distinctive styles and let the discriminator supervise a generator to transfer those styles across images. During training, we randomly sample a pair of images and train the generator to change the appearance of one towards another while keeping the original structure. Experimental results show that our method outperforms the leading unsupervised baselines in terms of visual quality and translation accuracy.      
### 23.Probabilistic Visual Place Recognition for Hierarchical Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03091.pdf)
>  Visual localization techniques often comprise a hierarchical localization pipeline, with a visual place recognition module used as a coarse localizer to initialize a pose refinement stage. While improving the pose refinement step has been the focus of much recent research, most work on the coarse localization stage has focused on improvements like increased invariance to appearance change, without improving what can be loose error tolerances. In this letter, we propose two methods which adapt image retrieval techniques used for visual place recognition to the Bayesian state estimation formulation for localization. We demonstrate significant improvements to the localization accuracy of the coarse localization stage using our methods, whilst retaining state-of-the-art performance under severe appearance change. Using extensive experimentation on the Oxford RobotCar dataset, results show that our approach outperforms comparable state-of-the-art methods in terms of precision-recall performance for localizing image sequences. In addition, our proposed methods provides the flexibility to contextually scale localization latency in order to achieve these improvements. The improved initial localization estimate opens up the possibility of both improved overall localization performance and modified pose refinement techniques that leverage this improved spatial prior.      
### 24.Human Object Interaction Detection using Two-Direction Spatial Enhancement and Exclusive Object Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03089.pdf)
>  Human-Object Interaction (HOI) detection aims to detect visual relations between human and objects in images. One significant problem of HOI detection is that non-interactive human-object pair can be easily mis-grouped and misclassified as an action, especially when humans are close and performing similar actions in the scene. To address the mis-grouping problem, we propose a spatial enhancement approach to enforce fine-level spatial constraints in two directions from human body parts to the object center, and from object parts to the human center. At inference, we propose a human-object regrouping approach by considering the object-exclusive property of an action, where the target object should not be shared by more than one human. By suppressing non-interactive pairs, our approach can decrease the false positives. Experiments on V-COCO and HICO-DET datasets demonstrate our approach is more robust compared to the existing methods under the presence of multiple humans and objects in the scene.      
### 25.Toward Interactive Modulation for Photo-Realistic Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03085.pdf)
>  Modulating image restoration level aims to generate a restored image by altering a factor that represents the restoration strength. Previous works mainly focused on optimizing the mean squared reconstruction error, which brings high reconstruction accuracy but lacks finer texture details. This paper presents a Controllable Unet Generative Adversarial Network (CUGAN) to generate high-frequency textures in the modulation tasks. CUGAN consists of two modules -- base networks and condition networks. The base networks comprise a generator and a discriminator. In the generator, we realize the interactive control of restoration levels by tuning the weights of different features from different scales in the Unet architecture. Moreover, we adaptively modulate the intermediate features in the discriminator according to the severity of degradations. The condition networks accept the condition vector (encoded degradation information) as input, then generate modulation parameters for both the generator and the discriminator. During testing, users can control the output effects by tweaking the condition vector. We also provide a smooth transition between GAN and MSE effects by a simple transition method. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed CUGAN achieves excellent performance on image restoration modulation tasks.      
### 26.Self-paced Resistance Learning against Overfitting on Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03059.pdf)
>  Noisy labels composed of correct and corrupted ones are pervasive in practice. They might significantly deteriorate the performance of convolutional neural networks (CNNs), because CNNs are easily overfitted on corrupted labels. To address this issue, inspired by an observation, deep neural networks might first memorize the probably correct-label data and then corrupt-label samples, we propose a novel yet simple self-paced resistance framework to resist corrupted labels, without using any clean validation data. The proposed framework first utilizes the memorization effect of CNNs to learn a curriculum, which contains confident samples and provides meaningful supervision for other training samples. Then it adopts selected confident samples and a proposed resistance loss to update model parameters; the resistance loss tends to smooth model parameters' update or attain equivalent prediction over each class, thereby resisting model overfitting on corrupted labels. Finally, we unify these two modules into a single loss function and optimize it in an alternative learning. Extensive experiments demonstrate the significantly superior performance of the proposed framework over recent state-of-the-art methods on noisy-label data. Source codes of the proposed method are available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xsshi2015/Self-paced-Resistance-Learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Few-Shot Learning for Image Classification of Common Flora  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03056.pdf)
>  The use of meta-learning and transfer learning in the task of few-shot image classification is a well researched area with many papers showcasing the advantages of transfer learning over meta-learning in cases where data is plentiful and there is no major limitations to computational resources. In this paper we will showcase our experimental results from testing various state-of-the-art transfer learning weights and architectures versus similar state-of-the-art works in the meta-learning field for image classification utilizing Model-Agnostic Meta Learning (MAML). Our results show that both practices provide adequate performance when the dataset is sufficiently large, but that they both also struggle when data sparsity is introduced to maintain sufficient performance. This problem is moderately reduced with the use of image augmentation and the fine-tuning of hyperparameters. In this paper we will discuss: (1) our process of developing a robust multi-class convolutional neural network (CNN) for the task of few-shot image classification, (2) demonstrate that transfer learning is the superior method of helping create an image classification model when the dataset is large and (3) that MAML outperforms transfer learning in the case where data is very limited. The code is available here: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/JBall1/Few-Shot-Limited-Data" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 28.Salient Objects in Clutter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03053.pdf)
>  This paper identifies and addresses a serious design bias of existing salient object detection (SOD) datasets, which unrealistically assume that each image should contain at least one clear and uncluttered salient object. This design bias has led to a saturation in performance for state-of-the-art SOD models when evaluated on existing datasets. However, these models are still far from satisfactory when applied to real-world scenes. Based on our analyses, we propose a new high-quality dataset and update the previous saliency benchmark. Specifically, our dataset, called Salient Objects in Clutter (SOC), includes images with both salient and non-salient objects from several common object categories. In addition to object category annotations, each salient image is accompanied by attributes that reflect common challenges in real-world scenes, which can help provide deeper insight into the SOD problem. Further, with a given saliency encoder, e.g., the backbone network, existing saliency models are designed to achieve mapping from the training image set to the training ground-truth set. We, therefore, argue that improving the dataset can yield higher performance gains than focusing only on the decoder design. With this in mind, we investigate several dataset-enhancement strategies, including label smoothing to implicitly emphasize salient boundaries, random image augmentation to adapt saliency models to various scenarios, and self-supervised learning as a regularization strategy to learn from small datasets. Our extensive results demonstrate the effectiveness of these tricks. We also provide a comprehensive benchmark for SOD, which can be found in our repository: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://dpfan.net/SOCBenchmark" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 29.Faster and Simpler Siamese Network for Single Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03049.pdf)
>  Single object tracking (SOT) is currently one of the most important tasks in computer vision. With the development of the deep network and the release for a series of large scale datasets for single object tracking, siamese networks have been proposed and perform better than most of the traditional methods. However, recent siamese networks get deeper and slower to obtain better performance. Most of these methods could only meet the needs of real-time object tracking in ideal environments. In order to achieve a better balance between efficiency and accuracy, we propose a simpler siamese network for single object tracking, which runs fast in poor hardware configurations while remaining an excellent accuracy. We use a more efficient regression method to compute the location of the tracked object in a shorter time without losing much precision. For improving the accuracy and speeding up the training progress, we introduce the Squeeze-and-excitation (SE) network into the feature extractor. In this paper, we compare the proposed method with some state-of-the-art trackers and analysis their performances. Using our method, a siamese network could be trained with shorter time and less data. The fast processing speed enables combining object tracking with object detection or other tasks in real time.      
### 30.Adaptive Domain-Specific Normalization for Generalizable Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03042.pdf)
>  Although existing person re-identification (Re-ID) methods have shown impressive accuracy, most of them usually suffer from poor generalization on unseen target domain. Thus, generalizable person Re-ID has recently drawn increasing attention, which trains a model on source domains that generalizes well on unseen target domain without model updating. In this work, we propose a novel adaptive domain-specific normalization approach (AdsNorm) for generalizable person Re-ID. It describes unseen target domain as a combination of the known source ones, and explicitly learns domain-specific representation with target distribution to improve the model's generalization by a meta-learning pipeline. Specifically, AdsNorm utilizes batch normalization layers to collect individual source domains' characteristics, and maps source domains into a shared latent space by using these characteristics, where the domain relevance is measured by a distance function of different domain-specific normalization statistics and features. At the testing stage, AdsNorm projects images from unseen target domain into the same latent space, and adaptively integrates the domain-specific features carrying the source distributions by domain relevance for learning more generalizable aggregated representation on unseen target domain. Considering that target domain is unavailable during training, a meta-learning algorithm combined with a customized relation loss is proposed to optimize an effective and efficient ensemble model. Extensive experiments demonstrate that AdsNorm outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hzphzp/AdsNorm" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Efficient Masked Face Recognition Method during the COVID-19 Pandemic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03026.pdf)
>  The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an unparalleled crisis leading to a huge number of casualties and security problems. In order to reduce the spread of coronavirus, people often wear masks to protect themselves. This makes face recognition a very difficult task since certain parts of the face are hidden. A primary focus of researchers during the ongoing coronavirus pandemic is to come up with suggestions to handle this problem through rapid and efficient solutions. In this paper, we propose a reliable method based on occlusion removal and deep learning-based features in order to address the problem of the masked face recognition process. The first step is to remove the masked face region. Next, we apply three pre-trained deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) namely, VGG-16, AlexNet, and ResNet-50, and use them to extract deep features from the obtained regions (mostly eyes and forehead regions). The Bag-of-features paradigm is then applied to the feature maps of the last convolutional layer in order to quantize them and to get a slight representation comparing to the fully connected layer of classical CNN. Finally, Multilayer Perceptron (MLP) is applied for the classification process. Experimental results on Real-World-Masked-Face-Dataset show high recognition performance compared to other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 32.BasisNet: Two-stage Model Synthesis for Efficient Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03014.pdf)
>  In this work, we present BasisNet which combines recent advancements in efficient neural network architectures, conditional computation, and early termination in a simple new form. Our approach incorporates a lightweight model to preview the input and generate input-dependent combination coefficients, which later controls the synthesis of a more accurate specialist model to make final prediction. The two-stage model synthesis strategy can be applied to any network architectures and both stages are jointly trained. We also show that proper training recipes are critical for increasing generalizability for such high capacity neural networks. On ImageNet classification benchmark, our BasisNet with MobileNets as backbone demonstrated clear advantage on accuracy-efficiency trade-off over several strong baselines. Specifically, BasisNet-MobileNetV3 obtained 80.3% top-1 accuracy with only 290M Multiply-Add operations, halving the computational cost of previous state-of-the-art without sacrificing accuracy. With early termination, the average cost can be further reduced to 198M MAdds while maintaining accuracy of 80.0% on ImageNet.      
### 33.LASR: Learning Articulated Shape Reconstruction from a Monocular Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02976.pdf)
>  Remarkable progress has been made in 3D reconstruction of rigid structures from a video or a collection of images. However, it is still challenging to reconstruct nonrigid structures from RGB inputs, due to its under-constrained nature. While template-based approaches, such as parametric shape models, have achieved great success in modeling the "closed world" of known object categories, they cannot well handle the "open-world" of novel object categories or outlier shapes. In this work, we introduce a template-free approach to learn 3D shapes from a single video. It adopts an analysis-by-synthesis strategy that forward-renders object silhouette, optical flow, and pixel values to compare with video observations, which generates gradients to adjust the camera, shape and motion parameters. Without using a category-specific shape template, our method faithfully reconstructs nonrigid 3D structures from videos of human, animals, and objects of unknown classes. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://lasr-google.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> .      
### 34.This Looks Like That... Does it? Shortcomings of Latent Space Prototype Explainability in Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02968.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks that yield human interpretable decisions by architectural design have lately become an increasingly popular alternative to post hoc interpretation of traditional black-box models. Among these networks, the arguably most widespread approach is so-called prototype learning, where similarities to learned latent prototypes serve as the basis of classifying an unseen data point. In this work, we point to an important shortcoming of such approaches. Namely, there is a semantic gap between similarity in latent space and similarity in input space, which can corrupt interpretability. We design two experiments that exemplify this issue on the so-called ProtoPNet. Specifically, we find that this network's interpretability mechanism can be led astray by intentionally crafted or even JPEG compression artefacts, which can produce incomprehensible decisions. We argue that practitioners ought to have this shortcoming in mind when deploying prototype-based models in practice.      
### 35.Image Embedding and Model Ensembling for Automated Chest X-Ray Interpretation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02966.pdf)
>  Chest X-ray (CXR) is perhaps the most frequently-performed radiological investigation globally. In this work, we present and study several machine learning approaches to develop automated CXR diagnostic models. In particular, we trained several Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) on the CheXpert dataset, a large collection of more than 200k CXR labeled images. Then, we used the trained CNNs to compute embeddings of the CXR images, in order to train two sets of tree-based classifiers from them. Finally, we described and compared three ensembling strategies to combine together the classifiers trained. Rather than expecting some performance-wise benefits, our goal in this work is showing that the above two methodologies, i.e., the extraction of image embeddings and models ensembling, can be effective and viable to solve tasks that require medical imaging understanding. Our results in that perspective are encouraging and worthy of further investigation.      
### 36.Object detection for crabs in top-view seabed imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02964.pdf)
>  This report presents the application of object detection on a database of underwater images of different species of crabs, as well as aerial images of sea lions and finally the Pascal VOC dataset. The model is an end-to-end object detection neural network based on a convolutional network base and a Long Short-Term Memory detector.      
### 37.Attention-augmented Spatio-Temporal Segmentation for Land Cover Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02963.pdf)
>  The availability of massive earth observing satellite data provide huge opportunities for land use and land cover mapping. However, such mapping effort is challenging due to the existence of various land cover classes, noisy data, and the lack of proper labels. Also, each land cover class typically has its own unique temporal pattern and can be identified only during certain periods. In this article, we introduce a novel architecture that incorporates the UNet structure with Bidirectional LSTM and Attention mechanism to jointly exploit the spatial and temporal nature of satellite data and to better identify the unique temporal patterns of each land cover. We evaluate this method for mapping crops in multiple regions over the world. We compare our method with other state-of-the-art methods both quantitatively and qualitatively on two real-world datasets which involve multiple land cover classes. We also visualise the attention weights to study its effectiveness in mitigating noise and identifying discriminative time period.      
### 38.UVStyle-Net: Unsupervised Few-shot Learning of 3D Style Similarity Measure for B-Reps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02961.pdf)
>  Boundary Representations (B-Reps) are the industry standard in 3D Computer Aided Design/Manufacturing (CAD/CAM) and industrial design due to their fidelity in representing stylistic details. However, they have been ignored in the 3D style research. Existing 3D style metrics typically operate on meshes or pointclouds, and fail to account for end-user subjectivity by adopting fixed definitions of style, either through crowd-sourcing for style labels or hand-crafted features. We propose UVStyle-Net, a style similarity measure for B-Reps that leverages the style signals in the second order statistics of the activations in a pre-trained (unsupervised) 3D encoder, and learns their relative importance to a subjective end-user through few-shot learning. Our approach differs from all existing data-driven 3D style methods since it may be used in completely unsupervised settings, which is desirable given the lack of publicly available labelled B-Rep datasets. More importantly, the few-shot learning accounts for the inherent subjectivity associated with style. We show quantitatively that our proposed method with B-Reps is able to capture stronger style signals than alternative methods on meshes and pointclouds despite its significantly greater computational efficiency. We also show it is able to generate meaningful style gradients with respect to the input shape, and that few-shot learning with as few as two positive examples selected by an end-user is sufficient to significantly improve the style measure. Finally, we demonstrate its efficacy on a large unlabeled public dataset of CAD models. Source code and data will be released in the future.      
### 39.A Deep Transfer Learning-based Edge Computing Method for Home Health Monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02960.pdf)
>  The health-care gets huge stress in a pandemic or epidemic situation. Some diseases such as COVID-19 that causes a pandemic is highly spreadable from an infected person to others. Therefore, providing health services at home for non-critical infected patients with isolation shall assist to mitigate this kind of stress. In addition, this practice is also very useful for monitoring the health-related activities of elders who live at home. The home health monitoring, a continuous monitoring of a patient or elder at home using visual sensors is one such non-intrusive sub-area of health services at home. In this article, we propose a transfer learning-based edge computing method for home health monitoring. Specifically, a pre-trained convolutional neural network-based model can leverage edge devices with a small amount of ground-labeled data and fine-tuning method to train the model. Therefore, on-site computing of visual data captured by RGB, depth, or thermal sensor could be possible in an affordable way. As a result, raw data captured by these types of sensors is not required to be sent outside from home. Therefore, privacy, security, and bandwidth scarcity shall not be issues. Moreover, real-time computing for the above-mentioned purposes shall be possible in an economical way.      
### 40.A review on physical and data-driven based nowcasting methods using sky images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02959.pdf)
>  Amongst all the renewable energy resources (RES), solar is the most popular form of energy source and is of particular interest for its widely integration into the power grid. However, due to the intermittent nature of solar source, it is of the greatest significance to forecast solar irradiance to ensure uninterrupted and reliable power supply to serve the energy demand. There are several approaches to perform solar irradiance forecasting, for instance satellite-based methods, sky image-based methods, machine learning-based methods, and numerical weather prediction-based methods. In this paper, we present a review on short-term intra-hour solar prediction techniques known as nowcasting methods using sky images. Along with this, we also report and discuss which sky image features are significant for the nowcasting methods.      
### 41.Morphological classification of astronomical images with limited labelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02958.pdf)
>  The task of morphological classification is complex for simple parameterization, but important for research in the galaxy evolution field. Future galaxy surveys (e.g. EUCLID) will collect data about more than a $10^9$ galaxies. To obtain morphological information one needs to involve people to mark up galaxy images, which requires either a considerable amount of money or a huge number of volunteers. We propose an effective semi-supervised approach for galaxy morphology classification task, based on active learning of adversarial autoencoder (AAE) model. For a binary classification problem (top level question of Galaxy Zoo 2 decision tree) we achieved accuracy 93.1% on the test part with only 0.86 millions markup actions, this model can easily scale up on any number of images. Our best model with additional markup achieves accuracy of 95.5%. To the best of our knowledge it is a first time AAE semi-supervised learning model used in astronomy.      
### 42.VID-WIN: Fast Video Event Matching with Query-Aware Windowing at the Edge for the Internet of Multimedia Things  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02957.pdf)
>  Efficient video processing is a critical component in many IoMT applications to detect events of interest. Presently, many window optimization techniques have been proposed in event processing with an underlying assumption that the incoming stream has a structured data model. Videos are highly complex due to the lack of any underlying structured data model. Video stream sources such as CCTV cameras and smartphones are resource-constrained edge nodes. At the same time, video content extraction is expensive and requires computationally intensive Deep Neural Network (DNN) models that are primarily deployed at high-end (or cloud) nodes. This paper presents VID-WIN, an adaptive 2-stage allied windowing approach to accelerate video event analytics in an edge-cloud paradigm. VID-WIN runs parallelly across edge and cloud nodes and performs the query and resource-aware optimization for state-based complex event matching. VID-WIN exploits the video content and DNN input knobs to accelerate the video inference process across nodes. The paper proposes a novel content-driven micro-batch resizing, queryaware caching and micro-batch based utility filtering strategy of video frames under resource-constrained edge nodes to improve the overall system throughput, latency, and network usage. Extensive evaluations are performed over five real-world datasets. The experimental results show that VID-WIN video event matching achieves ~2.3X higher throughput with minimal latency and ~99% bandwidth reduction compared to other baselines while maintaining query-level accuracy and resource bounds.      
### 43.Reconstruction of Convex Polytope Compositions from 3D Point-clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02956.pdf)
>  Reconstructing a composition (union) of convex polytopes that perfectly fits the corresponding input point-cloud is a hard optimization problem with interesting applications in reverse engineering and rigid body dynamics simulations. We propose a pipeline that first extracts a set of planes, then partitions the input point-cloud into weakly convex clusters and finally generates a set of convex polytopes as the intersection of fitted planes for each partition. Finding the best-fitting convex polytopes is formulated as a combinatorial optimization problem over the set of fitted planes and is solved using an Evolutionary Algorithm. For convex clustering, we employ two different methods and detail their strengths and weaknesses in a thorough evaluation based on multiple input data-sets.      
### 44.Detect caterpillar, grasshopper, aphid and simulation program for neutralizing them by laser  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02955.pdf)
>  The protection of crops from pests is relevant for any cultivated crop. But modern methods of pest control by pesticides carry many dangers for humans. Therefore, research into the development of safe and effective pest control methods is promising. This manuscript presents a new method of pest control. We used neural networks for pest detection and developed a powerful laser device (5 W) for their neutralization. In the manuscript methods of processing images with pests to extract the most useful feature are described in detail. Using the following pets as an example: aphids, grasshopper, cabbage caterpillar, we analyzed various neural network models and selected the optimal models and characteristics for each insect. In the paper the principle of operation of the developed laser device is described in detail. We created the program to search a pest in the video stream calculation of their coordinates and transmission data with coordinates to the device with the laser.      
### 45.Deep Neural Networks Based Weight Approximation and Computation Reuse for 2-D Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02954.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are computationally and memory intensive, which makes their hardware implementation a challenging task especially for resource constrained devices such as IoT nodes. To address this challenge, this paper introduces a new method to improve DNNs performance by fusing approximate computing with data reuse techniques to be used for image recognition applications. DNNs weights are approximated based on the linear and quadratic approximation methods during the training phase, then, all of the weights are replaced with the linear/quadratic coefficients to execute the inference in a way where different weights could be computed using the same coefficients. This leads to a repetition of the weights across the processing element (PE) array, which in turn enables the reuse of the DNN sub-computations (computational reuse) and leverage the same data (data reuse) to reduce DNNs computations, memory accesses, and improve energy efficiency albeit at the cost of increased training time. Complete analysis for both MNIST and CIFAR 10 datasets is presented for image recognition , where LeNet 5 revealed a reduction in the number of parameters by a factor of 1211.3x with a drop of less than 0.9% in accuracy. When compared to the state of the art Row Stationary (RS) method, the proposed architecture saved 54% of the total number of adders and multipliers needed. Overall, the proposed approach is suitable for IoT edge devices as it reduces the memory size requirement as well as the number of needed memory accesses.      
### 46.SkyCam: A Dataset of Sky Images and their Irradiance values  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02922.pdf)
>  Recent advances in Computer Vision and Deep Learning have enabled astonishing results in a variety of fields and applications. Motivated by this success, the SkyCam Dataset aims to enable image-based Deep Learning solutions for short-term, precise prediction of solar radiation on a local level. For the span of a year, three different cameras in three topographically different locations in Switzerland are acquiring images of the sky every 10 seconds. Thirteen high resolution images with different exposure times are captured and used to create an additional HDR image. The images are paired with highly precise irradiance values gathered from a high-accuracy pyranometer.      
### 47.Soft-Attention Improves Skin Cancer Classification Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03358.pdf)
>  In clinical applications, neural networks must focus on and highlight the most important parts of an input image. Soft-Attention mechanism enables a neural network toachieve this goal. This paper investigates the effectiveness of Soft-Attention in deep neural architectures. The central aim of Soft-Attention is to boost the value of important features and suppress the noise-inducing features. We compare the performance of VGG, ResNet, InceptionResNetv2 and DenseNet architectures with and without the Soft-Attention mechanism, while classifying skin lesions. The original network when coupled with Soft-Attention outperforms the baseline[14] by 4.7% while achieving a precision of 93.7% on HAM10000 dataset. Additionally, Soft-Attention coupling improves the sensitivity score by 3.8% compared to baseline[28] and achieves 91.6% on ISIC-2017 dataset. The code is publicly available at github.      
### 48.LINN: Lifting Inspired Invertible Neural Network for Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03303.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an invertible neural network for image denoising (DnINN) inspired by the transform-based denoising framework. The proposed DnINN consists of an invertible neural network called LINN whose architecture is inspired by the lifting scheme in wavelet theory and a sparsity-driven denoising network which is used to remove noise from the transform coefficients. The denoising operation is performed with a single soft-thresholding operation or with a learned iterative shrinkage thresholding network. The forward pass of LINN produces an over-complete representation which is more suitable for denoising. The denoised image is reconstructed using the backward pass of LINN using the output of the denoising network. The simulation results show that the proposed DnINN method achieves results comparable to the DnCNN method while only requiring 1/4 of learnable parameters.      
### 49.Energy-Based Anomaly Detection and Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03270.pdf)
>  This brief sketches initial progress towards a unified energy-based solution for the semi-supervised visual anomaly detection and localization problem. In this setup, we have access to only anomaly-free training data and want to detect and identify anomalies of an arbitrary nature on test data. We employ the density estimates from the energy-based model (EBM) as normalcy scores that can be used to discriminate normal images from anomalous ones. Further, we back-propagate the gradients of the energy score with respect to the image in order to generate a gradient map that provides pixel-level spatial localization of the anomalies in the image. In addition to the spatial localization, we show that simple processing of the gradient map can also provide alternative normalcy scores that either match or surpass the detection performance obtained with the energy value. To quantitatively validate the performance of the proposed method, we conduct experiments on the MVTec industrial dataset. Though still preliminary, our results are very promising and reveal the potential of EBMs for simultaneously detecting and localizing unforeseen anomalies in images.      
### 50.NTIRE 2021 Challenge on Perceptual Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03072.pdf)
>  This paper reports on the NTIRE 2021 challenge on perceptual image quality assessment (IQA), held in conjunction with the New Trends in Image Restoration and Enhancement workshop (NTIRE) workshop at CVPR 2021. As a new type of image processing technology, perceptual image processing algorithms based on Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have produced images with more realistic textures. These output images have completely different characteristics from traditional distortions, thus pose a new challenge for IQA methods to evaluate their visual quality. In comparison with previous IQA challenges, the training and testing datasets in this challenge include the outputs of perceptual image processing algorithms and the corresponding subjective scores. Thus they can be used to develop and evaluate IQA methods on GAN-based distortions. The challenge has 270 registered participants in total. In the final testing stage, 13 participating teams submitted their models and fact sheets. Almost all of them have achieved much better results than existing IQA methods, while the winning method can demonstrate state-of-the-art performance.      
### 51.Self-Adaptive Transfer Learning for Multicenter Glaucoma Classification in Fundus Retina Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03068.pdf)
>  The early diagnosis and screening of glaucoma are important for patients to receive treatment in time and maintain eyesight. Nowadays, deep learning (DL) based models have been successfully used for computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) of glaucoma from retina fundus images. However, a DL model pre-trained using a dataset from one hospital center may have poor performance on a dataset from another new hospital center and therefore its applications in the real scene are limited. In this paper, we propose a self-adaptive transfer learning (SATL) strategy to fill the domain gap between multicenter datasets. Specifically, the encoder of a DL model that is pre-trained on the source domain is used to initialize the encoder of a reconstruction model. Then, the reconstruction model is trained using only unlabeled image data from the target domain, which makes the encoder in the model adapt itself to extract useful high-level features both for target domain images encoding and glaucoma classification, simultaneously. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed SATL strategy is effective in the domain adaptation task between a private and two public glaucoma diagnosis datasets, i.e. pri-RFG, REFUGE, and LAG. Moreover, the proposed strategy is completely independent of the source domain data, which meets the real scene application and the privacy protection policy.      
### 52.Structured dataset documentation: a datasheet for CheXpert  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03020.pdf)
>  Billions of X-ray images are taken worldwide each year. Machine learning, and deep learning in particular, has shown potential to help radiologists triage and diagnose images. However, deep learning requires large datasets with reliable labels. The CheXpert dataset was created with the participation of board-certified radiologists, resulting in the strong ground truth needed to train deep learning networks. Following the structured format of Datasheets for Datasets, this paper expands on the original CheXpert paper and other sources to show the critical role played by radiologists in the creation of reliable labels and to describe the different aspects of the dataset composition in detail. Such structured documentation intends to increase the awareness in the machine learning and medical communities of the strengths, applications, and evolution of CheXpert, thereby advancing the field of medical image analysis. Another objective of this paper is to put forward this dataset datasheet as an example to the community of how to create detailed and structured descriptions of datasets. We believe that clearly documenting the creation process, the contents, and applications of datasets accelerates the creation of useful and reliable models.      
### 53.Recognition of handwritten MNIST digits on low-memory 2 Kb RAM Arduino board using LogNNet reservoir neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02953.pdf)
>  The presented compact algorithm for recognizing handwritten digits of the MNIST database, created on the LogNNet reservoir neural network, reaches the recognition accuracy of 82%. The algorithm was tested on a low-memory Arduino board with 2 Kb static RAM low-power microcontroller. The dependences of the accuracy and time of image recognition on the number of neurons in the reservoir have been investigated. The memory allocation demonstrates that the algorithm stores all the necessary information in RAM without using additional data storage, and operates with original images without preliminary processing. The simple structure of the algorithm, with appropriate training, can be adapted for wide practical application, for example, for creating mobile biosensors for early diagnosis of adverse events in medicine. The study results are important for the implementation of artificial intelligence on peripheral constrained IoT devices and for edge computing.      
### 54.Understanding Catastrophic Overfitting in Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02942.pdf)
>  Recently, FGSM adversarial training is found to be able to train a robust model which is comparable to the one trained by PGD but an order of magnitude faster. However, there is a failure mode called catastrophic overfitting (CO) that the classifier loses its robustness suddenly during the training and hardly recovers by itself. In this paper, we find CO is not only limited to FGSM, but also happens in $\mbox{DF}^{\infty}$-1 adversarial training. Then, we analyze the geometric properties for both FGSM and $\mbox{DF}^{\infty}$-1 and find they have totally different decision boundaries after CO. For FGSM, a new decision boundary is generated along the direction of perturbation and makes the small perturbation more effective than the large one. While for $\mbox{DF}^{\infty}$-1, there is no new decision boundary generated along the direction of perturbation, instead the perturbation generated by $\mbox{DF}^{\infty}$-1 becomes smaller after CO and thus loses its effectiveness. We also experimentally analyze three hypotheses on potential factors causing CO. And then based on the empirical analysis, we modify the RS-FGSM by not projecting perturbation back to the $l_\infty$ ball. By this small modification, we could achieve $47.56 \pm 0.37\% $ PGD-50-10 accuracy on CIFAR10 with $\epsilon=8/255$ in contrast to $43.57 \pm 0.30\% $ by RS-FGSM and also further extend the working range of $\epsilon$ from 8/255 to 11/255 on CIFAR10 without CO occurring.      
