# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 1 Apr 2021
### 1.Efficient Large-Scale Face Clustering Using an Online Mixture of Gaussians  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17272.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the problem of large-scale online face clustering: given a continuous stream of unknown faces, create a database grouping the incoming faces by their identity. The database must be updated every time a new face arrives. In addition, the solution must be efficient, accurate and scalable. For this purpose, we present an online gaussian mixture-based clustering method (OGMC). The key idea of this method is the proposal that an identity can be represented by more than just one distribution or cluster. Using feature vectors (f-vectors) extracted from the incoming faces, OGMC generates clusters that may be connected to others depending on their proximity and their robustness. Every time a cluster is updated with a new sample, its connections are also updated. With this approach, we reduce the dependency of the clustering process on the order and the size of the incoming data and we are able to deal with complex data distributions. Experimental results show that the proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-art clustering methods on large-scale face clustering benchmarks not only in accuracy, but also in efficiency and scalability.      
### 2.DCVNet: Dilated Cost Volume Networks for Fast Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17271.pdf)
>  The cost volume, capturing the similarity of possible correspondences across two input images, is a key ingredient in state-of-the-art optical flow approaches. When sampling for correspondences to build the cost volume, a large neighborhood radius is required to deal with large displacements, introducing a significant computational burden. To address this, a sequential strategy is usually adopted, where correspondence sampling in a local neighborhood with a small radius suffices. However, such sequential approaches, instantiated by either a pyramid structure over a deep neural network's feature hierarchy or by a recurrent neural network, are slow due to the inherent need for sequential processing of cost volumes. In this paper, we propose dilated cost volumes to capture small and large displacements simultaneously, allowing optical flow estimation without the need for the sequential estimation strategy. To process the cost volume to get pixel-wise optical flow, existing approaches employ 2D or separable 4D convolutions, which we show either suffer from high GPU memory consumption, inferior accuracy, or large model size. Therefore, we propose using 3D convolutions for cost volume filtering to address these issues. By combining the dilated cost volumes and 3D convolutions, our proposed model DCVNet not only exhibits real-time inference (71 fps on a mid-end 1080ti GPU) but is also compact and obtains comparable accuracy to existing approaches.      
### 3.CAMPARI: Camera-Aware Decomposed Generative Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17269.pdf)
>  Tremendous progress in deep generative models has led to photorealistic image synthesis. While achieving compelling results, most approaches operate in the two-dimensional image domain, ignoring the three-dimensional nature of our world. Several recent works therefore propose generative models which are 3D-aware, i.e., scenes are modeled in 3D and then rendered differentiably to the image plane. This leads to impressive 3D consistency, but incorporating such a bias comes at a price: the camera needs to be modeled as well. Current approaches assume fixed intrinsics and a predefined prior over camera pose ranges. As a result, parameter tuning is typically required for real-world data, and results degrade if the data distribution is not matched. Our key hypothesis is that learning a camera generator jointly with the image generator leads to a more principled approach to 3D-aware image synthesis. Further, we propose to decompose the scene into a background and foreground model, leading to more efficient and disentangled scene representations. While training from raw, unposed image collections, we learn a 3D- and camera-aware generative model which faithfully recovers not only the image but also the camera data distribution. At test time, our model generates images with explicit control over the camera as well as the shape and appearance of the scene.      
### 4.Semi-supervised Synthesis of High-Resolution Editable Textures for 3D Humans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17266.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel approach to generate diverse high fidelity texture maps for 3D human meshes in a semi-supervised setup. Given a segmentation mask defining the layout of the semantic regions in the texture map, our network generates high-resolution textures with a variety of styles, that are then used for rendering purposes. To accomplish this task, we propose a Region-adaptive Adversarial Variational AutoEncoder (ReAVAE) that learns the probability distribution of the style of each region individually so that the style of the generated texture can be controlled by sampling from the region-specific distributions. In addition, we introduce a data generation technique to augment our training set with data lifted from single-view RGB inputs. Our training strategy allows the mixing of reference image styles with arbitrary styles for different regions, a property which can be valuable for virtual try-on AR/VR applications. Experimental results show that our method synthesizes better texture maps compared to prior work while enabling independent layout and style controllability.      
### 5.Human POSEitioning System (HPS): 3D Human Pose Estimation and Self-localization in Large Scenes from Body-Mounted Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17265.pdf)
>  We introduce (HPS) Human POSEitioning System, a method to recover the full 3D pose of a human registered with a 3D scan of the surrounding environment using wearable sensors. Using IMUs attached at the body limbs and a head mounted camera looking outwards, HPS fuses camera based self-localization with IMU-based human body tracking. The former provides drift-free but noisy position and orientation estimates while the latter is accurate in the short-term but subject to drift over longer periods of time. We show that our optimization-based integration exploits the benefits of the two, resulting in pose accuracy free of drift. Furthermore, we integrate 3D scene constraints into our optimization, such as foot contact with the ground, resulting in physically plausible motion. HPS complements more common third-person-based 3D pose estimation methods. It allows capturing larger recording volumes and longer periods of motion, and could be used for VR/AR applications where humans interact with the scene without requiring direct line of sight with an external camera, or to train agents that navigate and interact with the environment based on first-person visual input, like real humans. With HPS, we recorded a dataset of humans interacting with large 3D scenes (300-1000 sq.m) consisting of 7 subjects and more than 3 hours of diverse motion. The dataset, code and video will be available on the project page: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://virtualhumans.mpi-inf.mpg.de/hps/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> .      
### 6.Rethinking Self-supervised Correspondence Learning: A Video Frame-level Similarity Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17263.pdf)
>  Learning a good representation for space-time correspondence is the key for various computer vision tasks, including tracking object bounding boxes and performing video object pixel segmentation. To learn generalizable representation for correspondence in large-scale, a variety of self-supervised pretext tasks are proposed to explicitly perform object-level or patch-level similarity learning. Instead of following the previous literature, we propose to learn correspondence using Video Frame-level Similarity (VFS) learning, i.e, simply learning from comparing video frames. Our work is inspired by the recent success in image-level contrastive learning and similarity learning for visual recognition. Our hypothesis is that if the representation is good for recognition, it requires the convolutional features to find correspondence between similar objects or parts. Our experiments show surprising results that VFS surpasses state-of-the-art self-supervised approaches for both OTB visual object tracking and DAVIS video object segmentation. We perform detailed analysis on what matters in VFS and reveals new properties on image and frame level similarity learning. Project page is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://jerryxu.net/VFS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Video Exploration via Video-Specific Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17261.pdf)
>  We present simple video-specific autoencoders that enables human-controllable video exploration. This includes a wide variety of analytic tasks such as (but not limited to) spatial and temporal super-resolution, spatial and temporal editing, object removal, video textures, average video exploration, and correspondence estimation within and across videos. Prior work has independently looked at each of these problems and proposed different formulations. In this work, we observe that a simple autoencoder trained (from scratch) on multiple frames of a specific video enables one to perform a large variety of video processing and editing tasks. Our tasks are enabled by two key observations: (1) latent codes learned by the autoencoder capture spatial and temporal properties of that video and (2) autoencoders can project out-of-sample inputs onto the video-specific manifold. For e.g. (1) interpolating latent codes enables temporal super-resolution and user-controllable video textures; (2) manifold reprojection enables spatial super-resolution, object removal, and denoising without training for any of the tasks. Importantly, a two-dimensional visualization of latent codes via principal component analysis acts as a tool for users to both visualize and intuitively control video edits. Finally, we quantitatively contrast our approach with the prior art and found that without any supervision and task-specific knowledge, our approach can perform comparably to supervised approaches specifically trained for a task.      
### 8.Learning by Aligning Videos in Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17260.pdf)
>  We present a self-supervised approach for learning video representations using temporal video alignment as a pretext task, while exploiting both frame-level and video-level information. We leverage a novel combination of temporal alignment loss and temporal regularization terms, which can be used as supervision signals for training an encoder network. Specifically, the temporal alignment loss (i.e., Soft-DTW) aims for the minimum cost for temporally aligning videos in the embedding space. However, optimizing solely for this term leads to trivial solutions, particularly, one where all frames get mapped to a small cluster in the embedding space. To overcome this problem, we propose a temporal regularization term (i.e., Contrastive-IDM) which encourages different frames to be mapped to different points in the embedding space. Extensive evaluations on various tasks, including action phase classification, action phase progression, and fine-grained frame retrieval, on three datasets, namely Pouring, Penn Action, and IKEA ASM, show superior performance of our approach over state-of-the-art methods for self-supervised representation learning from videos. In addition, our method provides significant performance gain where labeled data is lacking.      
### 9.StyleCLIP: Text-Driven Manipulation of StyleGAN Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17249.pdf)
>  Inspired by the ability of StyleGAN to generate highly realistic images in a variety of domains, much recent work has focused on understanding how to use the latent spaces of StyleGAN to manipulate generated and real images. However, discovering semantically meaningful latent manipulations typically involves painstaking human examination of the many degrees of freedom, or an annotated collection of images for each desired manipulation. In this work, we explore leveraging the power of recently introduced Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP) models in order to develop a text-based interface for StyleGAN image manipulation that does not require such manual effort. We first introduce an optimization scheme that utilizes a CLIP-based loss to modify an input latent vector in response to a user-provided text prompt. Next, we describe a latent mapper that infers a text-guided latent manipulation step for a given input image, allowing faster and more stable text-based manipulation. Finally, we present a method for mapping a text prompts to input-agnostic directions in StyleGAN's style space, enabling interactive text-driven image manipulation. Extensive results and comparisons demonstrate the effectiveness of our approaches.      
### 10.Dogfight: Detecting Drones from Drones Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17242.pdf)
>  As airborne vehicles are becoming more autonomous and ubiquitous, it has become vital to develop the capability to detect the objects in their surroundings. This paper attempts to address the problem of drones detection from other flying drones. The erratic movement of the source and target drones, small size, arbitrary shape, large intensity variations, and occlusion make this problem quite challenging. In this scenario, region-proposal based methods are not able to capture sufficient discriminative foreground-background information. Also, due to the extremely small size and complex motion of the source and target drones, feature aggregation based methods are unable to perform well. To handle this, instead of using region-proposal based methods, we propose to use a two-stage segmentation-based approach employing spatio-temporal attention cues. During the first stage, given the overlapping frame regions, detailed contextual information is captured over convolution feature maps using pyramid pooling. After that pixel and channel-wise attention is enforced on the feature maps to ensure accurate drone localization. In the second stage, first stage detections are verified and new probable drone locations are explored. To discover new drone locations, motion boundaries are used. This is followed by tracking candidate drone detections for a few frames, cuboid formation, extraction of the 3D convolution feature map, and drones detection within each cuboid. The proposed approach is evaluated on two publicly available drone detection datasets and outperforms several competitive baselines.      
### 11.Going deeper with Image Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17239.pdf)
>  Transformers have been recently adapted for large scale image classification, achieving high scores shaking up the long supremacy of convolutional neural networks. However the optimization of image transformers has been little studied so far. In this work, we build and optimize deeper transformer networks for image classification. In particular, we investigate the interplay of architecture and optimization of such dedicated transformers. We make two transformers architecture changes that significantly improve the accuracy of deep transformers. This leads us to produce models whose performance does not saturate early with more depth, for instance we obtain 86.3% top-1 accuracy on Imagenet when training with no external data. Our best model establishes the new state of the art on Imagenet with Reassessed labels and Imagenet-V2 / match frequency, in the setting with no additional training data.      
### 12.FANet: A Feedback Attention Network for Improved Biomedical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17235.pdf)
>  With the increase in available large clinical and experimental datasets, there has been substantial amount of work being done on addressing the challenges in the area of biomedical image analysis. Image segmentation, which is crucial for any quantitative analysis, has especially attracted attention. Recent hardware advancement has led to the success of deep learning approaches. However, although deep learning models are being trained on large datasets, existing methods do not use the information from different learning epochs effectively. In this work, we leverage the information of each training epoch to prune the prediction maps of the subsequent epochs. We propose a novel architecture called feedback attention network (FANet) that unifies the previous epoch mask with the feature map of the current training epoch. The previous epoch mask is then used to provide a hard attention to the learnt feature maps at different convolutional layers. The network also allows to rectify the predictions in an iterative fashion during the test time. We show that our proposed feedback attention model provides a substantial improvement on most segmentation metrics tested on seven publicly available biomedical imaging datasets demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed FANet.      
### 13.Rainbow Memory: Continual Learning with a Memory of Diverse Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17230.pdf)
>  Continual learning is a realistic learning scenario for AI models. Prevalent scenario of continual learning, however, assumes disjoint sets of classes as tasks and is less realistic rather artificial. Instead, we focus on 'blurry' task boundary; where tasks shares classes and is more realistic and practical. To address such task, we argue the importance of diversity of samples in an episodic memory. To enhance the sample diversity in the memory, we propose a novel memory management strategy based on per-sample classification uncertainty and data augmentation, named Rainbow Memory (RM). With extensive empirical validations on MNIST, CIFAR10, CIFAR100, and ImageNet datasets, we show that the proposed method significantly improves the accuracy in blurry continual learning setups, outperforming state of the arts by large margins despite its simplicity. Code and data splits will be available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/clovaai/rainbow-memory" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Joint Deep Multi-Graph Matching and 3D Geometry Learning from Inhomogeneous 2D Image Collections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17229.pdf)
>  Graph matching aims to establish correspondences between vertices of graphs such that both the node and edge attributes agree. Various learning-based methods were recently proposed for finding correspondences between image key points based on deep graph matching formulations. While these approaches mainly focus on learning node and edge attributes, they completely ignore the 3D geometry of the underlying 3D objects depicted in the 2D images. We fill this gap by proposing a trainable framework that takes advantage of graph neural networks for learning a deformable 3D geometry model from inhomogeneous image collections, i.e. a set of images that depict different instances of objects from the same category. Experimentally we demonstrate that our method outperforms recent learning-based approaches for graph matching considering both accuracy and cycle-consistency error, while we in addition obtain the underlying 3D geometry of the objects depicted in the 2D images.      
### 15.Scale-aware Automatic Augmentation for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17220.pdf)
>  We propose Scale-aware AutoAug to learn data augmentation policies for object detection. We define a new scale-aware search space, where both image- and box-level augmentations are designed for maintaining scale invariance. Upon this search space, we propose a new search metric, termed Pareto Scale Balance, to facilitate search with high efficiency. In experiments, Scale-aware AutoAug yields significant and consistent improvement on various object detectors (e.g., RetinaNet, Faster R-CNN, Mask R-CNN, and FCOS), even compared with strong multi-scale training baselines. Our searched augmentation policies are transferable to other datasets and box-level tasks beyond object detection (e.g., instance segmentation and keypoint estimation) to improve performance. The search cost is much less than previous automated augmentation approaches for object detection. It is notable that our searched policies have meaningful patterns, which intuitively provide valuable insight for human data augmentation design. Code and models will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jia-Research-Lab/SA-AutoAug" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.An effective and friendly tool for seed image analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17213.pdf)
>  Image analysis is an essential field for several topics of life sciences, such as biology or botany. In particular, seeds analysis (e.g., fossil research) can provide significant information about their evolution, the history of agriculture, the domestication of plants, and the knowledge of diets in ancient times. This work aims to present a software that performs an image analysis by feature extraction and classification starting from images containing seeds through a brand new and unique framework. In detail, we propose two \emph{ImageJ} plugins, one capable of extracting morphological, textural, and colour characteristics from images of seeds, and another one to classify the seeds into categories by using the extracted features. The experimental results demonstrated the correctness and validity both of the extracted features and the classification predictions. The proposed tool is easily extendable to other fields of image analysis.      
### 17.Long-Term Temporally Consistent Unpaired Video Translation from Simulated Surgical 3D Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17204.pdf)
>  Research in unpaired video translation has mainly focused on short-term temporal consistency by conditioning on neighboring frames. However for transfer from simulated to photorealistic sequences, available information on the underlying geometry offers potential for achieving global consistency across views. We propose a novel approach which combines unpaired image translation with neural rendering to transfer simulated to photorealistic surgical abdominal scenes. By introducing global learnable textures and a lighting-invariant view-consistency loss, our method produces consistent translations of arbitrary views and thus enables long-term consistent video synthesis. We design and test our model to generate video sequences from minimally-invasive surgical abdominal scenes. Because labeled data is often limited in this domain, photorealistic data where ground truth information from the simulated domain is preserved is especially relevant. By extending existing image-based methods to view-consistent videos, we aim to impact the applicability of simulated training and evaluation environments for surgical applications. Code and data will be made publicly available soon.      
### 18.GrooMeD-NMS: Grouped Mathematically Differentiable NMS for Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17202.pdf)
>  Modern 3D object detectors have immensely benefited from the end-to-end learning idea. However, most of them use a post-processing algorithm called Non-Maximal Suppression (NMS) only during inference. While there were attempts to include NMS in the training pipeline for tasks such as 2D object detection, they have been less widely adopted due to a non-mathematical expression of the NMS. In this paper, we present and integrate GrooMeD-NMS -- a novel Grouped Mathematically Differentiable NMS for monocular 3D object detection, such that the network is trained end-to-end with a loss on the boxes after NMS. We first formulate NMS as a matrix operation and then group and mask the boxes in an unsupervised manner to obtain a simple closed-form expression of the NMS. GrooMeD-NMS addresses the mismatch between training and inference pipelines and, therefore, forces the network to select the best 3D box in a differentiable manner. As a result, GrooMeD-NMS achieves state-of-the-art monocular 3D object detection results on the KITTI benchmark dataset performing comparably to monocular video-based methods. Code and models at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/abhi1kumar/groomed_nms" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 19.A Closer Look at Fourier Spectrum Discrepancies for CNN-generated Images Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17195.pdf)
>  CNN-based generative modelling has evolved to produce synthetic images indistinguishable from real images in the RGB pixel space. Recent works have observed that CNN-generated images share a systematic shortcoming in replicating high frequency Fourier spectrum decay attributes. Furthermore, these works have successfully exploited this systematic shortcoming to detect CNN-generated images reporting up to 99% accuracy across multiple state-of-the-art GAN models. <br>In this work, we investigate the validity of assertions claiming that CNN-generated images are unable to achieve high frequency spectral decay consistency. We meticulously construct a counterexample space of high frequency spectral decay consistent CNN-generated images emerging from our handcrafted experiments using DCGAN, LSGAN, WGAN-GP and StarGAN, where we empirically show that this frequency discrepancy can be avoided by a minor architecture change in the last upsampling operation. We subsequently use images from this counterexample space to successfully bypass the recently proposed forensics detector which leverages on high frequency Fourier spectrum decay attributes for CNN-generated image detection. <br>Through this study, we show that high frequency Fourier spectrum decay discrepancies are not inherent characteristics for existing CNN-based generative models--contrary to the belief of some existing work--, and such features are not robust to perform synthetic image detection. Our results prompt re-thinking of using high frequency Fourier spectrum decay attributes for CNN-generated image detection. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://keshik6.github.io/Fourier-Discrepancies-CNN-Detection/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 20.Rethinking Style Transfer: From Pixels to Parameterized Brushstrokes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17185.pdf)
>  There have been many successful implementations of neural style transfer in recent years. In most of these works, the stylization process is confined to the pixel domain. However, we argue that this representation is unnatural because paintings usually consist of brushstrokes rather than pixels. We propose a method to stylize images by optimizing parameterized brushstrokes instead of pixels and further introduce a simple differentiable rendering mechanism. Our approach significantly improves visual quality and enables additional control over the stylization process such as controlling the flow of brushstrokes through user input. We provide qualitative and quantitative evaluations that show the efficacy of the proposed parameterized representation.      
### 21.Learning Spatio-Temporal Transformer for Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17154.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a new tracking architecture with an encoder-decoder transformer as the key component. The encoder models the global spatio-temporal feature dependencies between target objects and search regions, while the decoder learns a query embedding to predict the spatial positions of the target objects. Our method casts object tracking as a direct bounding box prediction problem, without using any proposals or predefined anchors. With the encoder-decoder transformer, the prediction of objects just uses a simple fully-convolutional network, which estimates the corners of objects directly. The whole method is end-to-end, does not need any postprocessing steps such as cosine window and bounding box smoothing, thus largely simplifying existing tracking pipelines. The proposed tracker achieves state-of-the-art performance on five challenging short-term and long-term benchmarks, while running at real-time speed, being 6x faster than Siam R-CNN. Code and models are open-sourced at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/researchmm/Stark" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.SOON: Scenario Oriented Object Navigation with Graph-based Exploration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17138.pdf)
>  The ability to navigate like a human towards a language-guided target from anywhere in a 3D embodied environment is one of the 'holy grail' goals of intelligent robots. Most visual navigation benchmarks, however, focus on navigating toward a target from a fixed starting point, guided by an elaborate set of instructions that depicts step-by-step. This approach deviates from real-world problems in which human-only describes what the object and its surrounding look like and asks the robot to start navigation from anywhere. Accordingly, in this paper, we introduce a Scenario Oriented Object Navigation (SOON) task. In this task, an agent is required to navigate from an arbitrary position in a 3D embodied environment to localize a target following a scene description. To give a promising direction to solve this task, we propose a novel graph-based exploration (GBE) method, which models the navigation state as a graph and introduces a novel graph-based exploration approach to learn knowledge from the graph and stabilize training by learning sub-optimal trajectories. We also propose a new large-scale benchmark named From Anywhere to Object (FAO) dataset. To avoid target ambiguity, the descriptions in FAO provide rich semantic scene information includes: object attribute, object relationship, region description, and nearby region description. Our experiments reveal that the proposed GBE outperforms various state-of-the-arts on both FAO and R2R datasets. And the ablation studies on FAO validates the quality of the dataset.      
### 23.Rank-One Prior: Toward Real-Time Scene Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17126.pdf)
>  Scene recovery is a fundamental imaging task for several practical applications, e.g., video surveillance and autonomous vehicles, etc. To improve visual quality under different weather/imaging conditions, we propose a real-time light correction method to recover the degraded scenes in the cases of sandstorms, underwater, and haze. The heart of our work is that we propose an intensity projection strategy to estimate the transmission. This strategy is motivated by a straightforward rank-one transmission prior. The complexity of transmission estimation is $O(N)$ where $N$ is the size of the single image. Then we can recover the scene in real-time. Comprehensive experiments on different types of weather/imaging conditions illustrate that our method outperforms competitively several state-of-the-art imaging methods in terms of efficiency and robustness.      
### 24.Camouflaged Instance Segmentation: Dataset and Benchmark Suite  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17123.pdf)
>  This paper pushes the envelope on camouflaged regions to decompose them into meaningful components, namely, camouflaged instances. To promote the new task of camouflaged instance segmentation, we introduce a new large-scale dataset, namely CAMO++, by extending our preliminary CAMO dataset (camouflaged object segmentation) in terms of quantity and diversity. The new dataset substantially increases the number of images with hierarchical pixel-wise ground-truths. We also provide a benchmark suite for the task of camouflaged instance segmentation. In particular, we conduct extensive evaluation of state-of-the-art instance segmentation detectors on our newly constructed CAMO++ dataset in various scenarios. The dataset, evaluation suite, and benchmark will be publicly available at our project page.      
### 25.Topo-boundary: A Benchmark Dataset on Topological Road-boundary Detection Using Aerial Images for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17119.pdf)
>  Road-boundary detection is important for autonomous driving. For example, it can be used to constrain vehicles running on road areas, which ensures driving safety. Compared with on-line road-boundary detection using on-vehicle cameras/Lidars, off-line detection using aerial images could alleviate the severe occlusion issue. Moreover, the off-line detection results can be directly used to annotate high-definition (HD) maps. In recent years, deep-learning technologies have been used in off-line detection. But there is still lacking a publicly available dataset for this task, which hinders the research progress in this area. So in this paper, we propose a new benchmark dataset, named \textit{Topo-boundary}, for off-line topological road-boundary detection. The dataset contains 21,556 $1000\times1000$-sized 4-channel aerial images. Each image is provided with 8 training labels for different sub-tasks. We also design a new entropy-based metric for connectivity evaluation, which could better handle noises or outliers. We implement and evaluate 3 segmentation-based baselines and 5 graph-based baselines using the dataset. We also propose a new imitation-learning-based baseline which is enhanced from our previous work. The superiority of our enhancement is demonstrated from the comparison. The dataset and our-implemented codes for the baselines are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/topo-boundary" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 26.iCurb: Imitation Learning-based Detection of Road Curbs using Aerial Images for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17118.pdf)
>  Detection of road curbs is an essential capability for autonomous driving. It can be used for autonomous vehicles to determine drivable areas on roads. Usually, road curbs are detected on-line using vehicle-mounted sensors, such as video cameras and 3-D Lidars. However, on-line detection using video cameras may suffer from challenging illumination conditions, and Lidar-based approaches may be difficult to detect far-away road curbs due to the sparsity issue of point clouds. In recent years, aerial images are becoming more and more worldwide available. We find that the visual appearances between road areas and off-road areas are usually different in aerial images, so we propose a novel solution to detect road curbs off-line using aerial images. The input to our method is an aerial image, and the output is directly a graph (i.e., vertices and edges) representing road curbs. To this end, we formulate the problem as an imitation learning problem, and design a novel network and an innovative training strategy to train an agent to iteratively find the road-curb graph. The experimental results on a public dataset confirm the effectiveness and superiority of our method. This work is accompanied with a demonstration video and a supplementary document at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://tonyxuqaq.github.io/iCurb/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Dense Relation Distillation with Context-aware Aggregation for Few-Shot Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17115.pdf)
>  Conventional deep learning based methods for object detection require a large amount of bounding box annotations for training, which is expensive to obtain such high quality annotated data. Few-shot object detection, which learns to adapt to novel classes with only a few annotated examples, is very challenging since the fine-grained feature of novel object can be easily overlooked with only a few data available. In this work, aiming to fully exploit features of annotated novel object and capture fine-grained features of query object, we propose Dense Relation Distillation with Context-aware Aggregation (DCNet) to tackle the few-shot detection problem. Built on the meta-learning based framework, Dense Relation Distillation module targets at fully exploiting support features, where support features and query feature are densely matched, covering all spatial locations in a feed-forward fashion. The abundant usage of the guidance information endows model the capability to handle common challenges such as appearance changes and occlusions. Moreover, to better capture scale-aware features, Context-aware Aggregation module adaptively harnesses features from different scales for a more comprehensive feature representation. Extensive experiments illustrate that our proposed approach achieves state-of-the-art results on PASCAL VOC and MS COCO datasets. Code will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hzhupku/DCNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Facial expression and attributes recognition based on multi-task learning of lightweight neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17107.pdf)
>  In this paper, we examine the multi-task training of lightweight convolutional neural networks for face identification and classification of facial attributes (age, gender, ethnicity) trained on cropped faces without margins. It is shown that it is still necessary to fine-tune these networks in order to predict facial expressions. Several models are presented based on MobileNet, EfficientNet and RexNet architectures. It was experimentally demonstrated that our models are characterized by the state-of-the-art emotion classification accuracy on AffectNet dataset and near state-of-the-art results in age, gender and race recognition for UTKFace dataset. Moreover, it is shown that the usage of our neural network as a feature extractor of facial regions in video frames and concatenation of several statistical functions (mean, max, etc.) leads to 4.5\% higher accuracy than the previously known state-of-the-art single models for AFEW and VGAF datasets from the EmotiW challenges. The models and source code are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HSE-asavchenko/face-emotion-recognition" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.The GIST and RIST of Iterative Self-Training for Semi-Supervised Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17105.pdf)
>  We consider the task of semi-supervised semantic segmentation, where we aim to produce pixel-wise semantic object masks given only a small number of human-labeled training examples. We focus on iterative self-training methods in which we explore the behavior of self-training over multiple refinement stages. We show that iterative self-training leads to performance degradation if done naively with a fixed ratio of human-labeled to pseudo-labeled training examples. We propose Greedy Iterative Self-Training (GIST) and Random Iterative Self-Training (RIST) strategies that alternate between training on either human-labeled data or pseudo-labeled data at each refinement stage, resulting in a performance boost rather than degradation. We further show that GIST and RIST can be combined with existing SOTA methods to boost performance, yielding new SOTA results in Pascal VOC 2012 and Cityscapes dataset across five out of six subsets.      
### 30.Deep Image Harmonization by Bridging the Reality Gap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17104.pdf)
>  Image harmonization has been significantly advanced with large-scale harmonization dataset. However, the current way to build dataset is still labor-intensive, which adversely affects the extendability of dataset. To address this problem, we propose to construct a large-scale rendered harmonization dataset RHHarmony with fewer human efforts to augment the existing real-world dataset. To leverage both real-world images and rendered images, we propose a cross-domain harmonization network CharmNet to bridge the domain gap between two domains. Moreover, we also employ well-designed style classifiers and losses to facilitate cross-domain knowledge transfer. Extensive experiments demonstrate the potential of using rendered images for image harmonization and the effectiveness of our proposed network. Our dataset and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bcmi/Rendered_Image_Harmonization_Datasets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Deep adaptive fuzzy clustering for evolutionary unsupervised representation learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17086.pdf)
>  Cluster assignment of large and complex images is a crucial but challenging task in pattern recognition and computer vision. In this study, we explore the possibility of employing fuzzy clustering in a deep neural network framework. Thus, we present a novel evolutionary unsupervised learning representation model with iterative optimization. It implements the deep adaptive fuzzy clustering (DAFC) strategy that learns a convolutional neural network classifier from given only unlabeled data samples. DAFC consists of a deep feature quality-verifying model and a fuzzy clustering model, where deep feature representation learning loss function and embedded fuzzy clustering with the weighted adaptive entropy is implemented. We joint fuzzy clustering to the deep reconstruction model, in which fuzzy membership is utilized to represent a clear structure of deep cluster assignments and jointly optimize for the deep representation learning and clustering. Also, the joint model evaluates current clustering performance by inspecting whether the re-sampled data from estimated bottleneck space have consistent clustering properties to progressively improve the deep clustering model. Comprehensive experiments on a variety of datasets show that the proposed method obtains a substantially better performance for both reconstruction and clustering quality when compared to the other state-of-the-art deep clustering methods, as demonstrated with the in-depth analysis in the extensive experiments.      
### 32.DA-DETR: Domain Adaptive Detection Transformer by Hybrid Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17084.pdf)
>  The prevalent approach in domain adaptive object detection adopts a two-stage architecture (Faster R-CNN) that involves a number of hyper-parameters and hand-crafted designs such as anchors, region pooling, non-maximum suppression, etc. Such architecture makes it very complicated while adopting certain existing domain adaptation methods with different ways of feature alignment. In this work, we adopt a one-stage detector and design DA-DETR, a simple yet effective domain adaptive object detection network that performs inter-domain alignment with a single discriminator. DA-DETR introduces a hybrid attention module that explicitly pinpoints the hard-aligned features for simple yet effective alignment across domains. It greatly simplifies traditional domain adaptation pipelines by eliminating sophisticated routines that involve multiple adversarial learning frameworks with different types of features. Despite its simplicity, extensive experiments show that DA-DETR demonstrates superior accuracy as compared with highly-optimized state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 33.PiCIE: Unsupervised Semantic Segmentation using Invariance and Equivariance in Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17070.pdf)
>  We present a new framework for semantic segmentation without annotations via clustering. Off-the-shelf clustering methods are limited to curated, single-label, and object-centric images yet real-world data are dominantly uncurated, multi-label, and scene-centric. We extend clustering from images to pixels and assign separate cluster membership to different instances within each image. However, solely relying on pixel-wise feature similarity fails to learn high-level semantic concepts and overfits to low-level visual cues. We propose a method to incorporate geometric consistency as an inductive bias to learn invariance and equivariance for photometric and geometric variations. With our novel learning objective, our framework can learn high-level semantic concepts. Our method, PiCIE (Pixel-level feature Clustering using Invariance and Equivariance), is the first method capable of segmenting both things and stuff categories without any hyperparameter tuning or task-specific pre-processing. Our method largely outperforms existing baselines on COCO and Cityscapes with +17.5 Acc. and +4.5 mIoU. We show that PiCIE gives a better initialization for standard supervised training. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/janghyuncho/PiCIE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Smart Scribbles for Image Mating  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17062.pdf)
>  Image matting is an ill-posed problem that usually requires additional user input, such as trimaps or scribbles. Drawing a fne trimap requires a large amount of user effort, while using scribbles can hardly obtain satisfactory alpha mattes for non-professional users. Some recent deep learning-based matting networks rely on large-scale composite datasets for training to improve performance, resulting in the occasional appearance of obvious artifacts when processing natural images. In this article, we explore the intrinsic relationship between user input and alpha mattes and strike a balance between user effort and the quality of alpha mattes. In particular, we propose an interactive framework, referred to as smart scribbles, to guide users to draw few scribbles on the input images to produce high-quality alpha mattes. It frst infers the most informative regions of an image for drawing scribbles to indicate different categories (foreground, background, or unknown) and then spreads these scribbles (i.e., the category labels) to the rest of the image via our well-designed two-phase propagation. Both neighboring low-level afnities and high-level semantic features are considered during the propagation process. Our method can be optimized without large-scale matting datasets and exhibits more universality in real situations. Extensive experiments demonstrate that smart scribbles can produce more accurate alpha mattes with reduced additional input, compared to the state-of-the-art matting methods.      
### 35.SRA-LSTM: Social Relationship Attention LSTM for Human Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17045.pdf)
>  Pedestrian trajectory prediction for surveillance video is one of the important research topics in the field of computer vision and a key technology of intelligent surveillance systems. Social relationship among pedestrians is a key factor influencing pedestrian walking patterns but was mostly ignored in the literature. Pedestrians with different social relationships play different roles in the motion decision of target pedestrian. Motivated by this idea, we propose a Social Relationship Attention LSTM (SRA-LSTM) model to predict future trajectories. We design a social relationship encoder to obtain the representation of their social relationship through the relative position between each pair of pedestrians. Afterwards, the social relationship feature and latent movements are adopted to acquire the social relationship attention of this pair of pedestrians. Social interaction modeling is achieved by utilizing social relationship attention to aggregate movement information from neighbor pedestrians. Experimental results on two public walking pedestrian video datasets (ETH and UCY), our model achieves superior performance compared with state-of-the-art methods. Contrast experiments with other attention methods also demonstrate the effectiveness of social relationship attention.      
### 36.Layout-Guided Novel View Synthesis from a Single Indoor Panorama  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17022.pdf)
>  Existing view synthesis methods mainly focus on the perspective images and have shown promising results. However, due to the limited field-of-view of the pinhole camera, the performance quickly degrades when large camera movements are adopted. In this paper, we make the first attempt to generate novel views from a single indoor panorama and take the large camera translations into consideration. To tackle this challenging problem, we first use Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to extract the deep features and estimate the depth map from the source-view image. Then, we leverage the room layout prior, a strong structural constraint of the indoor scene, to guide the generation of target views. More concretely, we estimate the room layout in the source view and transform it into the target viewpoint as guidance. Meanwhile, we also constrain the room layout of the generated target-view images to enforce geometric consistency. To validate the effectiveness of our method, we further build a large-scale photo-realistic dataset containing both small and large camera translations. The experimental results on our challenging dataset demonstrate that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance. The project page is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bluestyle97/PNVS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Human Perception Modeling for Automatic Natural Image Matting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17020.pdf)
>  Natural image matting aims to precisely separate foreground objects from background using alpha matte. Fully automatic natural image matting without external annotation is quite challenging. Well-performed matting methods usually require accurate handcrafted trimap as extra input, which is labor-intensive and time-consuming, while the performance of automatic trimap generation method of dilating foreground segmentation fluctuates with segmentation quality. In this paper, we argue that how to handle trade-off of additional information input is a major issue in automatic matting, which we decompose into two subtasks: trimap and alpha estimation. By leveraging easily-accessible coarse annotations and modeling alpha matte handmade process of capturing rough foreground/background/transition boundary and carving delicate details in transition region, we propose an intuitively-designed trimap-free two-stage matting approach without additional annotations, e.g. trimap and background image. Specifically, given an image and its coarse foreground segmentation, Trimap Generation Network estimates probabilities of foreground, unknown, and background regions to guide alpha feature flow of our proposed Non-Local Matting network, which is equipped with trimap-guided global aggregation attention block. Experimental results show that our matting algorithm has competitive performance with current state-of-the-art methods in both trimap-free and trimap-needed aspects.      
### 38.Knowledge Distillation By Sparse Representation Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17012.pdf)
>  Knowledge Distillation refers to a class of methods that transfers the knowledge from a teacher network to a student network. In this paper, we propose Sparse Representation Matching (SRM), a method to transfer intermediate knowledge obtained from one Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to another by utilizing sparse representation learning. SRM first extracts sparse representations of the hidden features of the teacher CNN, which are then used to generate both pixel-level and image-level labels for training intermediate feature maps of the student network. We formulate SRM as a neural processing block, which can be efficiently optimized using stochastic gradient descent and integrated into any CNN in a plug-and-play manner. Our experiments demonstrate that SRM is robust to architectural differences between the teacher and student networks, and outperforms other KD techniques across several datasets.      
### 39.Near-field Sensing Architecture for Low-Speed Vehicle Automation using a Surround-view Fisheye Camera System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17001.pdf)
>  Cameras are the primary sensor in automated driving systems. They provide high information density and are optimal for detecting road infrastructure cues laid out for human vision. Surround view cameras typically comprise of four fisheye cameras with 190 field-of-view covering the entire 360 around the vehicle focused on near field sensing. They are the principal sensor for low-speed, high accuracy and close-range sensing applications, such as automated parking, traffic jam assistance and low-speed emergency braking. In this work, we describe our visual perception architecture on surround view cameras designed for a system deployed in commercial vehicles, provide a functional review of the different stages of such a computer vision system, and discuss some of the current technological challenges. We have designed our system into four modular components namely Recognition, Reconstruction, Relocalization and Reorganization. We jointly call this the 4R Architecture. We discuss how each component accomplishes a specific aspect and how they are synergized to form a complete system. Qualitative results are presented in the video at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/ae8bCOF77uY" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 40.Neural Surface Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16942.pdf)
>  Maps are arguably one of the most fundamental concepts used to define and operate on manifold surfaces in differentiable geometry. Accordingly, in geometry processing, maps are ubiquitous and are used in many core applications, such as paramterization, shape analysis, remeshing, and deformation. Unfortunately, most computational representations of surface maps do not lend themselves to manipulation and optimization, usually entailing hard, discrete problems. While algorithms exist to solve these problems, they are problem-specific, and a general framework for surface maps is still in need. In this paper, we advocate considering neural networks as encoding surface maps. Since neural networks can be composed on one another and are differentiable, we show it is easy to use them to define surfaces via atlases, compose them for surface-to-surface mappings, and optimize differentiable objectives relating to them, such as any notion of distortion, in a trivial manner. In our experiments, we represent surfaces by generating a neural map that approximates a UV parameterization of a 3D model. Then, we compose this map with other neural maps which we optimize with respect to distortion measures. We show that our formulation enables trivial optimization of rather elusive mapping tasks, such as maps between a collection of surfaces.      
### 41.Learning with Memory-based Virtual Classes for Deep Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16940.pdf)
>  The core of deep metric learning (DML) involves learning visual similarities in high-dimensional embedding space. One of the main challenges is to generalize from seen classes of training data to unseen classes of test data. Recent works have focused on exploiting past embeddings to increase the number of instances for the seen classes. Such methods achieve performance improvement via augmentation, while the strong focus on seen classes still remains. This can be undesirable for DML, where training and test data exhibit entirely different classes. In this work, we present a novel training strategy for DML called MemVir. Unlike previous works, MemVir memorizes both embedding features and class weights to utilize them as additional virtual classes. The exploitation of virtual classes not only utilizes augmented information for training but also alleviates a strong focus on seen classes for better generalization. Moreover, we embed the idea of curriculum learning by slowly adding virtual classes for a gradual increase in learning difficulty, which improves the learning stability as well as the final performance. MemVir can be easily applied to many existing loss functions without any modification. Extensive experimental results on famous benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of MemVir over state-of-the-art competitors. Code of MemVir will be publicly available.      
### 42.Unpaired Single-Image Depth Synthesis with cycle-consistent Wasserstein GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16938.pdf)
>  Real-time estimation of actual environment depth is an essential module for various autonomous system tasks such as localization, obstacle detection and pose estimation. During the last decade of machine learning, extensive deployment of deep learning methods to computer vision tasks yielded successful approaches for realistic depth synthesis out of a simple RGB modality. While most of these models rest on paired depth data or availability of video sequences and stereo images, there is a lack of methods facing single-image depth synthesis in an unsupervised manner. Therefore, in this study, latest advancements in the field of generative neural networks are leveraged to fully unsupervised single-image depth synthesis. To be more exact, two cycle-consistent generators for RGB-to-depth and depth-to-RGB transfer are implemented and simultaneously optimized using the Wasserstein-1 distance. To ensure plausibility of the proposed method, we apply the models to a self acquised industrial data set as well as to the renown NYU Depth v2 data set, which allows comparison with existing approaches. The observed success in this study suggests high potential for unpaired single-image depth estimation in real world applications.      
### 43.Few-Data Guided Learning Upon End-to-End Point Cloud Network for 3D Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16927.pdf)
>  3D face recognition has shown its potential in many application scenarios. Among numerous 3D face recognition methods, deep-learning-based methods have developed vigorously in recent years. In this paper, an end-to-end deep learning network entitled Sur3dNet-Face for point-cloud-based 3D face recognition is proposed. The network uses PointNet as the backbone, which is a successful point cloud classification solution but does not work properly in face recognition. Supplemented with modifications in network architecture and a few-data guided learning framework based on Gaussian process morphable model, the backbone is successfully modified for 3D face recognition. Different from existing methods training with a large amount of data in multiple datasets, our method uses Spring2003 subset of FRGC v2.0 for training which contains only 943 facial scans, and the network is well trained with the guidance of such a small amount of real data. Without fine-tuning on the test set, the Rank-1 Recognition Rate (RR1) is achieved as follows: 98.85% on FRGC v2.0 dataset and 99.33% on Bosphorus dataset, which proves the effectiveness and the potentiality of our method.      
### 44.Using depth information and colour space variations for improving outdoor robustness for instance segmentation of cabbage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16923.pdf)
>  Image-based yield detection in agriculture could raiseharvest efficiency and cultivation performance of farms. Following this goal, this research focuses on improving instance segmentation of field crops under varying environmental conditions. Five data sets of cabbage plants were recorded under varying lighting outdoor conditions. The images were acquired using a commercial mono camera. Additionally, depth information was generated out of the image stream with Structure-from-Motion (SfM). A Mask R-CNN was used to detect and segment the cabbage heads. The influence of depth information and different colour space representations were analysed. The results showed that depth combined with colour information leads to a segmentation accuracy increase of 7.1%. By describing colour information by colour spaces using light and saturation information combined with depth information, additional segmentation improvements of 16.5% could be reached. The CIELAB colour space combined with a depth information layer showed the best results achieving a mean average precision of 75.      
### 45.Generating Multi-scale Maps from Remote Sensing Images via Series Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16909.pdf)
>  Considering the success of generative adversarial networks (GANs) for image-to-image translation, researchers have attempted to translate remote sensing images (RSIs) to maps (rs2map) through GAN for cartography. However, these studies involved limited scales, which hinders multi-scale map creation. By extending their method, multi-scale RSIs can be trivially translated to multi-scale maps (multi-scale rs2map translation) through scale-wise rs2map models trained for certain scales (parallel strategy). However, this strategy has two theoretical limitations. First, inconsistency between various spatial resolutions of multi-scale RSIs and object generalization on multi-scale maps (RS-m inconsistency) increasingly complicate the extraction of geographical information from RSIs for rs2map models with decreasing scale. Second, as rs2map translation is cross-domain, generators incur high computation costs to transform the RSI pixel distribution to that on maps. Thus, we designed a series strategy of generators for multi-scale rs2map translation to address these limitations. In this strategy, high-resolution RSIs are inputted to an rs2map model to output large-scale maps, which are translated to multi-scale maps through series multi-scale map translation models. The series strategy avoids RS-m inconsistency as inputs are high-resolution large-scale RSIs, and reduces the distribution gap in multi-scale map generation through similar pixel distributions among multi-scale maps. Our experimental results showed better quality multi-scale map generation with the series strategy, as shown by average increases of 11.69%, 53.78%, 55.42%, and 72.34% in the structural similarity index, edge structural similarity index, intersection over union (road), and intersection over union (water) for data from Mexico City and Tokyo at zoom level 17-13.      
### 46.Joint Learning of Neural Transfer and Architecture Adaptation for Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16889.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art visual recognition systems usually rely on the following pipeline: (a) pretraining a neural network on a large-scale dataset (e.g., ImageNet) and (b) finetuning the network weights on a smaller, task-specific dataset. Such a pipeline assumes the sole weight adaptation is able to transfer the network capability from one domain to another domain, based on a strong assumption that a fixed architecture is appropriate for all domains. However, each domain with a distinct recognition target may need different levels/paths of feature hierarchy, where some neurons may become redundant, and some others are re-activated to form new network structures. In this work, we prove that dynamically adapting network architectures tailored for each domain task along with weight finetuning benefits in both efficiency and effectiveness, compared to the existing image recognition pipeline that only tunes the weights regardless of the architecture. Our method can be easily generalized to an unsupervised paradigm by replacing supernet training with self-supervised learning in the source domain tasks and performing linear evaluation in the downstream tasks. This further improves the search efficiency of our method. Moreover, we also provide principled and empirical analysis to explain why our approach works by investigating the ineffectiveness of existing neural architecture search. We find that preserving the joint distribution of the network architecture and weights is of importance. This analysis not only benefits image recognition but also provides insights for crafting neural networks. Experiments on five representative image recognition tasks such as person re-identification, age estimation, gender recognition, image classification, and unsupervised domain adaptation demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.      
### 47.Neural Response Interpretation through the Lens of Critical Pathways  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16886.pdf)
>  Is critical input information encoded in specific sparse pathways within the neural network? In this work, we discuss the problem of identifying these critical pathways and subsequently leverage them for interpreting the network's response to an input. The pruning objective -- selecting the smallest group of neurons for which the response remains equivalent to the original network -- has been previously proposed for identifying critical pathways. We demonstrate that sparse pathways derived from pruning do not necessarily encode critical input information. To ensure sparse pathways include critical fragments of the encoded input information, we propose pathway selection via neurons' contribution to the response. We proceed to explain how critical pathways can reveal critical input features. We prove that pathways selected via neuron contribution are locally linear (in an L2-ball), a property that we use for proposing a feature attribution method: "pathway gradient". We validate our interpretation method using mainstream evaluation experiments. The validation of pathway gradient interpretation method further confirms that selected pathways using neuron contributions correspond to critical input features. The code is publicly available.      
### 48.ArtFlow: Unbiased Image Style Transfer via Reversible Neural Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16877.pdf)
>  Universal style transfer retains styles from reference images in content images. While existing methods have achieved state-of-the-art style transfer performance, they are not aware of the content leak phenomenon that the image content may corrupt after several rounds of stylization process. In this paper, we propose ArtFlow to prevent content leak during universal style transfer. ArtFlow consists of reversible neural flows and an unbiased feature transfer module. It supports both forward and backward inferences and operates in a projection-transfer-reversion scheme. The forward inference projects input images into deep features, while the backward inference remaps deep features back to input images in a lossless and unbiased way. Extensive experiments demonstrate that ArtFlow achieves comparable performance to state-of-the-art style transfer methods while avoiding content leak.      
### 49.VITON-HD: High-Resolution Virtual Try-On via Misalignment-Aware Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16874.pdf)
>  The task of image-based virtual try-on aims to transfer a target clothing item onto the corresponding region of a person, which is commonly tackled by fitting the item to the desired body part and fusing the warped item with the person. While an increasing number of studies have been conducted, the resolution of synthesized images is still limited to low (e.g., 256x192), which acts as the critical limitation against satisfying online consumers. We argue that the limitation stems from several challenges: as the resolution increases, the artifacts in the misaligned areas between the warped clothes and the desired clothing regions become noticeable in the final results; the architectures used in existing methods have low performance in generating high-quality body parts and maintaining the texture sharpness of the clothes. To address the challenges, we propose a novel virtual try-on method called VITON-HD that successfully synthesizes 1024x768 virtual try-on images. Specifically, we first prepare the segmentation map to guide our virtual try-on synthesis, and then roughly fit the target clothing item to a given person's body. Next, we propose ALIgnment-Aware Segment (ALIAS) normalization and ALIAS generator to handle the misaligned areas and preserve the details of 1024x768 inputs. Through rigorous comparison with existing methods, we demonstrate that VITON-HD highly sur-passes the baselines in terms of synthesized image quality both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 50.Robust Registration of Multimodal Remote Sensing Images Based on Structural Similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16871.pdf)
>  Automatic registration of multimodal remote sensing data (e.g., optical, LiDAR, SAR) is a challenging task due to the significant non-linear radiometric differences between these data. To address this problem, this paper proposes a novel feature descriptor named the Histogram of Orientated Phase Congruency (HOPC), which is based on the structural properties of images. Furthermore, a similarity metric named HOPCncc is defined, which uses the normalized correlation coefficient (NCC) of the HOPC descriptors for multimodal registration. In the definition of the proposed similarity metric, we first extend the phase congruency model to generate its orientation representation, and use the extended model to build HOPCncc. Then a fast template matching scheme for this metric is designed to detect the control points between images. The proposed HOPCncc aims to capture the structural similarity between images, and has been tested with a variety of optical, LiDAR, SAR and map data. The results show that HOPCncc is robust against complex non-linear radiometric differences and outperforms the state-of-the-art similarities metrics (i.e., NCC and mutual information) in matching performance. Moreover, a robust registration method is also proposed in this paper based on HOPCncc, which is evaluated using six pairs of multimodal remote sensing images. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method for multimodal image registration.      
### 51.Robust Facial Expression Recognition with Convolutional Visual Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16854.pdf)
>  Facial Expression Recognition (FER) in the wild is extremely challenging due to occlusions, variant head poses, face deformation and motion blur under unconstrained conditions. Although substantial progresses have been made in automatic FER in the past few decades, previous studies are mainly designed for lab-controlled FER. Real-world occlusions, variant head poses and other issues definitely increase the difficulty of FER on account of these information-deficient regions and complex backgrounds. Different from previous pure CNNs based methods, we argue that it is feasible and practical to translate facial images into sequences of visual words and perform expression recognition from a global perspective. Therefore, we propose Convolutional Visual Transformers to tackle FER in the wild by two main steps. First, we propose an attentional selective fusion (ASF) for leveraging the feature maps generated by two-branch CNNs. The ASF captures discriminative information by fusing multiple features with global-local attention. The fused feature maps are then flattened and projected into sequences of visual words. Second, inspired by the success of Transformers in natural language processing, we propose to model relationships between these visual words with global self-attention. The proposed method are evaluated on three public in-the-wild facial expression datasets (RAF-DB, FERPlus and AffectNet). Under the same settings, extensive experiments demonstrate that our method shows superior performance over other methods, setting new state of the art on RAF-DB with 88.14%, FERPlus with 88.81% and AffectNet with 61.85%. We also conduct cross-dataset evaluation on CK+ show the generalization capability of the proposed method.      
### 52.Attention Map-guided Two-stage Anomaly Detection using Hard Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16851.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection is a task that recognizes whether an input sample is included in the distribution of a target normal class or an anomaly class. Conventional generative adversarial network (GAN)-based methods utilize an entire image including foreground and background as an input. However, in these methods, a useless region unrelated to the normal class (e.g., unrelated background) is learned as normal class distribution, thereby leading to false detection. To alleviate this problem, this paper proposes a novel two-stage network consisting of an attention network and an anomaly detection GAN (ADGAN). The attention network generates an attention map that can indicate the region representing the normal class distribution. To generate an accurate attention map, we propose the attention loss and the adversarial anomaly loss based on synthetic anomaly samples generated from hard augmentation. By applying the attention map to an image feature map, ADGAN learns the normal class distribution from which the useless region is removed, and it is possible to greatly reduce the problem difficulty of the anomaly detection task. Additionally, the estimated attention map can be used for anomaly segmentation because it can distinguish between normal and anomaly regions. As a result, the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art anomaly detection and anomaly segmentation methods for widely used datasets.      
### 53.Embracing Uncertainty: Decoupling and De-bias for Robust Temporal Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16848.pdf)
>  Temporal grounding aims to localize temporal boundaries within untrimmed videos by language queries, but it faces the challenge of two types of inevitable human uncertainties: query uncertainty and label uncertainty. The two uncertainties stem from human subjectivity, leading to limited generalization ability of temporal grounding. In this work, we propose a novel DeNet (Decoupling and De-bias) to embrace human uncertainty: Decoupling - We explicitly disentangle each query into a relation feature and a modified feature. The relation feature, which is mainly based on skeleton-like words (including nouns and verbs), aims to extract basic and consistent information in the presence of query uncertainty. Meanwhile, modified feature assigned with style-like words (including adjectives, adverbs, etc) represents the subjective information, and thus brings personalized predictions; De-bias - We propose a de-bias mechanism to generate diverse predictions, aim to alleviate the bias caused by single-style annotations in the presence of label uncertainty. Moreover, we put forward new multi-label metrics to diversify the performance evaluation. Extensive experiments show that our approach is more effective and robust than state-of-the-arts on Charades-STA and ActivityNet Captions datasets.      
### 54.Fixing the Teacher-Student Knowledge Discrepancy in Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16844.pdf)
>  Training a small student network with the guidance of a larger teacher network is an effective way to promote the performance of the student. Despite the different types, the guided knowledge used to distill is always kept unchanged for different teacher and student pairs in previous knowledge distillation methods. However, we find that teacher and student models with different networks or trained from different initialization could have distinct feature representations among different channels. (e.g. the high activated channel for different categories). We name this incongruous representation of channels as teacher-student knowledge discrepancy in the distillation process. Ignoring the knowledge discrepancy problem of teacher and student models will make the learning of student from teacher more difficult. To solve this problem, in this paper, we propose a novel student-dependent distillation method, knowledge consistent distillation, which makes teacher's knowledge more consistent with the student and provides the best suitable knowledge to different student networks for distillation. Extensive experiments on different datasets (CIFAR100, ImageNet, COCO) and tasks (image classification, object detection) reveal the widely existing knowledge discrepancy problem between teachers and students and demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method. Our method is very flexible that can be easily combined with other state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 55.Channel-Based Attention for LCC Using Sentinel-2 Time Series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16836.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are getting increasing attention to deal with Land Cover Classification (LCC) relying on Satellite Image Time Series (SITS). Though high performances can be achieved, the rationale of a prediction yielded by a DNN often remains unclear. An architecture expressing predictions with respect to input channels is thus proposed in this paper. It relies on convolutional layers and an attention mechanism weighting the importance of each channel in the final classification decision. The correlation between channels is taken into account to set up shared kernels and lower model complexity. Experiments based on a Sentinel-2 SITS show promising results.      
### 56.ReMix: Towards Image-to-Image Translation with Limited Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16835.pdf)
>  Image-to-image (I2I) translation methods based on generative adversarial networks (GANs) typically suffer from overfitting when limited training data is available. In this work, we propose a data augmentation method (ReMix) to tackle this issue. We interpolate training samples at the feature level and propose a novel content loss based on the perceptual relations among samples. The generator learns to translate the in-between samples rather than memorizing the training set, and thereby forces the discriminator to generalize. The proposed approach effectively reduces the ambiguity of generation and renders content-preserving results. The ReMix method can be easily incorporated into existing GAN models with minor modifications. Experimental results on numerous tasks demonstrate that GAN models equipped with the ReMix method achieve significant improvements.      
### 57.Online Learning of a Probabilistic and Adaptive Scene Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16832.pdf)
>  Constructing and maintaining a consistent scene model on-the-fly is the core task for online spatial perception, interpretation, and action. In this paper, we represent the scene with a Bayesian nonparametric mixture model, seamlessly describing per-point occupancy status with a continuous probability density function. Instead of following the conventional data fusion paradigm, we address the problem of online learning the process how sequential point cloud data are generated from the scene geometry. An incremental and parallel inference is performed to update the parameter space in real-time. We experimentally show that the proposed representation achieves state-of-the-art accuracy with promising efficiency. The consistent probabilistic formulation assures a generative model that is adaptive to different sensor characteristics, and the model complexity can be dynamically adjusted on-the-fly according to different data scales.      
### 58.Convolutional Hough Matching Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16831.pdf)
>  Despite advances in feature representation, leveraging geometric relations is crucial for establishing reliable visual correspondences under large variations of images. In this work we introduce a Hough transform perspective on convolutional matching and propose an effective geometric matching algorithm, dubbed Convolutional Hough Matching (CHM). The method distributes similarities of candidate matches over a geometric transformation space and evaluate them in a convolutional manner. We cast it into a trainable neural layer with a semi-isotropic high-dimensional kernel, which learns non-rigid matching with a small number of interpretable parameters. To validate the effect, we develop the neural network with CHM layers that perform convolutional matching in the space of translation and scaling. Our method sets a new state of the art on standard benchmarks for semantic visual correspondence, proving its strong robustness to challenging intra-class variations.      
### 59.Spatial Content Alignment For Pose Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16828.pdf)
>  Due to unreliable geometric matching and content misalignment, most conventional pose transfer algorithms fail to generate fine-trained person images. In this paper, we propose a novel framework Spatial Content Alignment GAN (SCAGAN) which aims to enhance the content consistency of garment textures and the details of human characteristics. We first alleviate the spatial misalignment by transferring the edge content to the target pose in advance. Secondly, we introduce a new Content-Style DeBlk which can progressively synthesize photo-realistic person images based on the appearance features of the source image, the target pose heatmap and the prior transferred content in edge domain. We compare the proposed framework with several state-of-the-art methods to show its superiority in quantitative and qualitative analysis. Moreover, detailed ablation study results demonstrate the efficacy of our contributions. Codes are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/rocketappslab/SCA-GAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 60.Self-Regression Learning for Blind Hyperspectral Image Fusion Without Label  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16806.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral image fusion (HIF) is critical to a wide range of applications in remote sensing and many computer vision applications. Most traditional HIF methods assume that the observation model is predefined or known. However, in real applications, the observation model involved are often complicated and unknown, which leads to the serious performance drop of many advanced HIF methods. Also, deep learning methods can achieve outstanding performance, but they generally require a large number of image pairs for model training, which are difficult to obtain in realistic scenarios. Towards these issues, we proposed a self-regression learning method that alternatively reconstructs hyperspectral image (HSI) and estimate the observation model. In particular, we adopt an invertible neural network (INN) for restoring the HSI, and two fully-connected network (FCN) for estimating the observation model. Moreover, \emph{SoftMax} nonlinearity is applied to the FCN for satisfying the non-negative, sparsity and equality constraints. Besides, we proposed a local consistency loss function to constrain the observation model by exploring domain specific knowledge. Finally, we proposed an angular loss function to improve spectral reconstruction accuracy. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real-world dataset show that our model can outperform the state-of-the-art methods      
### 61.Multi-Class Multi-Instance Count Conditioned Adversarial Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16795.pdf)
>  Image generation has rapidly evolved in recent years. Modern architectures for adversarial training allow to generate even high resolution images with remarkable quality. At the same time, more and more effort is dedicated towards controlling the content of generated images. In this paper, we take one further step in this direction and propose a conditional generative adversarial network (GAN) that generates images with a defined number of objects from given classes. This entails two fundamental abilities (1) being able to generate high-quality images given a complex constraint and (2) being able to count object instances per class in a given image. Our proposed model modularly extends the successful StyleGAN2 architecture with a count-based conditioning as well as with a regression sub-network to count the number of generated objects per class during training. In experiments on three different datasets, we show that the proposed model learns to generate images according to the given multiple-class count condition even in the presence of complex backgrounds. In particular, we propose a new dataset, CityCount, which is derived from the Cityscapes street scenes dataset, to evaluate our approach in a challenging and practically relevant scenario.      
### 62.Learning Camera Localization via Dense Scene Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16792.pdf)
>  Camera localization aims to estimate 6 DoF camera poses from RGB images. Traditional methods detect and match interest points between a query image and a pre-built 3D model. Recent learning-based approaches encode scene structures into a specific convolutional neural network (CNN) and thus are able to predict dense coordinates from RGB images. However, most of them require re-training or re-adaption for a new scene and have difficulties in handling large-scale scenes due to limited network capacity. We present a new method for scene agnostic camera localization using dense scene matching (DSM), where a cost volume is constructed between a query image and a scene. The cost volume and the corresponding coordinates are processed by a CNN to predict dense coordinates. Camera poses can then be solved by PnP algorithms. In addition, our method can be extended to temporal domain, which leads to extra performance boost during testing time. Our scene-agnostic approach achieves comparable accuracy as the existing scene-specific approaches, such as KFNet, on the 7scenes and Cambridge benchmark. This approach also remarkably outperforms state-of-the-art scene-agnostic dense coordinate regression network SANet. The Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Tangshitao/Dense-Scene-Matching" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 63.DER: Dynamically Expandable Representation for Class Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16788.pdf)
>  We address the problem of class incremental learning, which is a core step towards achieving adaptive vision intelligence. In particular, we consider the task setting of incremental learning with limited memory and aim to achieve better stability-plasticity trade-off. To this end, we propose a novel two-stage learning approach that utilizes a dynamically expandable representation for more effective incremental concept modeling. Specifically, at each incremental step, we freeze the previously learned representation and augment it with additional feature dimensions from a new learnable feature extractor. This enables us to integrate new visual concepts with retaining learned knowledge. We dynamically expand the representation according to the complexity of novel concepts by introducing a channel-level mask-based pruning strategy. Moreover, we introduce an auxiliary loss to encourage the model to learn diverse and discriminate features for novel concepts. We conduct extensive experiments on the three class incremental learning benchmarks and our method consistently outperforms other methods with a large margin.      
### 64.PAUL: Procrustean Autoencoder for Unsupervised Lifting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16773.pdf)
>  Recent success in casting Non-rigid Structure from Motion (NRSfM) as an unsupervised deep learning problem has raised fundamental questions about what novelty in NRSfM prior could the deep learning offer. In this paper we advocate for a 3D deep auto-encoder framework to be used explicitly as the NRSfM prior. The framework is unique as: (i) it learns the 3D auto-encoder weights solely from 2D projected measurements, and (ii) it is Procrustean in that it jointly resolves the unknown rigid pose for each shape instance. We refer to this architecture as a Procustean Autoencoder for Unsupervised Lifting (PAUL), and demonstrate state-of-the-art performance across a number of benchmarks in comparison to recent innovations such as Deep NRSfM and C3PDO.      
### 65.Topology-Preserving 3D Image Segmentation Based On Hyperelastic Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16768.pdf)
>  Image segmentation is to extract meaningful objects from a given image. For degraded images due to occlusions, obscurities or noises, the accuracy of the segmentation result can be severely affected. To alleviate this problem, prior information about the target object is usually introduced. In [10], a topology-preserving registration-based segmentation model was proposed, which is restricted to segment 2D images only. In this paper, we propose a novel 3D topology-preserving registration-based segmentation model with the hyperelastic regularization, which can handle both 2D and 3D images. The existence of the solution of the proposed model is established. We also propose a converging iterative scheme to solve the proposed model. Numerical experiments have been carried out on the synthetic and real images, which demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed model.      
### 66.Prototypical Cross-domain Self-supervised Learning for Few-shot Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16765.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) transfers predictive models from a fully-labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. In some applications, however, it is expensive even to collect labels in the source domain, making most previous works impractical. To cope with this problem, recent work performed instance-wise cross-domain self-supervised learning, followed by an additional fine-tuning stage. However, the instance-wise self-supervised learning only learns and aligns low-level discriminative features. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end Prototypical Cross-domain Self-Supervised Learning (PCS) framework for Few-shot Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (FUDA). PCS not only performs cross-domain low-level feature alignment, but it also encodes and aligns semantic structures in the shared embedding space across domains. Our framework captures category-wise semantic structures of the data by in-domain prototypical contrastive learning; and performs feature alignment through cross-domain prototypical self-supervision. Compared with state-of-the-art methods, PCS improves the mean classification accuracy over different domain pairs on FUDA by 10.5%, 3.5%, 9.0%, and 13.2% on Office, Office-Home, VisDA-2017, and DomainNet, respectively. Our project page is at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://xyue.io/pcs-fuda/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 67.Weakly-Supervised Image Semantic Segmentation Using Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16762.pdf)
>  This work addresses weakly-supervised image semantic segmentation based on image-level class labels. One common approach to this task is to propagate the activation scores of Class Activation Maps (CAMs) using a random-walk mechanism in order to arrive at complete pseudo labels for training a semantic segmentation network in a fully-supervised manner. However, the feed-forward nature of the random walk imposes no regularization on the quality of the resulting complete pseudo labels. To overcome this issue, we propose a Graph Convolutional Network (GCN)-based feature propagation framework. We formulate the generation of complete pseudo labels as a semi-supervised learning task and learn a 2-layer GCN separately for every training image by back-propagating a Laplacian and an entropy regularization loss. Experimental results on the PASCAL VOC 2012 dataset confirm the superiority of our scheme to several state-of-the-art baselines. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Xavier-Pan/WSGCN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 68.Facial Masks and Soft-Biometrics: Leveraging Face Recognition CNNs for Age and Gender Prediction on Mobile Ocular Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16760.pdf)
>  We address the use of selfie ocular images captured with smartphones to estimate age and gender. Partial face occlusion has become an issue due to the mandatory use of face masks. Also, the use of mobile devices has exploded, with the pandemic further accelerating the migration to digital services. However, state-of-the-art solutions in related tasks such as identity or expression recognition employ large Convolutional Neural Networks, whose use in mobile devices is infeasible due to hardware limitations and size restrictions of downloadable applications. To counteract this, we adapt two existing lightweight CNNs proposed in the context of the ImageNet Challenge, and two additional architectures proposed for mobile face recognition. Since datasets for soft-biometrics prediction using selfie images are limited, we counteract over-fitting by using networks pre-trained on ImageNet. Furthermore, some networks are further pre-trained for face recognition, for which very large training databases are available. Since both tasks employ similar input data, we hypothesize that such strategy can be beneficial for soft-biometrics estimation. A comprehensive study of the effects of different pre-training over the employed architectures is carried out, showing that, in most cases, a better accuracy is obtained after the networks have been fine-tuned for face recognition.      
### 69.Evaluation of Multimodal Semantic Segmentation using RGB-D Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16758.pdf)
>  Our goal is to develop stable, accurate, and robust semantic scene understanding methods for wide-area scene perception and understanding, especially in challenging outdoor environments. To achieve this, we are exploring and evaluating a range of related technology and solutions, including AI-driven multimodal scene perception, fusion, processing, and understanding. This work reports our efforts on the evaluation of a state-of-the-art approach for semantic segmentation with multiple RGB and depth sensing data. We employ four large datasets composed of diverse urban and terrain scenes and design various experimental methods and metrics. In addition, we also develop new strategies of multi-datasets learning to improve the detection and recognition of unseen objects. Extensive experiments, implementations, and results are reported in the paper.      
### 70.Dual Contrastive Loss and Attention for GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16748.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) produce impressive results on unconditional image generation when powered with large-scale image datasets. Yet generated images are still easy to spot especially on datasets with high variance (e.g. bedroom, church). In this paper, we propose various improvements to further push the boundaries in image generation. Specifically, we propose a novel dual contrastive loss and show that, with this loss, discriminator learns more generalized and distinguishable representations to incentivize generation. In addition, we revisit attention and extensively experiment with different attention blocks in the generator. We find attention to be still an important module for successful image generation even though it was not used in the recent state-of-the-art models. Lastly, we study different attention architectures in the discriminator, and propose a reference attention mechanism. By combining the strengths of these remedies, we improve the compelling state-of-the-art Frchet Inception Distance (FID) by at least 17.5% on several benchmark datasets. We obtain even more significant improvements on compositional synthetic scenes (up to 47.5% in FID).      
### 71.Towards More Flexible and Accurate Object Tracking with Natural Language: Algorithms and Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16746.pdf)
>  Tracking by natural language specification is a new rising research topic that aims at locating the target object in the video sequence based on its language description. Compared with traditional bounding box (BBox) based tracking, this setting guides object tracking with high-level semantic information, addresses the ambiguity of BBox, and links local and global search organically together. Those benefits may bring more flexible, robust and accurate tracking performance in practical scenarios. However, existing natural language initialized trackers are developed and compared on benchmark datasets proposed for tracking-by-BBox, which can't reflect the true power of tracking-by-language. In this work, we propose a new benchmark specifically dedicated to the tracking-by-language, including a large scale dataset, strong and diverse baseline methods. Specifically, we collect 2k video sequences (contains a total of 1,244,340 frames, 663 words) and split 1300/700 for the train/testing respectively. We densely annotate one sentence in English and corresponding bounding boxes of the target object for each video. We also introduce two new challenges into TNL2K for the object tracking task, i.e., adversarial samples and modality switch. A strong baseline method based on an adaptive local-global-search scheme is proposed for future works to compare. We believe this benchmark will greatly boost related researches on natural language guided tracking.      
### 72.Deep Simultaneous Optimisation of Sampling and Reconstruction for Multi-contrast MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16744.pdf)
>  MRI images of the same subject in different contrasts contain shared information, such as the anatomical structure. Utilizing the redundant information amongst the contrasts to sub-sample and faithfully reconstruct multi-contrast images could greatly accelerate the imaging speed, improve image quality and shorten scanning protocols. We propose an algorithm that generates the optimised sampling pattern and reconstruction scheme of one contrast (e.g. T2-weighted image) when images with different contrast (e.g. T1-weighted image) have been acquired. The proposed algorithm achieves increased PSNR and SSIM with the resulting optimal sampling pattern compared to other acquisition patterns and single contrast methods.      
### 73.SimPLE: Similar Pseudo Label Exploitation for Semi-Supervised Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16725.pdf)
>  A common classification task situation is where one has a large amount of data available for training, but only a small portion is annotated with class labels. The goal of semi-supervised training, in this context, is to improve classification accuracy by leverage information not only from labeled data but also from a large amount of unlabeled data. Recent works have developed significant improvements by exploring the consistency constrain between differently augmented labeled and unlabeled data. Following this path, we propose a novel unsupervised objective that focuses on the less studied relationship between the high confidence unlabeled data that are similar to each other. The new proposed Pair Loss minimizes the statistical distance between high confidence pseudo labels with similarity above a certain threshold. Combining the Pair Loss with the techniques developed by the MixMatch family, our proposed SimPLE algorithm shows significant performance gains over previous algorithms on CIFAR-100 and Mini-ImageNet, and is on par with the state-of-the-art methods on CIFAR-10 and SVHN. Furthermore, SimPLE also outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in the transfer learning setting, where models are initialized by the weights pre-trained on ImageNet or DomainNet-Real. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/zijian-hu/SimPLE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 74.DynOcc: Learning Single-View Depth from Dynamic Occlusion Cues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16706.pdf)
>  Recently, significant progress has been made in single-view depth estimation thanks to increasingly large and diverse depth datasets. However, these datasets are largely limited to specific application domains (e.g. indoor, autonomous driving) or static in-the-wild scenes due to hardware constraints or technical limitations of 3D reconstruction. In this paper, we introduce the first depth dataset DynOcc consisting of dynamic in-the-wild scenes. Our approach leverages the occlusion cues in these dynamic scenes to infer depth relationships between points of selected video frames. To achieve accurate occlusion detection and depth order estimation, we employ a novel occlusion boundary detection, filtering and thinning scheme followed by a robust foreground/background classification method. In total our DynOcc dataset contains 22M depth pairs out of 91K frames from a diverse set of videos. Using our dataset we achieved state-of-the-art results measured in weighted human disagreement rate (WHDR). We also show that the inferred depth maps trained with DynOcc can preserve sharper depth boundaries.      
### 75.Geometric Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16694.pdf)
>  Simulators can efficiently generate large amounts of labeled synthetic data with perfect supervision for hard-to-label tasks like semantic segmentation. However, they introduce a domain gap that severely hurts real-world performance. We propose to use self-supervised monocular depth estimation as a proxy task to bridge this gap and improve sim-to-real unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA). Our Geometric Unsupervised Domain Adaptation method (GUDA) learns a domain-invariant representation via a multi-task objective combining synthetic semantic supervision with real-world geometric constraints on videos. GUDA establishes a new state of the art in UDA for semantic segmentation on three benchmarks, outperforming methods that use domain adversarial learning, self-training, or other self-supervised proxy tasks. Furthermore, we show that our method scales well with the quality and quantity of synthetic data while also improving depth prediction.      
### 76.Sparse Auxiliary Networks for Unified Monocular Depth Prediction and Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16690.pdf)
>  Estimating scene geometry from data obtained with cost-effective sensors is key for robots and self-driving cars. In this paper, we study the problem of predicting dense depth from a single RGB image (monodepth) with optional sparse measurements from low-cost active depth sensors. We introduce Sparse Auxiliary Networks (SANs), a new module enabling monodepth networks to perform both the tasks of depth prediction and completion, depending on whether only RGB images or also sparse point clouds are available at inference time. First, we decouple the image and depth map encoding stages using sparse convolutions to process only the valid depth map pixels. Second, we inject this information, when available, into the skip connections of the depth prediction network, augmenting its features. Through extensive experimental analysis on one indoor (NYUv2) and two outdoor (KITTI and DDAD) benchmarks, we demonstrate that our proposed SAN architecture is able to simultaneously learn both tasks, while achieving a new state of the art in depth prediction by a significant margin.      
### 77.Denoise and Contrast for Category Agnostic Shape Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16671.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a deep learning model that exploits the power of self-supervision to perform 3D point cloud completion, estimating the missing part and a context region around it. Local and global information are encoded in a combined embedding. A denoising pretext task provides the network with the needed local cues, decoupled from the high-level semantics and naturally shared over multiple classes. On the other hand, contrastive learning maximizes the agreement between variants of the same shape with different missing portions, thus producing a representation which captures the global appearance of the shape. The combined embedding inherits category-agnostic properties from the chosen pretext tasks. Differently from existing approaches, this allows to better generalize the completion properties to new categories unseen at training time. Moreover, while decoding the obtained joint representation, we better blend the reconstructed missing part with the partial shape by paying attention to its known surrounding region and reconstructing this frame as auxiliary objective. Our extensive experiments and detailed ablation on the ShapeNet dataset show the effectiveness of each part of the method with new state of the art results. Our quantitative and qualitative analysis confirms how our approach is able to work on novel categories without relying neither on classification and shape symmetry priors, nor on adversarial training procedures.      
### 78.Contrastive Learning of Single-Cell Phenotypic Representations for Treatment Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16670.pdf)
>  Learning robust representations to discriminate cell phenotypes based on microscopy images is important for drug discovery. Drug development efforts typically analyse thousands of cell images to screen for potential treatments. Early works focus on creating hand-engineered features from these images or learn such features with deep neural networks in a fully or weakly-supervised framework. Both require prior knowledge or labelled datasets. Therefore, subsequent works propose unsupervised approaches based on generative models to learn these representations. Recently, representations learned with self-supervised contrastive loss-based methods have yielded state-of-the-art results on various imaging tasks compared to earlier unsupervised approaches. In this work, we leverage a contrastive learning framework to learn appropriate representations from single-cell fluorescent microscopy images for the task of Mechanism-of-Action classification. The proposed work is evaluated on the annotated BBBC021 dataset, and we obtain state-of-the-art results in NSC, NCSB and drop metrics for an unsupervised approach. We observe an improvement of 10% in NCSB accuracy and 11% in NSC-NSCB drop over the previously best unsupervised method. Moreover, the performance of our unsupervised approach ties with the best supervised approach. Additionally, we observe that our framework performs well even without post-processing, unlike earlier methods. With this, we conclude that one can learn robust cell representations with contrastive learning.      
### 79.DAP: Detection-Aware Pre-training with Weak Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16651.pdf)
>  This paper presents a detection-aware pre-training (DAP) approach, which leverages only weakly-labeled classification-style datasets (e.g., ImageNet) for pre-training, but is specifically tailored to benefit object detection tasks. In contrast to the widely used image classification-based pre-training (e.g., on ImageNet), which does not include any location-related training tasks, we transform a classification dataset into a detection dataset through a weakly supervised object localization method based on Class Activation Maps to directly pre-train a detector, making the pre-trained model location-aware and capable of predicting bounding boxes. We show that DAP can outperform the traditional classification pre-training in terms of both sample efficiency and convergence speed in downstream detection tasks including VOC and COCO. In particular, DAP boosts the detection accuracy by a large margin when the number of examples in the downstream task is small.      
### 80.Exploiting Invariance in Training Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16634.pdf)
>  Inspired by two basic mechanisms in animal visual systems, we introduce a feature transform technique that imposes invariance properties in the training of deep neural networks. The resulting algorithm requires less parameter tuning, trains well with an initial learning rate 1.0, and easily generalizes to different tasks. We enforce scale invariance with local statistics in the data to align similar samples generated in diverse situations. To accelerate convergence, we enforce a GL(n)-invariance property with global statistics extracted from a batch that the gradient descent solution should remain invariant under basis change. Tested on ImageNet, MS COCO, and Cityscapes datasets, our proposed technique requires fewer iterations to train, surpasses all baselines by a large margin, seamlessly works on both small and large batch size training, and applies to different computer vision tasks of image classification, object detection, and semantic segmentation.      
### 81.Seasonal Contrast: Unsupervised Pre-Training from Uncurated Remote Sensing Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16607.pdf)
>  Remote sensing and automatic earth monitoring are key to solve global-scale challenges such as disaster prevention, land use monitoring, or tackling climate change. Although there exist vast amounts of remote sensing data, most of it remains unlabeled and thus inaccessible for supervised learning algorithms. Transfer learning approaches can reduce the data requirements of deep learning algorithms. However, most of these methods are pre-trained on ImageNet and their generalization to remote sensing imagery is not guaranteed due to the domain gap. In this work, we propose Seasonal Contrast (SeCo), an effective pipeline to leverage unlabeled data for in-domain pre-training of re-mote sensing representations. The SeCo pipeline is com-posed of two parts. First, a principled procedure to gather large-scale, unlabeled and uncurated remote sensing datasets containing images from multiple Earth locations at different timestamps. Second, a self-supervised algorithm that takes advantage of time and position invariance to learn transferable representations for re-mote sensing applications. We empirically show that models trained with SeCo achieve better performance than their ImageNet pre-trained counterparts and state-of-the-art self-supervised learning methods on multiple downstream tasks. The datasets and models in SeCo will be made public to facilitate transfer learning and enable rapid progress in re-mote sensing applications.      
### 82.Unsupervised Disentanglement of Linear-Encoded Facial Semantics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16605.pdf)
>  We propose a method to disentangle linear-encoded facial semantics from StyleGAN without external supervision. The method derives from linear regression and sparse representation learning concepts to make the disentangled latent representations easily interpreted as well. We start by coupling StyleGAN with a stabilized 3D deformable facial reconstruction method to decompose single-view GAN generations into multiple semantics. Latent representations are then extracted to capture interpretable facial semantics. In this work, we make it possible to get rid of labels for disentangling meaningful facial semantics. Also, we demonstrate that the guided extrapolation along the disentangled representations can help with data augmentation, which sheds light on handling unbalanced data. Finally, we provide an analysis of our learned localized facial representations and illustrate that the semantic information is encoded, which surprisingly complies with human intuition. The overall unsupervised design brings more flexibility to representation learning in the wild.      
### 83.Rectification-based Knowledge Retention for Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16597.pdf)
>  Deep learning models suffer from catastrophic forgetting when trained in an incremental learning setting. In this work, we propose a novel approach to address the task incremental learning problem, which involves training a model on new tasks that arrive in an incremental manner. The task incremental learning problem becomes even more challenging when the test set contains classes that are not part of the train set, i.e., a task incremental generalized zero-shot learning problem. Our approach can be used in both the zero-shot and non zero-shot task incremental learning settings. Our proposed method uses weight rectifications and affine transformations in order to adapt the model to different tasks that arrive sequentially. Specifically, we adapt the network weights to work for new tasks by "rectifying" the weights learned from the previous task. We learn these weight rectifications using very few parameters. We additionally learn affine transformations on the outputs generated by the network in order to better adapt them for the new task. We perform experiments on several datasets in both zero-shot and non zero-shot task incremental learning settings and empirically show that our approach achieves state-of-the-art results. Specifically, our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art non zero-shot task incremental learning method by over 5% on the CIFAR-100 dataset. Our approach also significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art task incremental generalized zero-shot learning method by absolute margins of 6.91% and 6.33% for the AWA1 and CUB datasets, respectively. We validate our approach using various ablation studies.      
### 84.Fast and Accurate Emulation of the SDO/HMI Stokes Inversion with Uncertainty Quantification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17273.pdf)
>  The Helioseismic and Magnetic Imager (HMI) onboard NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) produces estimates of the photospheric magnetic field which are a critical input to many space weather modelling and forecasting systems. The magnetogram products produced by HMI and its analysis pipeline are the result of a per-pixel optimization that estimates solar atmospheric parameters and minimizes disagreement between a synthesized and observed Stokes vector. In this paper, we introduce a deep learning-based approach that can emulate the existing HMI pipeline results two orders of magnitude faster than the current pipeline algorithms. Our system is a U-Net trained on input Stokes vectors and their accompanying optimization-based VFISV inversions. We demonstrate that our system, once trained, can produce high-fidelity estimates of the magnetic field and kinematic and thermodynamic parameters while also producing meaningful confidence intervals. We additionally show that despite penalizing only per-pixel loss terms, our system is able to faithfully reproduce known systematic oscillations in full-disk statistics produced by the pipeline. This emulation system could serve as an initialization for the full Stokes inversion or as an ultra-fast proxy inversion. This work is part of the NASA Heliophysics DRIVE Science Center (SOLSTICE) at the University of Michigan, under grant NASA 80NSSC20K0600E, and has been open sourced.      
### 85.Bit-Mixer: Mixed-precision networks with runtime bit-width selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17267.pdf)
>  Mixed-precision networks allow for a variable bit-width quantization for every layer in the network. A major limitation of existing work is that the bit-width for each layer must be predefined during training time. This allows little flexibility if the characteristics of the device on which the network is deployed change during runtime. In this work, we propose Bit-Mixer, the very first method to train a meta-quantized network where during test time any layer can change its bid-width without affecting at all the overall network's ability for highly accurate inference. To this end, we make 2 key contributions: (a) Transitional Batch-Norms, and (b) a 3-stage optimization process which is shown capable of training such a network. We show that our method can result in mixed precision networks that exhibit the desirable flexibility properties for on-device deployment without compromising accuracy. Code will be made available.      
### 86.Classification of Hematoma: Joint Learning of Semantic Segmentation and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17172.pdf)
>  Cerebral hematoma grows rapidly in 6-24 hours and misprediction of the growth can be fatal if it is not operated by a brain surgeon. There are two types of cerebral hematomas: one that grows rapidly and the other that does not grow rapidly. We are developing the technique of artificial intelligence to determine whether the CT image includes the cerebral hematoma which leads to the rapid growth. This problem has various difficulties: the few positive cases in this classification problem of cerebral hematoma and the targeted hematoma has deformable object. Other difficulties include the imbalance classification, the covariate shift, the small data, and the spurious correlation problems. It is difficult with the plain CNN classification such as VGG. This paper proposes the joint learning of semantic segmentation and classification and evaluate the performance of this.      
### 87.Training robust deep learning models for medical imaging tasks with spectral decoupling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17171.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks show impressive performance in medical imaging tasks. However, many current networks generalise poorly to data unseen during training, for example data generated by different centres. Such behaviour can be caused by networks overfitting easy-to-learn, or statistically dominant, features while disregarding other potentially informative features. Moreover, dominant features can lead to learning spurious correlations. For instance, indistinguishable differences in the sharpness of the images from two different scanners can degrade the performance of the network significantly. <br>To address these challenges, we evaluate the utility of spectral decoupling in the context of medical image analysis. Spectral decoupling encourages the neural network to learn more features by simply regularising the networks' unnormalized prediction scores with an L2 penalty. <br>Simulation experiments show that spectral decoupling allows training neural networks on datasets with strong spurious correlations. Networks trained without spectral decoupling do not learn the original task and appear to make false predictions based on the spurious correlations. Spectral decoupling also significantly increases networks' robustness for data distribution shifts. To validate our findings, we train networks with and without spectral decoupling to detect prostate cancer on haematoxylin and eosin stained whole slide images. The networks are then evaluated with data scanned in the same centre with two different scanners, and data from a different centre. Networks trained with spectral decoupling increase the accuracy by 10 percentage points over weight decay on the dataset from a different centre. <br>Our results show that spectral decoupling allows training generalisable and robust neural networks to be used across multiple centres, and recommend its use in future medical imaging tasks.      
### 88.Differentiable Deconvolution for Improved Stroke Perfusion Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17111.pdf)
>  Perfusion imaging is the current gold standard for acute ischemic stroke analysis. It allows quantification of the salvageable and non-salvageable tissue regions (penumbra and core areas respectively). In clinical settings, the singular value decomposition (SVD) deconvolution is one of the most accepted and used approaches for generating interpretable and physically meaningful maps. Though this method has been widely validated in experimental and clinical settings, it might produce suboptimal results because the chosen inputs to the model cannot guarantee optimal performance. For the most critical input, the arterial input function (AIF), it is still controversial how and where it should be chosen even though the method is very sensitive to this input. In this work we propose an AIF selection approach that is optimized for maximal core lesion segmentation performance. The AIF is regressed by a neural network optimized through a differentiable SVD deconvolution, aiming to maximize core lesion segmentation agreement with ground truth data. To our knowledge, this is the first work exploiting a differentiable deconvolution model with neural networks. We show that our approach is able to generate AIFs without any manual annotation, and hence avoiding manual rater's influences. The method achieves manual expert performance in the ISLES18 dataset. We conclude that the methodology opens new possibilities for improving perfusion imaging quantification with deep neural networks.      
### 89.Learning Scalable $\ell_\infty$-constrained Near-lossless Image Compression via Joint Lossy Image and Residual Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.17015.pdf)
>  We propose a novel joint lossy image and residual compression framework for learning $\ell_\infty$-constrained near-lossless image compression. Specifically, we obtain a lossy reconstruction of the raw image through lossy image compression and uniformly quantize the corresponding residual to satisfy a given tight $\ell_\infty$ error bound. Suppose that the error bound is zero, i.e., lossless image compression, we formulate the joint optimization problem of compressing both the lossy image and the original residual in terms of variational auto-encoders and solve it with end-to-end training. To achieve scalable compression with the error bound larger than zero, we derive the probability model of the quantized residual by quantizing the learned probability model of the original residual, instead of training multiple networks. We further correct the bias of the derived probability model caused by the context mismatch between training and inference. Finally, the quantized residual is encoded according to the bias-corrected probability model and is concatenated with the bitstream of the compressed lossy image. Experimental results demonstrate that our near-lossless codec achieves the state-of-the-art performance for lossless and near-lossless image compression, and achieves competitive PSNR while much smaller $\ell_\infty$ error compared with lossy image codecs at high bit rates.      
### 90.A Novel Deep ML Architecture by Integrating Visual Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (vSLAM) into Mask R-CNN for Real-time Surgical Video Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16847.pdf)
>  Seven million people suffer complications after surgery each year. With sufficient surgical training and feedback, half of these complications could be prevented. Automatic surgical video analysis, especially for minimally invasive surgery, plays a key role in training and review, with increasing interests from recent studies on tool and workflow detection. In this research, a novel machine learning architecture, RPM-CNN, is created to perform real-time surgical video analysis. This architecture, for the first time, integrates visual simultaneous localization and mapping (vSLAM) into Mask R-CNN. Spatio-temporal information, in addition to the visual features, is utilized to increase the accuracy to 96.8 mAP for tool detection and 97.5 mean Jaccard for workflow detection, surpassing all previous works via the same benchmark dataset. As a real-time prediction, the RPM-CNN model reaches a 50 FPS runtime performance speed, 10x faster than region based CNN, by modeling the spatio-temporal information directly from surgical videos during the vSLAM 3D mapping. Additionally, this novel Region Proposal Module (RPM) replaces the region proposal network (RPN) in Mask R-CNN, accurately placing bounding-boxes and lessening the annotation requirement. In principle, this architecture integrates the best of both worlds, inclusive of 1) vSLAM on object detection, through focusing on geometric information for region proposals and 2) CNN on object recognition, through focusing on semantic information for image classification; the integration of these two technologies into one joint training process opens a new door in computer vision. Furthermore, to apply RPM-CNN's real-time top performance to the real world, a Microsoft HoloLens 2 application is developed to provide an augmented reality (AR) based solution for both surgical training and assistance.      
### 91.Learning Generalizable Robotic Reward Functions from "In-The-Wild" Human Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16817.pdf)
>  We are motivated by the goal of generalist robots that can complete a wide range of tasks across many environments. Critical to this is the robot's ability to acquire some metric of task success or reward, which is necessary for reinforcement learning, planning, or knowing when to ask for help. For a general-purpose robot operating in the real world, this reward function must also be able to generalize broadly across environments, tasks, and objects, while depending only on on-board sensor observations (e.g. RGB images). While deep learning on large and diverse datasets has shown promise as a path towards such generalization in computer vision and natural language, collecting high quality datasets of robotic interaction at scale remains an open challenge. In contrast, "in-the-wild" videos of humans (e.g. YouTube) contain an extensive collection of people doing interesting tasks across a diverse range of settings. In this work, we propose a simple approach, Domain-agnostic Video Discriminator (DVD), that learns multitask reward functions by training a discriminator to classify whether two videos are performing the same task, and can generalize by virtue of learning from a small amount of robot data with a broad dataset of human videos. We find that by leveraging diverse human datasets, this reward function (a) can generalize zero shot to unseen environments, (b) generalize zero shot to unseen tasks, and (c) can be combined with visual model predictive control to solve robotic manipulation tasks on a real WidowX200 robot in an unseen environment from a single human demo.      
### 92.Attention, please! A survey of Neural Attention Models in Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16775.pdf)
>  In humans, Attention is a core property of all perceptual and cognitive operations. Given our limited ability to process competing sources, attention mechanisms select, modulate, and focus on the information most relevant to behavior. For decades, concepts and functions of attention have been studied in philosophy, psychology, neuroscience, and computing. For the last six years, this property has been widely explored in deep neural networks. Currently, the state-of-the-art in Deep Learning is represented by neural attention models in several application domains. This survey provides a comprehensive overview and analysis of developments in neural attention models. We systematically reviewed hundreds of architectures in the area, identifying and discussing those in which attention has shown a significant impact. We also developed and made public an automated methodology to facilitate the development of reviews in the area. By critically analyzing 650 works, we describe the primary uses of attention in convolutional, recurrent networks and generative models, identifying common subgroups of uses and applications. Furthermore, we describe the impact of attention in different application domains and their impact on neural networks' interpretability. Finally, we list possible trends and opportunities for further research, hoping that this review will provide a succinct overview of the main attentional models in the area and guide researchers in developing future approaches that will drive further improvements.      
### 93.A study of latent monotonic attention variants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16710.pdf)
>  End-to-end models reach state-of-the-art performance for speech recognition, but global soft attention is not monotonic, which might lead to convergence problems, to instability, to bad generalisation, cannot be used for online streaming, and is also inefficient in calculation. Monotonicity can potentially fix all of this. There are several ad-hoc solutions or heuristics to introduce monotonicity, but a principled introduction is rarely found in literature so far. In this paper, we present a mathematically clean solution to introduce monotonicity, by introducing a new latent variable which represents the audio position or segment boundaries. We compare several monotonic latent models to our global soft attention baseline such as a hard attention model, a local windowed soft attention model, and a segmental soft attention model. We can show that our monotonic models perform as good as the global soft attention model. We perform our experiments on Switchboard 300h. We carefully outline the details of our training and release our code and configs.      
### 94.CNN-based Cardiac Motion Extraction to Generate Deformable Geometric Left Ventricle Myocardial Models from Cine MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16695.pdf)
>  Patient-specific left ventricle (LV) myocardial models have the potential to be used in a variety of clinical scenarios for improved diagnosis and treatment plans. Cine cardiac magnetic resonance (MR) imaging provides high resolution images to reconstruct patient-specific geometric models of the LV myocardium. With the advent of deep learning, accurate segmentation of cardiac chambers from cine cardiac MR images and unsupervised learning for image registration for cardiac motion estimation on a large number of image datasets is attainable. Here, we propose a deep leaning-based framework for the development of patient-specific geometric models of LV myocardium from cine cardiac MR images, using the Automated Cardiac Diagnosis Challenge (ACDC) dataset. We use the deformation field estimated from the VoxelMorph-based convolutional neural network (CNN) to propagate the isosurface mesh and volume mesh of the end-diastole (ED) frame to the subsequent frames of the cardiac cycle. We assess the CNN-based propagated models against segmented models at each cardiac phase, as well as models propagated using another traditional nonrigid image registration technique.      
### 95.Mask-ToF: Learning Microlens Masks for Flying Pixel Correction in Time-of-Flight Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16693.pdf)
>  We introduce Mask-ToF, a method to reduce flying pixels (FP) in time-of-flight (ToF) depth captures. FPs are pervasive artifacts which occur around depth edges, where light paths from both an object and its background are integrated over the aperture. This light mixes at a sensor pixel to produce erroneous depth estimates, which can adversely affect downstream 3D vision tasks. Mask-ToF starts at the source of these FPs, learning a microlens-level occlusion mask which effectively creates a custom-shaped sub-aperture for each sensor pixel. This modulates the selection of foreground and background light mixtures on a per-pixel basis and thereby encodes scene geometric information directly into the ToF measurements. We develop a differentiable ToF simulator to jointly train a convolutional neural network to decode this information and produce high-fidelity, low-FP depth reconstructions. We test the effectiveness of Mask-ToF on a simulated light field dataset and validate the method with an experimental prototype. To this end, we manufacture the learned amplitude mask and design an optical relay system to virtually place it on a high-resolution ToF sensor. We find that Mask-ToF generalizes well to real data without retraining, cutting FP counts in half.      
### 96.Robustness Certification for Point Cloud Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16652.pdf)
>  The use of deep 3D point cloud models in safety-critical applications, such as autonomous driving, dictates the need to certify the robustness of these models to semantic transformations. This is technically challenging as it requires a scalable verifier tailored to point cloud models that handles a wide range of semantic 3D transformations. In this work, we address this challenge and introduce 3DCertify, the first verifier able to certify robustness of point cloud models. 3DCertify is based on two key insights: (i) a generic relaxation based on first-order Taylor approximations, applicable to any differentiable transformation, and (ii) a precise relaxation for global feature pooling, which is more complex than pointwise activations (e.g., ReLU or sigmoid) but commonly employed in point cloud models. We demonstrate the effectiveness of 3DCertify by performing an extensive evaluation on a wide range of 3D transformations (e.g., rotation, twisting) for both classification and part segmentation tasks. For example, we can certify robustness against rotations by $\pm60^\circ$ for 95.7% of point clouds, and our max pool relaxation increases certification by up to 15.6%.      
### 97.HAD-Net: A Hierarchical Adversarial Knowledge Distillation Network for Improved Enhanced Tumour Segmentation Without Post-Contrast Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16617.pdf)
>  Segmentation of enhancing tumours or lesions from MRI is important for detecting new disease activity in many clinical contexts. However, accurate segmentation requires the inclusion of medical images (e.g., T1 post contrast MRI) acquired after injecting patients with a contrast agent (e.g., Gadolinium), a process no longer thought to be safe. Although a number of modality-agnostic segmentation networks have been developed over the past few years, they have been met with limited success in the context of enhancing pathology segmentation. In this work, we present HAD-Net, a novel offline adversarial knowledge distillation (KD) technique, whereby a pre-trained teacher segmentation network, with access to all MRI sequences, teaches a student network, via hierarchical adversarial training, to better overcome the large domain shift presented when crucial images are absent during inference. In particular, we apply HAD-Net to the challenging task of enhancing tumour segmentation when access to post-contrast imaging is not available. The proposed network is trained and tested on the BraTS 2019 brain tumour segmentation challenge dataset, where it achieves performance improvements in the ranges of 16% - 26% over (a) recent modality-agnostic segmentation methods (U-HeMIS, U-HVED), (b) KD-Net adapted to this problem, (c) the pre-trained student network and (d) a non-hierarchical version of the network (AD-Net), in terms of Dice scores for enhancing tumour (ET). The network also shows improvements in tumour core (TC) Dice scores. Finally, the network outperforms both the baseline student network and AD-Net in terms of uncertainty quantification for enhancing tumour segmentation based on the BraTs 2019 uncertainty challenge metrics. Our code is publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SaverioVad/HAD_Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
