# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 7 Apr 2021
### 1.Adversarial Robustness under Long-Tailed Distribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02703.pdf)
>  Adversarial robustness has attracted extensive studies recently by revealing the vulnerability and intrinsic characteristics of deep networks. However, existing works on adversarial robustness mainly focus on balanced datasets, while real-world data usually exhibits a long-tailed distribution. To push adversarial robustness towards more realistic scenarios, in this work we investigate the adversarial vulnerability as well as defense under long-tailed distributions. In particular, we first reveal the negative impacts induced by imbalanced data on both recognition performance and adversarial robustness, uncovering the intrinsic challenges of this problem. We then perform a systematic study on existing long-tailed recognition methods in conjunction with the adversarial training framework. Several valuable observations are obtained: 1) natural accuracy is relatively easy to improve, 2) fake gain of robust accuracy exists under unreliable evaluation, and 3) boundary error limits the promotion of robustness. Inspired by these observations, we propose a clean yet effective framework, RoBal, which consists of two dedicated modules, a scale-invariant classifier and data re-balancing via both margin engineering at training stage and boundary adjustment during inference. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our approach over other state-of-the-art defense methods. To our best knowledge, we are the first to tackle adversarial robustness under long-tailed distributions, which we believe would be a significant step towards real-world robustness. Our code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wutong16/Adversarial_Long-Tail" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 2.ReStyle: A Residual-Based StyleGAN Encoder via Iterative Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02699.pdf)
>  Recently, the power of unconditional image synthesis has significantly advanced through the use of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). The task of inverting an image into its corresponding latent code of the trained GAN is of utmost importance as it allows for the manipulation of real images, leveraging the rich semantics learned by the network. Recognizing the limitations of current inversion approaches, in this work we present a novel inversion scheme that extends current encoder-based inversion methods by introducing an iterative refinement mechanism. Instead of directly predicting the latent code of a given real image using a single pass, the encoder is tasked with predicting a residual with respect to the current estimate of the inverted latent code in a self-correcting manner. Our residual-based encoder, named ReStyle, attains improved accuracy compared to current state-of-the-art encoder-based methods with a negligible increase in inference time. We analyze the behavior of ReStyle to gain valuable insights into its iterative nature. We then evaluate the performance of our residual encoder and analyze its robustness compared to optimization-based inversion and state-of-the-art encoders.      
### 3.Localizing Visual Sounds the Hard Way  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02691.pdf)
>  The objective of this work is to localize sound sources that are visible in a video without using manual annotations. Our key technical contribution is to show that, by training the network to explicitly discriminate challenging image fragments, even for images that do contain the object emitting the sound, we can significantly boost the localization performance. We do so elegantly by introducing a mechanism to mine hard samples and add them to a contrastive learning formulation automatically. We show that our algorithm achieves state-of-the-art performance on the popular Flickr SoundNet dataset. Furthermore, we introduce the VGG-Sound Source (VGG-SS) benchmark, a new set of annotations for the recently-introduced VGG-Sound dataset, where the sound sources visible in each video clip are explicitly marked with bounding box annotations. This dataset is 20 times larger than analogous existing ones, contains 5K videos spanning over 200 categories, and, differently from Flickr SoundNet, is video-based. On VGG-SS, we also show that our algorithm achieves state-of-the-art performance against several baselines.      
### 4.Strumming to the Beat: Audio-Conditioned Contrastive Video Textures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02687.pdf)
>  We introduce a non-parametric approach for infinite video texture synthesis using a representation learned via contrastive learning. We take inspiration from Video Textures, which showed that plausible new videos could be generated from a single one by stitching its frames together in a novel yet consistent order. This classic work, however, was constrained by its use of hand-designed distance metrics, limiting its use to simple, repetitive videos. We draw on recent techniques from self-supervised learning to learn this distance metric, allowing us to compare frames in a manner that scales to more challenging dynamics, and to condition on other data, such as audio. We learn representations for video frames and frame-to-frame transition probabilities by fitting a video-specific model trained using contrastive learning. To synthesize a texture, we randomly sample frames with high transition probabilities to generate diverse temporally smooth videos with novel sequences and transitions. The model naturally extends to an audio-conditioned setting without requiring any finetuning. Our model outperforms baselines on human perceptual scores, can handle a diverse range of input videos, and can combine semantic and audio-visual cues in order to synthesize videos that synchronize well with an audio signal.      
### 5.Test-Time Adaptation for Super-Resolution: You Only Need to Overfit on a Few More Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02663.pdf)
>  Existing reference (RF)-based super-resolution (SR) models try to improve perceptual quality in SR under the assumption of the availability of high-resolution RF images paired with low-resolution (LR) inputs at testing. As the RF images should be similar in terms of content, colors, contrast, etc. to the test image, this hinders the applicability in a real scenario. Other approaches to increase the perceptual quality of images, including perceptual loss and adversarial losses, tend to dramatically decrease fidelity to the ground-truth through significant decreases in PSNR/SSIM. Addressing both issues, we propose a simple yet universal approach to improve the perceptual quality of the HR prediction from a pre-trained SR network on a given LR input by further fine-tuning the SR network on a subset of images from the training dataset with similar patterns of activation as the initial HR prediction, with respect to the filters of a feature extractor. In particular, we show the effects of fine-tuning on these images in terms of the perceptual quality and PSNR/SSIM values. Contrary to perceptually driven approaches, we demonstrate that the fine-tuned network produces a HR prediction with both greater perceptual quality and minimal changes to the PSNR/SSIM with respect to the initial HR prediction. Further, we present novel numerical experiments concerning the filters of SR networks, where we show through filter correlation, that the filters of the fine-tuned network from our method are closer to "ideal" filters, than those of the baseline network or a network fine-tuned on random images.      
### 6.Collaborative Learning to Generate Audio-Video Jointly  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02656.pdf)
>  There have been a number of techniques that have demonstrated the generation of multimedia data for one modality at a time using GANs, such as the ability to generate images, videos, and audio. However, so far, the task of multi-modal generation of data, specifically for audio and videos both, has not been sufficiently well-explored. Towards this, we propose a method that demonstrates that we are able to generate naturalistic samples of video and audio data by the joint correlated generation of audio and video modalities. The proposed method uses multiple discriminators to ensure that the audio, video, and the joint output are also indistinguishable from real-world samples. We present a dataset for this task and show that we are able to generate realistic samples. This method is validated using various standard metrics such as Inception Score, Frechet Inception Distance (FID) and through human evaluation.      
### 7.DeepBlur: A Simple and Effective Method for Natural Image Obfuscation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02655.pdf)
>  There is a growing privacy concern due to the popularity of social media and surveillance systems, along with advances in face recognition software. However, established image obfuscation techniques are either vulnerable to re-identification attacks by human or deep learning models, insufficient in preserving image fidelity, or too computationally intensive to be practical. To tackle these issues, we present DeepBlur, a simple yet effective method for image obfuscation by blurring in the latent space of an unconditionally pre-trained generative model that is able to synthesize photo-realistic facial images. We compare it with existing methods by efficiency and image quality, and evaluate against both state-of-the-art deep learning models and industrial products (e.g., Face++, Microsoft face service). Experiments show that our method produces high quality outputs and is the strongest defense for most test cases.      
### 8.On the Pitfalls of Learning with Limited Data: A Facial Expression Recognition Case Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02653.pdf)
>  Deep learning models need large amounts of data for training. In video recognition and classification, significant advances were achieved with the introduction of new large databases. However, the creation of large-databases for training is infeasible in several scenarios. Thus, existing or small collected databases are typically joined and amplified to train these models. Nevertheless, training neural networks on limited data is not straightforward and comes with a set of problems. In this paper, we explore the effects of stacking databases, model initialization, and data amplification techniques when training with limited data on deep learning models' performance. We focused on the problem of Facial Expression Recognition from videos. We performed an extensive study with four databases at a different complexity and nine deep-learning architectures for video classification. We found that (i) complex training sets translate better to more stable test sets when trained with transfer learning and synthetically generated data, but their performance yields a high variance; (ii) training with more detailed data translates to more stable performance on novel scenarios (albeit with lower performance); (iii) merging heterogeneous data is not a straightforward improvement, as the type of augmentation and initialization is crucial; (iv) classical data augmentation cannot fill the holes created by joining largely separated datasets; and (v) inductive biases help to bridge the gap when paired with synthetic data, but this data is not enough when working with standard initialization techniques.      
### 9.Malignancy Prediction and Lesion Identification from Clinical Dermatological Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02652.pdf)
>  We consider machine-learning-based malignancy prediction and lesion identification from clinical dermatological images, which can be indistinctly acquired via smartphone or dermoscopy capture. Additionally, we do not assume that images contain single lesions, thus the framework supports both focal or wide-field images. Specifically, we propose a two-stage approach in which we first identify all lesions present in the image regardless of sub-type or likelihood of malignancy, then it estimates their likelihood of malignancy, and through aggregation, it also generates an image-level likelihood of malignancy that can be used for high-level screening processes. Further, we consider augmenting the proposed approach with clinical covariates (from electronic health records) and publicly available data (the ISIC dataset). Comprehensive experiments validated on an independent test dataset demonstrate that i) the proposed approach outperforms alternative model architectures; ii) the model based on images outperforms a pure clinical model by a large margin, and the combination of images and clinical data does not significantly improves over the image-only model; and iii) the proposed framework offers comparable performance in terms of malignancy classification relative to three board certified dermatologists with different levels of experience.      
### 10.A Modified Convolutional Network for Auto-encoding based on Pattern Theory Growth Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02651.pdf)
>  This brief paper reports the shortcoming of a variant of convolutional neural network whose components are developed based on the pattern theory framework.      
### 11.gradSim: Differentiable simulation for system identification and visuomotor control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02646.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of estimating an object's physical properties such as mass, friction, and elasticity directly from video sequences. Such a system identification problem is fundamentally ill-posed due to the loss of information during image formation. Current solutions require precise 3D labels which are labor-intensive to gather, and infeasible to create for many systems such as deformable solids or cloth. We present gradSim, a framework that overcomes the dependence on 3D supervision by leveraging differentiable multiphysics simulation and differentiable rendering to jointly model the evolution of scene dynamics and image formation. This novel combination enables backpropagation from pixels in a video sequence through to the underlying physical attributes that generated them. Moreover, our unified computation graph -- spanning from the dynamics and through the rendering process -- enables learning in challenging visuomotor control tasks, without relying on state-based (3D) supervision, while obtaining performance competitive to or better than techniques that rely on precise 3D labels.      
### 12.Latent Space Regularization for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02633.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks for semantic segmentation allow to achieve outstanding accuracy, however they also have a couple of major drawbacks: first, they do not generalize well to distributions slightly different from the one of the training data; second, they require a huge amount of labeled data for their optimization. In this paper, we introduce feature-level space-shaping regularization strategies to reduce the domain discrepancy in semantic segmentation. In particular, for this purpose we jointly enforce a clustering objective, a perpendicularity constraint and a norm alignment goal on the feature vectors corresponding to source and target samples. Additionally, we propose a novel measure able to capture the relative efficacy of an adaptation strategy compared to supervised training. We verify the effectiveness of such methods in the autonomous driving setting achieving state-of-the-art results in multiple synthetic-to-real road scenes benchmarks.      
### 13.Local Metrics for Multi-Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02631.pdf)
>  This paper introduces temporally local metrics for Multi-Object Tracking. These metrics are obtained by restricting existing metrics based on track matching to a finite temporal horizon, and provide new insight into the ability of trackers to maintain identity over time. Moreover, the horizon parameter offers a novel, meaningful mechanism by which to define the relative importance of detection and association, a common dilemma in applications where imperfect association is tolerable. It is shown that the historical Average Tracking Accuracy (ATA) metric exhibits superior sensitivity to association, enabling its proposed local variant, ALTA, to capture a wide range of characteristics. In particular, ALTA is better equipped to identify advances in association independent of detection. The paper further presents an error decomposition for ATA that reveals the impact of four distinct error types and is equally applicable to ALTA. The diagnostic capabilities of ALTA are demonstrated on the MOT 2017 and Waymo Open Dataset benchmarks.      
### 14.Uncertainty-aware Joint Salient Object and Camouflaged Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02628.pdf)
>  Visual salient object detection (SOD) aims at finding the salient object(s) that attract human attention, while camouflaged object detection (COD) on the contrary intends to discover the camouflaged object(s) that hidden in the surrounding. In this paper, we propose a paradigm of leveraging the contradictory information to enhance the detection ability of both salient object detection and camouflaged object detection. We start by exploiting the easy positive samples in the COD dataset to serve as hard positive samples in the SOD task to improve the robustness of the SOD model. Then, we introduce a similarity measure module to explicitly model the contradicting attributes of these two tasks. Furthermore, considering the uncertainty of labeling in both tasks' datasets, we propose an adversarial learning network to achieve both higher order similarity measure and network confidence estimation. Experimental results on benchmark datasets demonstrate that our solution leads to state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance for both tasks.      
### 15.Are GAN generated images easy to detect? A critical analysis of the state-of-the-art  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02617.pdf)
>  The advent of deep learning has brought a significant improvement in the quality of generated media. However, with the increased level of photorealism, synthetic media are becoming hardly distinguishable from real ones, raising serious concerns about the spread of fake or manipulated information over the Internet. In this context, it is important to develop automated tools to reliably and timely detect synthetic media. In this work, we analyze the state-of-the-art methods for the detection of synthetic images, highlighting the key ingredients of the most successful approaches, and comparing their performance over existing generative architectures. We will devote special attention to realistic and challenging scenarios, like media uploaded on social networks or generated by new and unseen architectures, analyzing the impact of suitable augmentation and training strategies on the detectors' generalization ability.      
### 16.Optical Flow Dataset Synthesis from Unpaired Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02615.pdf)
>  The estimation of optical flow is an ambiguous task due to the lack of correspondence at occlusions, shadows, reflections, lack of texture and changes in illumination over time. Thus, unsupervised methods face major challenges as they need to tune complex cost functions with several terms designed to handle each of these sources of ambiguity. In contrast, supervised methods avoid these challenges altogether by relying on explicit ground truth optical flow obtained directly from synthetic or real data. In the case of synthetic data, the ground truth provides an exact and explicit description of what optical flow to assign to a given scene. However, the domain gap between synthetic data and real data often limits the ability of a trained network to generalize. In the case of real data, the ground truth is obtained through multiple sensors and additional data processing, which might introduce persistent errors and contaminate it. As a solution to these issues, we introduce a novel method to build a training set of pseudo-real images that can be used to train optical flow in a supervised manner. Our dataset uses two unpaired frames from real data and creates pairs of frames by simulating random warps, occlusions with super-pixels, shadows and illumination changes, and associates them to their corresponding exact optical flow. We thus obtain the benefit of directly training on real data while having access to an exact ground truth. Training with our datasets on the Sintel and KITTI benchmarks is straightforward and yields models on par or with state of the art performance compared to much more sophisticated training approaches.      
### 17.Mutual Graph Learning for Camouflaged Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02613.pdf)
>  Automatically detecting/segmenting object(s) that blend in with their surroundings is difficult for current models. A major challenge is that the intrinsic similarities between such foreground objects and background surroundings make the features extracted by deep model indistinguishable. To overcome this challenge, an ideal model should be able to seek valuable, extra clues from the given scene and incorporate them into a joint learning framework for representation co-enhancement. With this inspiration, we design a novel Mutual Graph Learning (MGL) model, which generalizes the idea of conventional mutual learning from regular grids to the graph domain. Specifically, MGL decouples an image into two task-specific feature maps -- one for roughly locating the target and the other for accurately capturing its boundary details -- and fully exploits the mutual benefits by recurrently reasoning their high-order relations through graphs. Importantly, in contrast to most mutual learning approaches that use a shared function to model all between-task interactions, MGL is equipped with typed functions for handling different complementary relations to maximize information interactions. Experiments on challenging datasets, including CHAMELEON, CAMO and COD10K, demonstrate the effectiveness of our MGL with superior performance to existing state-of-the-art methods.      
### 18.PointShuffleNet: Learning Non-Euclidean Features with Homotopy Equivalence and Mutual Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02611.pdf)
>  Point cloud analysis is still a challenging task due to the disorder and sparsity of samplings of their geometric structures from 3D sensors. In this paper, we introduce the homotopy equivalence relation (HER) to make the neural networks learn the data distribution from a high-dimension manifold. A shuffle operation is adopted to construct HER for its randomness and zero-parameter. In addition, inspired by prior works, we propose a local mutual information regularizer (LMIR) to cut off the trivial path that leads to a classification error from HER. LMIR utilizes mutual information to measure the distance between the original feature and HER transformed feature and learns common features in a contrastive learning scheme. Thus, we combine HER and LMIR to give our model the ability to learn non-Euclidean features from a high-dimension manifold. This is named the non-Euclidean feature learner. Furthermore, we propose a new heuristics and efficiency point sampling algorithm named ClusterFPS to obtain approximate uniform sampling but at faster speed. ClusterFPS uses a cluster algorithm to divide a point cloud into several clusters and deploy the farthest point sampling algorithm on each cluster in parallel. By combining the above methods, we propose a novel point cloud analysis neural network called PointShuffleNet (PSN), which shows great promise in point cloud classification and segmentation. Extensive experiments show that our PSN achieves state-of-the-art results on ModelNet40, ShapeNet and S3DIS with high efficiency. Theoretically, we provide mathematical analysis toward understanding of what the data distribution HER has developed and why LMIR can drop the trivial path by maximizing mutual information implicitly.      
### 19.On the Robustness of Vision Transformers to Adversarial Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02610.pdf)
>  Recent advances in attention-based networks have shown that Vision Transformers can achieve state-of-the-art or near state-of-the-art results on many image classification tasks. This puts transformers in the unique position of being a promising alternative to traditional convolutional neural networks (CNNs). While CNNs have been carefully studied with respect to adversarial attacks, the same cannot be said of Vision Transformers. In this paper, we study the robustness of Vision Transformers to adversarial examples. Our analyses of transformer security is divided into three parts. First, we test the transformer under standard white-box and black-box attacks. Second, we study the transferability of adversarial examples between CNNs and transformers. We show that adversarial examples do not readily transfer between CNNs and transformers. Based on this finding, we analyze the security of a simple ensemble defense of CNNs and transformers. By creating a new attack, the self-attention blended gradient attack, we show that such an ensemble is not secure under a white-box adversary. However, under a black-box adversary, we show that an ensemble can achieve unprecedented robustness without sacrificing clean accuracy. Our analysis for this work is done using six types of white-box attacks and two types of black-box attacks. Our study encompasses multiple Vision Transformers, Big Transfer Models and CNN architectures trained on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100 and ImageNet.      
### 20.MirrorNeRF: One-shot Neural Portrait RadianceField from Multi-mirror Catadioptric Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02607.pdf)
>  Photo-realistic neural reconstruction and rendering of the human portrait are critical for numerous VR/AR applications. Still, existing solutions inherently rely on multi-view capture settings, and the one-shot solution to get rid of the tedious multi-view synchronization and calibration remains extremely challenging. In this paper, we propose MirrorNeRF - a one-shot neural portrait free-viewpoint rendering approach using a catadioptric imaging system with multiple sphere mirrors and a single high-resolution digital camera, which is the first to combine neural radiance field with catadioptric imaging so as to enable one-shot photo-realistic human portrait reconstruction and rendering, in a low-cost and casual capture setting. More specifically, we propose a light-weight catadioptric system design with a sphere mirror array to enable diverse ray sampling in the continuous 3D space as well as an effective online calibration for the camera and the mirror array. Our catadioptric imaging system can be easily deployed with a low budget and the casual capture ability for convenient daily usages. We introduce a novel neural warping radiance field representation to learn a continuous displacement field that implicitly compensates for the misalignment due to our flexible system setting. We further propose a density regularization scheme to leverage the inherent geometry information from the catadioptric data in a self-supervision manner, which not only improves the training efficiency but also provides more effective density supervision for higher rendering quality. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of our scheme to achieve one-shot photo-realistic and high-quality appearance free-viewpoint rendering for human portrait scenes.      
### 21.Weakly-supervised Audio-visual Sound Source Detection and Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02606.pdf)
>  Learning how to localize and separate individual object sounds in the audio channel of the video is a difficult task. Current state-of-the-art methods predict audio masks from artificially mixed spectrograms, known as Mix-and-Separate framework. We propose an audio-visual co-segmentation, where the network learns both what individual objects look and sound like, from videos labeled with only object labels. Unlike other recent visually-guided audio source separation frameworks, our architecture can be learned in an end-to-end manner and requires no additional supervision or bounding box proposals. Specifically, we introduce weakly-supervised object segmentation in the context of sound separation. We also formulate spectrogram mask prediction using a set of learned mask bases, which combine using coefficients conditioned on the output of object segmentation , a design that facilitates separation. Extensive experiments on the MUSIC dataset show that our proposed approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods on visually guided sound source separation and sound denoising.      
### 22.An Unsupervised Sampling Approach for Image-Sentence Matching Using Document-Level Structural Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02605.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the problem of unsupervised image-sentence matching. Existing research explores to utilize document-level structural information to sample positive and negative instances for model training. Although the approach achieves positive results, it introduces a sampling bias and fails to distinguish instances with high semantic similarity. To alleviate the bias, we propose a new sampling strategy to select additional intra-document image-sentence pairs as positive or negative samples. Furthermore, to recognize the complex pattern in intra-document samples, we propose a Transformer based model to capture fine-grained features and implicitly construct a graph for each document, where concepts in a document are introduced to bridge the representation learning of images and sentences in the context of a document. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our approach to alleviate the bias and learn well-aligned multimodal representations.      
### 23.Automatic Large Scale Detection of Red Palm Weevil Infestation using Aerial and Street View Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02598.pdf)
>  The spread of the Red Palm Weevil has dramatically affected date growers, homeowners and governments, forcing them to deal with a constant threat to their palm trees. Early detection of palm tree infestation has been proven to be critical in order to allow treatment that may save trees from irreversible damage, and is most commonly performed by local physical access for individual tree monitoring. Here, we present a novel method for surveillance of Red Palm Weevil infested palm trees utilizing state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms, with aerial and street-level imagery data. To detect infested palm trees we analyzed over 100,000 aerial and street-images, mapping the location of palm trees in urban areas. Using this procedure, we discovered and verified infested palm trees at various locations.      
### 24.Attentional Graph Neural Network for Parking-slot Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02576.pdf)
>  Deep learning has recently demonstrated its promising performance for vision-based parking-slot detection. However, very few existing methods explicitly take into account learning the link information of the marking-points, resulting in complex post-processing and erroneous detection. In this paper, we propose an attentional graph neural network based parking-slot detection method, which refers the marking-points in an around-view image as graph-structured data and utilize graph neural network to aggregate the neighboring information between marking-points. Without any manually designed post-processing, the proposed method is end-to-end trainable. Extensive experiments have been conducted on public benchmark dataset, where the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art accuracy. Code is publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jiaolong/gcn-parking-slot" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 25.Fourier Image Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02555.pdf)
>  Transformer architectures show spectacular performance on NLP tasks and have recently also been used for tasks such as image completion or image classification. Here we propose to use a sequential image representation, where each prefix of the complete sequence describes the whole image at reduced resolution. Using such Fourier Domain Encodings (FDEs), an auto-regressive image completion task is equivalent to predicting a higher resolution output given a low-resolution input. Additionally, we show that an encoder-decoder setup can be used to query arbitrary Fourier coefficients given a set of Fourier domain observations. We demonstrate the practicality of this approach in the context of computed tomography (CT) image reconstruction. In summary, we show that Fourier Image Transformer (FIT) can be used to solve relevant image analysis tasks in Fourier space, a domain inherently inaccessible to convolutional architectures.      
### 26.White Box Methods for Explanations of Convolutional Neural Networks in Image Classification Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02548.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning has become prevalent to solve applications from multiple domains. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) particularly have demonstrated state of the art performance for the task of image classification. However, the decisions made by these networks are not transparent and cannot be directly interpreted by a human. Several approaches have been proposed to explain to understand the reasoning behind a prediction made by a network. In this paper, we propose a topology of grouping these methods based on their assumptions and implementations. We focus primarily on white box methods that leverage the information of the internal architecture of a network to explain its decision. Given the task of image classification and a trained CNN, this work aims to provide a comprehensive and detailed overview of a set of methods that can be used to create explanation maps for a particular image, that assign an importance score to each pixel of the image based on its contribution to the decision of the network. We also propose a further classification of the white box methods based on their implementations to enable better comparisons and help researchers find methods best suited for different scenarios.      
### 27.Instantaneous Stereo Depth Estimation of Real-World Stimuli with a Neuromorphic Stereo-Vision Setup  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02541.pdf)
>  The stereo-matching problem, i.e., matching corresponding features in two different views to reconstruct depth, is efficiently solved in biology. Yet, it remains the computational bottleneck for classical machine vision approaches. By exploiting the properties of event cameras, recently proposed Spiking Neural Network (SNN) architectures for stereo vision have the potential of simplifying the stereo-matching problem. Several solutions that combine event cameras with spike-based neuromorphic processors already exist. However, they are either simulated on digital hardware or tested on simplified stimuli. In this work, we use the Dynamic Vision Sensor 3D Human Pose Dataset (DHP19) to validate a brain-inspired event-based stereo-matching architecture implemented on a mixed-signal neuromorphic processor with real-world data. Our experiments show that this SNN architecture, composed of coincidence detectors and disparity sensitive neurons, is able to provide a coarse estimate of the input disparity instantaneously, thereby detecting the presence of a stimulus moving in depth in real-time.      
### 28.Visual Camera Re-Localization Using Graph Neural Networks and Relative Pose Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02538.pdf)
>  Visual re-localization means using a single image as input to estimate the camera's location and orientation relative to a pre-recorded environment. The highest-scoring methods are "structure based," and need the query camera's intrinsics as an input to the model, with careful geometric optimization. When intrinsics are absent, methods vie for accuracy by making various other assumptions. This yields fairly good localization scores, but the models are "narrow" in some way, eg., requiring costly test-time computations, or depth sensors, or multiple query frames. In contrast, our proposed method makes few special assumptions, and is fairly lightweight in training and testing. <br>Our pose regression network learns from only relative poses of training scenes. For inference, it builds a graph connecting the query image to training counterparts and uses a graph neural network (GNN) with image representations on nodes and image-pair representations on edges. By efficiently passing messages between them, both representation types are refined to produce a consistent camera pose estimate. We validate the effectiveness of our approach on both standard indoor (7-Scenes) and outdoor (Cambridge Landmarks) camera re-localization benchmarks. Our relative pose regression method matches the accuracy of absolute pose regression networks, while retaining the relative-pose models' test-time speed and ability to generalize to non-training scenes.      
### 29.DCANet: Dense Context-Aware Network for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02533.pdf)
>  As the superiority of context information gradually manifests in advanced semantic segmentation, learning to capture the compact context relationship can help to understand the complex scenes. In contrast to some previous works utilizing the multi-scale context fusion, we propose a novel module, named Dense Context-Aware (DCA) module, to adaptively integrate local detail information with global dependencies. Driven by the contextual relationship, the DCA module can better achieve the aggregation of context information to generate more powerful features. Furthermore, we deliberately design two extended structures based on the DCA modules to further capture the long-range contextual dependency information. By combining the DCA modules in cascade or parallel, our networks use a progressive strategy to improve multi-scale feature representations for robust segmentation. We empirically demonstrate the promising performance of our approach (DCANet) with extensive experiments on three challenging datasets, including PASCAL VOC 2012, Cityscapes, and ADE20K.      
### 30.Vote from the Center: 6 DoF Pose Estimation in RGB-D Images by Radial Keypoint Voting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02527.pdf)
>  We propose a novel keypoint voting scheme based on intersecting spheres, that is more accurate than existing schemes and allows for a smaller set of more disperse keypoints. The scheme forms the basis of the proposed RCVPose method for 6 DoF pose estimation of 3D objects in RGB-D data, which is particularly effective at handling occlusions. A CNN is trained to estimate the distance between the 3D point corresponding to the depth mode of each RGB pixel, and a set of 3 disperse keypoints defined in the object frame. At inference, a sphere of radius equal to this estimated distance is generated, centered at each 3D point. The surface of these spheres votes to increment a 3D accumulator space, the peaks of which indicate keypoint locations. The proposed radial voting scheme is more accurate than previous vector or offset schemes, and robust to disperse keypoints. Experiments demonstrate RCVPose to be highly accurate and competitive, achieving state-of-the-art results on LINEMOD 99.7%, YCB-Video 97.2% datasets, and notably scoring +7.9% higher than previous methods on the challenging Occlusion LINEMOD 71.1% dataset.      
### 31.Deep Animation Video Interpolation in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02495.pdf)
>  In the animation industry, cartoon videos are usually produced at low frame rate since hand drawing of such frames is costly and time-consuming. Therefore, it is desirable to develop computational models that can automatically interpolate the in-between animation frames. However, existing video interpolation methods fail to produce satisfying results on animation data. Compared to natural videos, animation videos possess two unique characteristics that make frame interpolation difficult: 1) cartoons comprise lines and smooth color pieces. The smooth areas lack textures and make it difficult to estimate accurate motions on animation videos. 2) cartoons express stories via exaggeration. Some of the motions are non-linear and extremely large. In this work, we formally define and study the animation video interpolation problem for the first time. To address the aforementioned challenges, we propose an effective framework, AnimeInterp, with two dedicated modules in a coarse-to-fine manner. Specifically, 1) Segment-Guided Matching resolves the "lack of textures" challenge by exploiting global matching among color pieces that are piece-wise coherent. 2) Recurrent Flow Refinement resolves the "non-linear and extremely large motion" challenge by recurrent predictions using a transformer-like architecture. To facilitate comprehensive training and evaluations, we build a large-scale animation triplet dataset, ATD-12K, which comprises 12,000 triplets with rich annotations. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our approach outperforms existing state-of-the-art interpolation methods for animation videos. Notably, AnimeInterp shows favorable perceptual quality and robustness for animation scenarios in the wild. The proposed dataset and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lisiyao21/AnimeInterp/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Weakly supervised segmentation with cross-modality equivariant constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02488.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised learning has emerged as an appealing alternative to alleviate the need for large labeled datasets in semantic segmentation. Most current approaches exploit class activation maps (CAMs), which can be generated from image-level annotations. Nevertheless, resulting maps have been demonstrated to be highly discriminant, failing to serve as optimal proxy pixel-level labels. We present a novel learning strategy that leverages self-supervision in a multi-modal image scenario to significantly enhance original CAMs. In particular, the proposed method is based on two observations. First, the learning of fully-supervised segmentation networks implicitly imposes equivariance by means of data augmentation, whereas this implicit constraint disappears on CAMs generated with image tags. And second, the commonalities between image modalities can be employed as an efficient self-supervisory signal, correcting the inconsistency shown by CAMs obtained across multiple modalities. To effectively train our model, we integrate a novel loss function that includes a within-modality and a cross-modality equivariant term to explicitly impose these constraints during training. In addition, we add a KL-divergence on the class prediction distributions to facilitate the information exchange between modalities, which, combined with the equivariant regularizers further improves the performance of our model. Exhaustive experiments on the popular multi-modal BRATS dataset demonstrate that our approach outperforms relevant recent literature under the same learning conditions.      
### 33.SIMPLE: SIngle-network with Mimicking and Point Learning for Bottom-up Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02486.pdf)
>  The practical application requests both accuracy and efficiency on multi-person pose estimation algorithms. But the high accuracy and fast inference speed are dominated by top-down methods and bottom-up methods respectively. To make a better trade-off between accuracy and efficiency, we propose a novel multi-person pose estimation framework, SIngle-network with Mimicking and Point Learning for Bottom-up Human Pose Estimation (SIMPLE). Specifically, in the training process, we enable SIMPLE to mimic the pose knowledge from the high-performance top-down pipeline, which significantly promotes SIMPLE's accuracy while maintaining its high efficiency during inference. Besides, SIMPLE formulates human detection and pose estimation as a unified point learning framework to complement each other in single-network. This is quite different from previous works where the two tasks may interfere with each other. To the best of our knowledge, both mimicking strategy between different method types and unified point learning are firstly proposed in pose estimation. In experiments, our approach achieves the new state-of-the-art performance among bottom-up methods on the COCO, MPII and PoseTrack datasets. Compared with the top-down approaches, SIMPLE has comparable accuracy and faster inference speed.      
### 34.A Facial Feature Discovery Framework for Race Classification Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02471.pdf)
>  Race classification is a long-standing challenge in the field of face image analysis. The investigation of salient facial features is an important task to avoid processing all face parts. Face segmentation strongly benefits several face analysis tasks, including ethnicity and race classification. We propose a raceclassification algorithm using a prior face segmentation framework. A deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) was used to construct a face segmentation model. For training the DCNN, we label face images according to seven different classes, that is, nose, skin, hair, eyes, brows, back, and mouth. The DCNN model developed in the first phase was used to create segmentation results. The probabilistic classification method is used, and probability maps (PMs) are created for each semantic class. We investigated five salient facial features from among seven that help in race classification. Features are extracted from the PMs of five classes, and a new model is trained based on the DCNN. We assessed the performance of the proposed race classification method on four standard face datasets, reporting superior results compared with previous studies.      
### 35.Few-Shot Transformation of Common Actions into Time and Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02439.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the task of few-shot common action localization in time and space. Given a few trimmed support videos containing the same but unknown action, we strive for spatio-temporal localization of that action in a long untrimmed query video. We do not require any class labels, interval bounds, or bounding boxes. To address this challenging task, we introduce a novel few-shot transformer architecture with a dedicated encoder-decoder structure optimized for joint commonality learning and localization prediction, without the need for proposals. Experiments on our reorganizations of the AVA and UCF101-24 datasets show the effectiveness of our approach for few-shot common action localization, even when the support videos are noisy. Although we are not specifically designed for common localization in time only, we also compare favorably against the few-shot and one-shot state-of-the-art in this setting. Lastly, we demonstrate that the few-shot transformer is easily extended to common action localization per pixel.      
### 36.Fine-Grained Fashion Similarity Prediction by Attribute-Specific Embedding Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02429.pdf)
>  This paper strives to predict fine-grained fashion similarity. In this similarity paradigm, one should pay more attention to the similarity in terms of a specific design/attribute between fashion items. For example, whether the collar designs of the two clothes are similar. It has potential value in many fashion related applications, such as fashion copyright protection. To this end, we propose an Attribute-Specific Embedding Network (ASEN) to jointly learn multiple attribute-specific embeddings, thus measure the fine-grained similarity in the corresponding space. The proposed ASEN is comprised of a global branch and a local branch. The global branch takes the whole image as input to extract features from a global perspective, while the local branch takes as input the zoomed-in region-of-interest (RoI) w.r.t. the specified attribute thus able to extract more fine-grained features. As the global branch and the local branch extract the features from different perspectives, they are complementary to each other. Additionally, in each branch, two attention modules, i.e., Attribute-aware Spatial Attention and Attribute-aware Channel Attention, are integrated to make ASEN be able to locate the related regions and capture the essential patterns under the guidance of the specified attribute, thus make the learned attribute-specific embeddings better reflect the fine-grained similarity. Extensive experiments on three fashion-related datasets, i.e., FashionAI, DARN, and DeepFashion, show the effectiveness of ASEN for fine-grained fashion similarity prediction and its potential for fashion reranking. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/maryeon/asenpp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 37.Teacher-Student Adversarial Depth Hallucination to Improve Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02424.pdf)
>  We present the Teacher-Student Generative Adversarial Network (TS-GAN) to generate depth images from a single RGB image in order to boost the recognition accuracy of face recognition (FR) systems. For our method to generalize well across unseen datasets, we design two components in the architecture, a teacher and a student. The teacher, which itself consists of a generator and a discriminator, learns a latent mapping between input RGB and paired depth images in a supervised fashion. The student, which consists of two generators (one shared with the teacher) and a discriminator, learns from new RGB data with no available paired depth information, for improved generalization. The fully trained shared generator can then be used in runtime to hallucinate depth from RGB for downstream applications such as face recognition. We perform rigorous experiments to show the superiority of TS-GAN over other methods in generating synthetic depth images. Moreover, face recognition experiments demonstrate that our hallucinated depth along with the input RGB images boosts performance across various architectures when compared to a single RGB modality by average values of +1.2%, +2.6%, and +2.6% for IIIT-D, EURECOM, and LFW datasets respectively.      
### 38.Variational Transformer Networks for Layout Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02416.pdf)
>  Generative models able to synthesize layouts of different kinds (e.g. documents, user interfaces or furniture arrangements) are a useful tool to aid design processes and as a first step in the generation of synthetic data, among other tasks. We exploit the properties of self-attention layers to capture high level relationships between elements in a layout, and use these as the building blocks of the well-known Variational Autoencoder (VAE) formulation. Our proposed Variational Transformer Network (VTN) is capable of learning margins, alignments and other global design rules without explicit supervision. Layouts sampled from our model have a high degree of resemblance to the training data, while demonstrating appealing diversity. In an extensive evaluation on publicly available benchmarks for different layout types VTNs achieve state-of-the-art diversity and perceptual quality. Additionally, we show the capabilities of this method as part of a document layout detection pipeline.      
### 39.Learning to Estimate Hidden Motions with Global Motion Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02409.pdf)
>  Occlusions pose a significant challenge to optical flow algorithms that rely on local evidences. We consider an occluded point to be one that is imaged in the first frame but not in the next, a slight overloading of the standard definition since it also includes points that move out-of-frame. Estimating the motion of these points is extremely difficult, particularly in the two-frame setting. Previous work relies on CNNs to learn occlusions, without much success, or requires multiple frames to reason about occlusions using temporal smoothness. In this paper, we argue that the occlusion problem can be better solved in the two-frame case by modelling image self-similarities. We introduce a global motion aggregation module, a transformer-based approach to find long-range dependencies between pixels in the first image, and perform global aggregation on the corresponding motion features. We demonstrate that the optical flow estimates in the occluded regions can be significantly improved without damaging the performance in non-occluded regions. This approach obtains new state-of-the-art results on the challenging Sintel dataset, improving the average end-point error by 13.6\% on Sintel Final and 13.7\% on Sintel Clean. At the time of submission, our method ranks first on these benchmarks among all published and unpublished approaches. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zacjiang/GMA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 40.Weakly Supervised Video Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02391.pdf)
>  Significant performance improvement has been achieved for fully-supervised video salient object detection with the pixel-wise labeled training datasets, which are time-consuming and expensive to obtain. To relieve the burden of data annotation, we present the first weakly supervised video salient object detection model based on relabeled "fixation guided scribble annotations". Specifically, an "Appearance-motion fusion module" and bidirectional ConvLSTM based framework are proposed to achieve effective multi-modal learning and long-term temporal context modeling based on our new weak annotations. Further, we design a novel foreground-background similarity loss to further explore the labeling similarity across frames. A weak annotation boosting strategy is also introduced to boost our model performance with a new pseudo-label generation technique. Extensive experimental results on six benchmark video saliency detection datasets illustrate the effectiveness of our solution.      
### 41.Learning Spatial Context with Graph Neural Network for Multi-Person Pose Grouping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02385.pdf)
>  Bottom-up approaches for image-based multi-person pose estimation consist of two stages: (1) keypoint detection and (2) grouping of the detected keypoints to form person instances. Current grouping approaches rely on learned embedding from only visual features that completely ignore the spatial configuration of human poses. In this work, we formulate the grouping task as a graph partitioning problem, where we learn the affinity matrix with a Graph Neural Network (GNN). More specifically, we design a Geometry-aware Association GNN that utilizes spatial information of the keypoints and learns local affinity from the global context. The learned geometry-based affinity is further fused with appearance-based affinity to achieve robust keypoint association. Spectral clustering is used to partition the graph for the formation of the pose instances. Experimental results on two benchmark datasets show that our proposed method outperforms existing appearance-only grouping frameworks, which shows the effectiveness of utilizing spatial context for robust grouping. Source code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jiahaoLjh/PoseGrouping" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 42.Scene Graph Embeddings Using Relative Similarity Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02381.pdf)
>  Scene graphs are a powerful structured representation of the underlying content of images, and embeddings derived from them have been shown to be useful in multiple downstream tasks. In this work, we employ a graph convolutional network to exploit structure in scene graphs and produce image embeddings useful for semantic image retrieval. Different from classification-centric supervision traditionally available for learning image representations, we address the task of learning from relative similarity labels in a ranking context. Rooted within the contrastive learning paradigm, we propose a novel loss function that operates on pairs of similar and dissimilar images and imposes relative ordering between them in embedding space. We demonstrate that this Ranking loss, coupled with an intuitive triple sampling strategy, leads to robust representations that outperform well-known contrastive losses on the retrieval task. In addition, we provide qualitative evidence of how retrieved results that utilize structured scene information capture the global context of the scene, different from visual similarity search.      
### 43.Neural Feature Search for RGB-Infrared Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02366.pdf)
>  RGB-Infrared person re-identification (RGB-IR ReID) is a challenging cross-modality retrieval problem, which aims at matching the person-of-interest over visible and infrared camera views. Most existing works achieve performance gains through manually-designed feature selection modules, which often require significant domain knowledge and rich experience. In this paper, we study a general paradigm, termed Neural Feature Search (NFS), to automate the process of feature selection. Specifically, NFS combines a dual-level feature search space and a differentiable search strategy to jointly select identity-related cues in coarse-grained channels and fine-grained spatial pixels. This combination allows NFS to adaptively filter background noises and concentrate on informative parts of human bodies in a data-driven manner. Moreover, a cross-modality contrastive optimization scheme further guides NFS to search features that can minimize modality discrepancy whilst maximizing inter-class distance. Extensive experiments on mainstream benchmarks demonstrate that our method outperforms state-of-the-arts, especially achieving better performance on the RegDB dataset with significant improvement of 11.20% and 8.64% in Rank-1 and mAP, respectively.      
### 44.Adaptive Mutual Supervision for Weakly-Supervised Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02357.pdf)
>  Weakly-supervised temporal action localization aims to localize actions in untrimmed videos with only video-level action category labels. Most of previous methods ignore the incompleteness issue of Class Activation Sequences (CAS), suffering from trivial localization results. To solve this issue, we introduce an adaptive mutual supervision framework (AMS) with two branches, where the base branch adopts CAS to localize the most discriminative action regions, while the supplementary branch localizes the less discriminative action regions through a novel adaptive sampler. The adaptive sampler dynamically updates the input of the supplementary branch with a sampling weight sequence negatively correlated with the CAS from the base branch, thereby prompting the supplementary branch to localize the action regions underestimated by the base branch. To promote mutual enhancement between these two branches, we construct mutual location supervision. Each branch leverages location pseudo-labels generated from the other branch as localization supervision. By alternately optimizing the two branches in multiple iterations, we progressively complete action regions. Extensive experiments on THUMOS14 and ActivityNet1.2 demonstrate that the proposed AMS method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 45.Visual Alignment Constraint for Continuous Sign Language Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02330.pdf)
>  Vision-based Continuous Sign Language Recognition (CSLR) aims to recognize unsegmented gestures from image sequences. To better train CSLR models, the iterative training scheme is widely adopted to alleviate the overfitting of the alignment model. Although the iterative training scheme can improve performance, it will also increase the training time. In this work, we revisit the overfitting problem in recent CTC-based CSLR works and attribute it to the insufficient training of the feature extractor. To solve this problem, we propose a Visual Alignment Constraint (VAC) to enhance the feature extractor with more alignment supervision. Specifically, the proposed VAC is composed of two auxiliary losses: one makes predictions based on visual features only, and the other aligns short-term visual and long-term contextual features. Moreover, we further propose two metrics to evaluate the contributions of the feature extractor and the alignment model, which provide evidence for the overfitting problem. The proposed VAC achieves competitive performance on two challenging CSLR datasets and experimental results show its effectiveness.      
### 46.Multiple instance active learning for object detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02324.pdf)
>  Despite the substantial progress of active learning for image recognition, there still lacks an instance-level active learning method specified for object detection. In this paper, we propose Multiple Instance Active Object Detection (MI-AOD), to select the most informative images for detector training by observing instance-level uncertainty. MI-AOD defines an instance uncertainty learning module, which leverages the discrepancy of two adversarial instance classifiers trained on the labeled set to predict instance uncertainty of the unlabeled set. MI-AOD treats unlabeled images as instance bags and feature anchors in images as instances, and estimates the image uncertainty by re-weighting instances in a multiple instance learning (MIL) fashion. Iterative instance uncertainty learning and re-weighting facilitate suppressing noisy instances, toward bridging the gap between instance uncertainty and image-level uncertainty. Experiments validate that MI-AOD sets a solid baseline for instance-level active learning. On commonly used object detection datasets, MI-AOD outperforms state-of-the-art methods with significant margins, particularly when the labeled sets are small. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/yuantn/MI-AOD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.Objects are Different: Flexible Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02323.pdf)
>  The precise localization of 3D objects from a single image without depth information is a highly challenging problem. Most existing methods adopt the same approach for all objects regardless of their diverse distributions, leading to limited performance for truncated objects. In this paper, we propose a flexible framework for monocular 3D object detection which explicitly decouples the truncated objects and adaptively combines multiple approaches for object depth estimation. Specifically, we decouple the edge of the feature map for predicting long-tail truncated objects so that the optimization of normal objects is not influenced. Furthermore, we formulate the object depth estimation as an uncertainty-guided ensemble of directly regressed object depth and solved depths from different groups of keypoints. Experiments demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art method by relatively 27\% for the moderate level and 30\% for the hard level in the test set of KITTI benchmark while maintaining real-time efficiency. Code will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhangyp15/MonoFlex" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 48.Efficient Video Compression via Content-Adaptive Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02322.pdf)
>  Video compression is a critical component of Internet video delivery. Recent work has shown that deep learning techniques can rival or outperform human-designed algorithms, but these methods are significantly less compute and power-efficient than existing codecs. This paper presents a new approach that augments existing codecs with a small, content-adaptive super-resolution model that significantly boosts video quality. Our method, SRVC, encodes video into two bitstreams: (i) a content stream, produced by compressing downsampled low-resolution video with the existing codec, (ii) a model stream, which encodes periodic updates to a lightweight super-resolution neural network customized for short segments of the video. SRVC decodes the video by passing the decompressed low-resolution video frames through the (time-varying) super-resolution model to reconstruct high-resolution video frames. Our results show that to achieve the same PSNR, SRVC requires 16% of the bits-per-pixel of H.265 in slow mode, and 2% of the bits-per-pixel of DVC, a recent deep learning-based video compression scheme. SRVC runs at 90 frames per second on a NVIDIA V100 GPU.      
### 49.Exploration of Hardware Acceleration Methods for an XNOR Traffic Signs Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02303.pdf)
>  Deep learning algorithms are a key component of many state-of-the-art vision systems, especially as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) outperform most solutions in the sense of accuracy. To apply such algorithms in real-time applications, one has to address the challenges of memory and computational complexity. To deal with the first issue, we use networks with reduced precision, specifically a binary neural network (also known as XNOR). To satisfy the computational requirements, we propose to use highly parallel and low-power FPGA devices. In this work, we explore the possibility of accelerating XNOR networks for traffic sign classification. The trained binary networks are implemented on the ZCU 104 development board, equipped with a Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC device using two different approaches. Firstly, we propose a custom HDL accelerator for XNOR networks, which enables the inference with almost 450 fps. Even better results are obtained with the second method - the Xilinx FINN accelerator - enabling to process input images with around 550 frame rate. Both approaches provide over 96% accuracy on the test set.      
### 50.Hyperspectral and LiDAR data classification based on linear self-attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02301.pdf)
>  An efficient linear self-attention fusion model is proposed in this paper for the task of hyperspectral image (HSI) and LiDAR data joint classification. The proposed method is comprised of a feature extraction module, an attention module, and a fusion module. The attention module is a plug-and-play linear self-attention module that can be extensively used in any model. The proposed model has achieved the overall accuracy of 95.40\% on the Houston dataset. The experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method over other state-of-the-art models.      
### 51.Bottom-Up Human Pose Estimation Via Disentangled Keypoint Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02300.pdf)
>  In this paper, we are interested in the bottom-up paradigm of estimating human poses from an image. We study the dense keypoint regression framework that is previously inferior to the keypoint detection and grouping framework. Our motivation is that regressing keypoint positions accurately needs to learn representations that focus on the keypoint regions. <br>We present a simple yet effective approach, named disentangled keypoint regression (DEKR). We adopt adaptive convolutions through pixel-wise spatial transformer to activate the pixels in the keypoint regions and accordingly learn representations from them. We use a multi-branch structure for separate regression: each branch learns a representation with dedicated adaptive convolutions and regresses one keypoint. The resulting disentangled representations are able to attend to the keypoint regions, respectively, and thus the keypoint regression is spatially more accurate. We empirically show that the proposed direct regression method outperforms keypoint detection and grouping methods and achieves superior bottom-up pose estimation results on two benchmark datasets, COCO and CrowdPose. The code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HRNet/DEKR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 52.Change Detection from SAR Images Based on Deformable Residual Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02299.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have made great progress for synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images change detection. However, sampling locations of traditional convolutional kernels are fixed and cannot be changed according to the actual structure of the SAR images. Besides, objects may appear with different sizes in natural scenes, which requires the network to have stronger multi-scale representation ability. In this paper, a novel \underline{D}eformable \underline{R}esidual Convolutional Neural \underline{N}etwork (DRNet) is designed for SAR images change detection. First, the proposed DRNet introduces the deformable convolutional sampling locations, and the shape of convolutional kernel can be adaptively adjusted according to the actual structure of ground objects. To create the deformable sampling locations, 2-D offsets are calculated for each pixel according to the spatial information of the input images. Then the sampling location of pixels can adaptively reflect the spatial structure of the input images. Moreover, we proposed a novel pooling module replacing the vanilla pooling to utilize multi-scale information effectively, by constructing hierarchical residual-like connections within one pooling layer, which improve the multi-scale representation ability at a granular level. Experimental results on three real SAR datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed DRNet.      
### 53.Contrastive Syn-to-Real Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02290.pdf)
>  Training on synthetic data can be beneficial for label or data-scarce scenarios. However, synthetically trained models often suffer from poor generalization in real domains due to domain gaps. In this work, we make a key observation that the diversity of the learned feature embeddings plays an important role in the generalization performance. To this end, we propose contrastive synthetic-to-real generalization (CSG), a novel framework that leverages the pre-trained ImageNet knowledge to prevent overfitting to the synthetic domain, while promoting the diversity of feature embeddings as an inductive bias to improve generalization. In addition, we enhance the proposed CSG framework with attentional pooling (A-pool) to let the model focus on semantically important regions and further improve its generalization. We demonstrate the effectiveness of CSG on various synthetic training tasks, exhibiting state-of-the-art performance on zero-shot domain generalization.      
### 54.Learnable Expansion-and-Compression Network for Few-shot Class-Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02281.pdf)
>  Few-shot class-incremental learning (FSCIL), which targets at continuously expanding model's representation capacity under few supervisions, is an important yet challenging problem. On the one hand, when fitting new tasks (novel classes), features trained on old tasks (old classes) could significantly drift, causing catastrophic forgetting. On the other hand, training the large amount of model parameters with few-shot novel-class examples leads to model over-fitting. In this paper, we propose a learnable expansion-and-compression network (LEC-Net), with the aim to simultaneously solve catastrophic forgetting and model over-fitting problems in a unified framework. By tentatively expanding network nodes, LEC-Net enlarges the representation capacity of features, alleviating feature drift of old network from the perspective of model regularization. By compressing the expanded network nodes, LEC-Net purses minimal increase of model parameters, alleviating over-fitting of the expanded network from a perspective of compact representation. Experiments on the CUB/CIFAR-100 datasets show that LEC-Net improves the baseline by 5~7% while outperforms the state-of-the-art by 5~6%. LEC-Net also demonstrates the potential to be a general incremental learning approach with dynamic model expansion capability.      
### 55.Multi-View Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation with Plane Sweep Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02273.pdf)
>  Existing approaches for multi-view multi-person 3D pose estimation explicitly establish cross-view correspondences to group 2D pose detections from multiple camera views and solve for the 3D pose estimation for each person. Establishing cross-view correspondences is challenging in multi-person scenes, and incorrect correspondences will lead to sub-optimal performance for the multi-stage pipeline. In this work, we present our multi-view 3D pose estimation approach based on plane sweep stereo to jointly address the cross-view fusion and 3D pose reconstruction in a single shot. Specifically, we propose to perform depth regression for each joint of each 2D pose in a target camera view. Cross-view consistency constraints are implicitly enforced by multiple reference camera views via the plane sweep algorithm to facilitate accurate depth regression. We adopt a coarse-to-fine scheme to first regress the person-level depth followed by a per-person joint-level relative depth estimation. 3D poses are obtained from a simple back-projection given the estimated depths. We evaluate our approach on benchmark datasets where it outperforms previous state-of-the-arts while being remarkably efficient. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jiahaoLjh/PlaneSweepPose" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.Learning from Self-Discrepancy via Multiple Co-teaching for Cross-Domain Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02265.pdf)
>  Employing clustering strategy to assign unlabeled target images with pseudo labels has become a trend for person re-identification (re-ID) algorithms in domain adaptation. A potential limitation of these clustering-based methods is that they always tend to introduce noisy labels, which will undoubtedly hamper the performance of our re-ID system. To handle this limitation, an intuitive solution is to utilize collaborative training to purify the pseudo label quality. However, there exists a challenge that the complementarity of two networks, which inevitably share a high similarity, becomes weakened gradually as training process goes on; worse still, these approaches typically ignore to consider the self-discrepancy of intra-class relations. To address this issue, in this letter, we propose a multiple co-teaching framework for domain adaptive person re-ID, opening up a promising direction about self-discrepancy problem under unsupervised condition. On top of that, a mean-teaching mechanism is leveraged to enlarge the difference and discover more complementary features. Comprehensive experiments conducted on several large-scale datasets show that our method achieves competitive performance compared with the state-of-the-arts.      
### 57.Multi-hierarchical Convolutional Network for Efficient Remote Photoplethysmograph Signal and Heart Rate Estimation from Face Video Clips  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02260.pdf)
>  Heart beat rhythm and heart rate (HR) are important physiological parameters of the human body. This study presents an efficient multi-hierarchical spatio-temporal convolutional network that can quickly estimate remote physiological (rPPG) signal and HR from face video clips. First, the facial color distribution characteristics are extracted using a low-level face feature Generation (LFFG) module. Then, the three-dimensional (3D) spatio-temporal stack convolution module (STSC) and multi-hierarchical feature fusion module (MHFF) are used to strengthen the spatio-temporal correlation of multi-channel features. In the MHFF, sparse optical flow is used to capture the tiny motion information of faces between frames and generate a self-adaptive region of interest (ROI) skin mask. Finally, the signal prediction module (SP) is used to extract the estimated rPPG signal. The experimental results on the three datasets show that the proposed network outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 58.Depth Completion with Twin Surface Extrapolation at Occlusion Boundaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02253.pdf)
>  Depth completion starts from a sparse set of known depth values and estimates the unknown depths for the remaining image pixels. Most methods model this as depth interpolation and erroneously interpolate depth pixels into the empty space between spatially distinct objects, resulting in depth-smearing across occlusion boundaries. Here we propose a multi-hypothesis depth representation that explicitly models both foreground and background depths in the difficult occlusion-boundary regions. Our method can be thought of as performing twin-surface extrapolation, rather than interpolation, in these regions. Next our method fuses these extrapolated surfaces into a single depth image leveraging the image data. Key to our method is the use of an asymmetric loss function that operates on a novel twin-surface representation. This enables us to train a network to simultaneously do surface extrapolation and surface fusion. We characterize our loss function and compare with other common losses. Finally, we validate our method on three different datasets; KITTI, an outdoor real-world dataset, NYU2, indoor real-world depth dataset and Virtual KITTI, a photo-realistic synthetic dataset with dense groundtruth, and demonstrate improvement over the state of the art.      
### 59.One Thing One Click: A Self-Training Approach for Weakly Supervised 3D Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02246.pdf)
>  Point cloud semantic segmentation often requires largescale annotated training data, but clearly, point-wise labels are too tedious to prepare. While some recent methods propose to train a 3D network with small percentages of point labels, we take the approach to an extreme and propose "One Thing One Click," meaning that the annotator only needs to label one point per object. To leverage these extremely sparse labels in network training, we design a novel self-training approach, in which we iteratively conduct the training and label propagation, facilitated by a graph propagation module. Also, we adopt a relation network to generate per-category prototype and explicitly model the similarity among graph nodes to generate pseudo labels to guide the iterative training. Experimental results on both ScanNet-v2 and S3DIS show that our self-training approach, with extremely-sparse annotations, outperforms all existing weakly supervised methods for 3D semantic segmentation by a large margin, and our results are also comparable to those of the fully supervised counterparts.      
### 60.Multi-Scale Context Aggregation Network with Attention-Guided for Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02245.pdf)
>  Crowd counting aims to predict the number of people and generate the density map in the image. There are many challenges, including varying head scales, the diversity of crowd distribution across images and cluttered backgrounds. In this paper, we propose a multi-scale context aggregation network (MSCANet) based on single-column encoder-decoder architecture for crowd counting, which consists of an encoder based on a dense context-aware module (DCAM) and a hierarchical attention-guided decoder. To handle the issue of scale variation, we construct the DCAM to aggregate multi-scale contextual information by densely connecting the dilated convolution with varying receptive fields. The proposed DCAM can capture rich contextual information of crowd areas due to its long-range receptive fields and dense scale sampling. Moreover, to suppress the background noise and generate a high-quality density map, we adopt a hierarchical attention-guided mechanism in the decoder. This helps to integrate more useful spatial information from shallow feature maps of the encoder by introducing multiple supervision based on semantic attention module (SAM). Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach achieves better performance than other similar state-of-the-art methods on three challenging benchmark datasets for crowd counting. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/KingMV/MSCANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 61.Content-Aware GAN Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02244.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs), e.g., StyleGAN2, play a vital role in various image generation and synthesis tasks, yet their notoriously high computational cost hinders their efficient deployment on edge devices. Directly applying generic compression approaches yields poor results on GANs, which motivates a number of recent GAN compression works. While prior works mainly accelerate conditional GANs, e.g., pix2pix and CycleGAN, compressing state-of-the-art unconditional GANs has rarely been explored and is more challenging. In this paper, we propose novel approaches for unconditional GAN compression. We first introduce effective channel pruning and knowledge distillation schemes specialized for unconditional GANs. We then propose a novel content-aware method to guide the processes of both pruning and distillation. With content-awareness, we can effectively prune channels that are unimportant to the contents of interest, e.g., human faces, and focus our distillation on these regions, which significantly enhances the distillation quality. On StyleGAN2 and SN-GAN, we achieve a substantial improvement over the state-of-the-art compression method. Notably, we reduce the FLOPs of StyleGAN2 by 11x with visually negligible image quality loss compared to the full-size model. More interestingly, when applied to various image manipulation tasks, our compressed model forms a smoother and better disentangled latent manifold, making it more effective for image editing.      
### 62.3D-to-2D Distillation for Indoor Scene Parsing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02243.pdf)
>  Indoor scene semantic parsing from RGB images is very challenging due to occlusions, object distortion, and viewpoint variations. Going beyond prior works that leverage geometry information, typically paired depth maps, we present a new approach, a 3D-to-2D distillation framework, that enables us to leverage 3D features extracted from large-scale 3D data repository (e.g., ScanNet-v2) to enhance 2D features extracted from RGB images. Our work has three novel contributions. First, we distill 3D knowledge from a pretrained 3D network to supervise a 2D network to learn simulated 3D features from 2D features during the training, so the 2D network can infer without requiring 3D data. Second, we design a two-stage dimension normalization scheme to calibrate the 2D and 3D features for better integration. Third, we design a semantic-aware adversarial training model to extend our framework for training with unpaired 3D data. Extensive experiments on various datasets, ScanNet-V2, S3DIS, and NYU-v2, demonstrate the superiority of our approach. Also, experimental results show that our 3D-to-2D distillation improves the model generalization.      
### 63.IronMask: Modular Architecture for Protecting Deep Face Template  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02239.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have made remarkable progress in the face recognition field. The more the technology of face recognition advances, the greater discriminative features into a face template. However, this increases the threat to user privacy in case the template is exposed. <br>In this paper, we present a modular architecture for face template protection, called IronMask, that can be combined with any face recognition system using angular distance metric. We circumvent the need for binarization, which is the main cause of performance degradation in most existing face template protections, by proposing a new real-valued error-correcting-code that is compatible with real-valued templates and can therefore, minimize performance degradation. We evaluate the efficacy of IronMask by extensive experiments on two face recognitions, ArcFace and CosFace with three datasets, CMU-Multi-PIE, FEI, and Color-FERET. According to our experimental results, IronMask achieves a true accept rate (TAR) of 99.79% at a false accept rate (FAR) of 0.0005% when combined with ArcFace, and 95.78% TAR at 0% FAR with CosFace, while providing at least 115-bit security against known attacks.      
### 64.Hippocampus-heuristic Character Recognition Network for Zero-shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02236.pdf)
>  The recognition of Chinese characters has always been a challenging task due to their huge variety and complex structures. The latest research proves that such an enormous character set can be decomposed into a collection of about 500 fundamental Chinese radicals, and based on which this problem can be solved effectively. While with the constant advent of novel Chinese characters, the number of basic radicals is also expanding. The current methods that entirely rely on existing radicals are not flexible for identifying these novel characters and fail to recognize these Chinese characters without learning all of their radicals in the training stage. To this end, this paper proposes a novel Hippocampus-heuristic Character Recognition Network (HCRN), which references the way of hippocampus thinking, and can recognize unseen Chinese characters (namely zero-shot learning) only by training part of radicals. More specifically, the network architecture of HCRN is a new pseudo-siamese network designed by us, which can learn features from pairs of input training character samples and use them to predict unseen Chinese characters. The experimental results show that HCRN is robust and effective. It can accurately predict about 16,330 unseen testing Chinese characters relied on only 500 trained Chinese characters. The recognition accuracy of HCRN outperforms the state-of-the-art Chinese radical recognition approach by 15% (from 85.1% to 99.9%) for recognizing unseen Chinese characters.      
### 65.Achieving Domain Generalization in Underwater Object Detection by Image Stylization and Domain Mixup  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02230.pdf)
>  The performance of existing underwater object detection methods degrades seriously when facing domain shift problem caused by complicated underwater environments. Due to the limitation of the number of domains in the dataset, deep detectors easily just memorize a few seen domain, which leads to low generalization ability. Ulteriorly, it can be inferred that the detector trained on as many domains as possible is domain-invariant. Based on this viewpoint, we propose a domain generalization method from the aspect of data augmentation. First, the style transfer model transforms images from one source domain to another, enriching the domain diversity of the training data. Second, interpolating different domains on feature level, new domains can be sampled on the domain manifold. With our method, detectors will be robust to domain shift. Comprehensive experiments on S-UODAC2020 datasets demonstrate that the proposed method is able to learn domain-invariant representations, and outperforms other domain generalization methods. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mousecpn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 66.When Pigs Fly: Contextual Reasoning in Synthetic and Natural Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02215.pdf)
>  Context is of fundamental importance to both human and machine vision -- an object in the air is more likely to be an airplane, than a pig. The rich notion of context incorporates several aspects including physics rules, statistical co-occurrences, and relative object sizes, among others. While previous works have crowd-sourced out-of-context photographs from the web to study scene context, controlling the nature and extent of contextual violations has been an extremely daunting task. Here we introduce a diverse, synthetic Out-of-Context Dataset (OCD) with fine-grained control over scene context. By leveraging a 3D simulation engine, we systematically control the gravity, object co-occurrences and relative sizes across 36 object categories in a virtual household environment. We then conduct a series of experiments to gain insights into the impact of contextual cues on both human and machine vision using OCD. First, we conduct psycho-physics experiments to establish a human benchmark for out-of-context recognition, and then compare it with state-of-the-art computer vision models to quantify the gap between the two. Finally, we propose a context-aware recognition transformer model, fusing object and contextual information via multi-head attention. Our model captures useful information for contextual reasoning, enabling human-level performance and significantly better robustness in out-of-context conditions compared to baseline models across OCD and other existing out-of-context natural image datasets. All source code and data are publicly available <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kreimanlab/WhenPigsFlyContext" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 67.Hypothesis-driven Stream Learning with Augmented Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02206.pdf)
>  Stream learning refers to the ability to acquire and transfer knowledge across a continuous stream of data without forgetting and without repeated passes over the data. A common way to avoid catastrophic forgetting is to intersperse new examples with replays of old examples stored as image pixels or reproduced by generative models. Here, we considered stream learning in image classification tasks and proposed a novel hypotheses-driven Augmented Memory Network, which efficiently consolidates previous knowledge with a limited number of hypotheses in the augmented memory and replays relevant hypotheses to avoid catastrophic forgetting. The advantages of hypothesis-driven replay over image pixel replay and generative replay are two-fold. First, hypothesis-based knowledge consolidation avoids redundant information in the image pixel space and makes memory usage more efficient. Second, hypotheses in the augmented memory can be re-used for learning new tasks, improving generalization and transfer learning ability. We evaluated our method on three stream learning object recognition datasets. Our method performs comparably well or better than SOTA methods, while offering more efficient memory usage. All source code and data are publicly available <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kreimanlab/AugMem" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 68.Learning Optical Flow from a Few Matches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02166.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art neural network models for optical flow estimation require a dense correlation volume at high resolutions for representing per-pixel displacement. Although the dense correlation volume is informative for accurate estimation, its heavy computation and memory usage hinders the efficient training and deployment of the models. In this paper, we show that the dense correlation volume representation is redundant and accurate flow estimation can be achieved with only a fraction of elements in it. Based on this observation, we propose an alternative displacement representation, named Sparse Correlation Volume, which is constructed directly by computing the k closest matches in one feature map for each feature vector in the other feature map and stored in a sparse data structure. Experiments show that our method can reduce computational cost and memory use significantly, while maintaining high accuracy compared to previous approaches with dense correlation volumes. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zacjiang/scv" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 69.Unified Detection of Digital and Physical Face Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02156.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art defense mechanisms against face attacks achieve near perfect accuracies within one of three attack categories, namely adversarial, digital manipulation, or physical spoofs, however, they fail to generalize well when tested across all three categories. Poor generalization can be attributed to learning incoherent attacks jointly. To overcome this shortcoming, we propose a unified attack detection framework, namely UniFAD, that can automatically cluster 25 coherent attack types belonging to the three categories. Using a multi-task learning framework along with k-means clustering, UniFAD learns joint representations for coherent attacks, while uncorrelated attack types are learned separately. Proposed UniFAD outperforms prevailing defense methods and their fusion with an overall TDR = 94.73% @ 0.2% FDR on a large fake face dataset consisting of 341K bona fide images and 448K attack images of 25 types across all 3 categories. Proposed method can detect an attack within 3 milliseconds on a Nvidia 2080Ti. UniFAD can also identify the attack types and categories with 75.81% and 97.37% accuracies, respectively.      
### 70.Adaptive Clustering of Robust Semantic Representations for Adversarial Image Purification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02155.pdf)
>  Deep Learning models are highly susceptible to adversarial manipulations that can lead to catastrophic consequences. One of the most effective methods to defend against such disturbances is adversarial training but at the cost of generalization of unseen attacks and transferability across models. In this paper, we propose a robust defense against adversarial attacks, which is model agnostic and generalizable to unseen adversaries. Initially, with a baseline model, we extract the latent representations for each class and adaptively cluster the latent representations that share a semantic similarity. We obtain the distributions for the clustered latent representations and from their originating images, we learn semantic reconstruction dictionaries (SRD). We adversarially train a new model constraining the latent space representation to minimize the distance between the adversarial latent representation and the true cluster distribution. To purify the image, we decompose the input into low and high-frequency components. The high-frequency component is reconstructed based on the most adequate SRD from the clean dataset. In order to evaluate the most adequate SRD, we rely on the distance between robust latent representations and semantic cluster distributions. The output is a purified image with no perturbation. Image purification on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet-10 using our proposed method improved the accuracy by more than 10% compared to state-of-the-art results.      
### 71.Automatic Micro-Expression Apex Frame Spotting using Local Binary Pattern from Six Intersection Planes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02149.pdf)
>  Facial expressions are one of the most effective ways for non-verbal communications, which can be expressed as the Micro-Expression (ME) in the high-stake situations. The MEs are involuntary, rapid, and, subtle, and they can reveal real human intentions. However, their feature extraction is very challenging due to their low intensity and very short duration. Although Local Binary Pattern from Three Orthogonal Plane (LBP-TOP) feature extractor is useful for the ME analysis, it does not consider essential information. To address this problem, we propose a new feature extractor called Local Binary Pattern from Six Intersection Planes (LBP-SIPl). This method extracts LBP code on six intersection planes, and then it combines them. Results show that the proposed method has superior performance in apex frame spotting automatically in comparison with the relevant methods on the CASME database. Simulation results show that, using the proposed method, the apex frame has been spotted in 43% of subjects in the CASME database, automatically. Also, the mean absolute error of 1.76 is achieved, using our novel proposed method.      
### 72.Action Shuffle Alternating Learning for Unsupervised Action Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02116.pdf)
>  This paper addresses unsupervised action segmentation. Prior work captures the frame-level temporal structure of videos by a feature embedding that encodes time locations of frames in the video. We advance prior work with a new self-supervised learning (SSL) of a feature embedding that accounts for both frame- and action-level structure of videos. Our SSL trains an RNN to recognize positive and negative action sequences, and the RNN's hidden layer is taken as our new action-level feature embedding. The positive and negative sequences consist of action segments sampled from videos, where in the former the sampled action segments respect their time ordering in the video, and in the latter they are shuffled. As supervision of actions is not available and our SSL requires access to action segments, we specify an HMM that explicitly models action lengths, and infer a MAP action segmentation with the Viterbi algorithm. The resulting action segmentation is used as pseudo-ground truth for estimating our action-level feature embedding and updating the HMM. We alternate the above steps within the Generalized EM framework, which ensures convergence. Our evaluation on the Breakfast, YouTube Instructions, and 50Salads datasets gives superior results to those of the state of the art.      
### 73.Anchor-Constrained Viterbi for Set-Supervised Action Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02113.pdf)
>  This paper is about action segmentation under weak supervision in training, where the ground truth provides only a set of actions present, but neither their temporal ordering nor when they occur in a training video. We use a Hidden Markov Model (HMM) grounded on a multilayer perceptron (MLP) to label video frames, and thus generate a pseudo-ground truth for the subsequent pseudo-supervised training. In testing, a Monte Carlo sampling of action sets seen in training is used to generate candidate temporal sequences of actions, and select the maximum posterior sequence. Our key contribution is a new anchor-constrained Viterbi algorithm (ACV) for generating the pseudo-ground truth, where anchors are salient action parts estimated for each action from a given ground-truth set. Our evaluation on the tasks of action segmentation and alignment on the benchmark Breakfast, MPII Cooking2, Hollywood Extended datasets demonstrates our superior performance relative to that of prior work.      
### 74.Compressing Visual-linguistic Model via Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02096.pdf)
>  Despite exciting progress in pre-training for visual-linguistic (VL) representations, very few aspire to a small VL model. In this paper, we study knowledge distillation (KD) to effectively compress a transformer-based large VL model into a small VL model. The major challenge arises from the inconsistent regional visual tokens extracted from different detectors of Teacher and Student, resulting in the misalignment of hidden representations and attention distributions. To address the problem, we retrain and adapt the Teacher by using the same region proposals from Student's detector while the features are from Teacher's own object detector. With aligned network inputs, the adapted Teacher is capable of transferring the knowledge through the intermediate representations. Specifically, we use the mean square error loss to mimic the attention distribution inside the transformer block and present a token-wise noise contrastive loss to align the hidden state by contrasting with negative representations stored in a sample queue. To this end, we show that our proposed distillation significantly improves the performance of small VL models on image captioning and visual question answering tasks. It reaches 120.8 in CIDEr score on COCO captioning, an improvement of 5.1 over its non-distilled counterpart; and an accuracy of 69.8 on VQA 2.0, a 0.8 gain from the baseline. Our extensive experiments and ablations confirm the effectiveness of VL distillation in both pre-training and fine-tuning stages.      
### 75.Dopamine Transporter SPECT Image Classification for Neurodegenerative Parkinsonism via Diffusion Maps and Machine Learning Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02066.pdf)
>  Neurodegenerative parkinsonism can be assessed by dopamine transporter single photon emission computed tomography (DaT-SPECT). Although generating images is time-consuming, these images can show interobserver variability and they have been visually interprete by nuclear medicine physicians to date. Accordingly, this study aims to provide an automatic and robust method based on Diffusion Maps and machine learning classifiers to classify the SPECT images into two types, namely Normal and Abnormal DaT-SPECT image groups. In the proposed method, the 3D images of N patients are mapped to an N by N pairwise distance matrix and training set are embedded into a low-dimensional space by using diffusion maps. Moreover, we use Nystrm's out-of-sample extension, which embeds new sample points as the testing set in the reduced space. Testing samples in the embedded space are then classified into two types through the ensemble classifier with Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) and voting procedure through twenty-five-fold cross-validation results. The feasibility of the method is demonstrated via Parkinsonism Progression Markers Initiative (PPMI) dataset of 1097 subjects and a clinical cohort from Kaohsiung Chang Gung Memorial Hospital (KCGMH-TW) of 630 patients. We compare performances using Diffusion Maps with those of three alternative manifold methods for dimension reduction, namely Locally Linear Embedding (LLE), Isomorphic Mapping Algorithm (Isomap), and Kernel Principal Component Analysis (Kernel PCA). We also compare results using through 2D and 3D CNN methods. The diffusion maps method has an average accuracy of 98% from the PPMI and 90% from the KCGMH-TW dataset with twenty-five fold cross-validation results. It outperforms the other three methods concerning the overall accuracy and the robustness in the training and testing samples.      
### 76.The Multi-Agent Behavior Dataset: Mouse Dyadic Social Interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02710.pdf)
>  Multi-agent behavior modeling aims to understand the interactions that occur between agents. We present a multi-agent dataset from behavioral neuroscience, the Caltech Mouse Social Interactions (CalMS21) Dataset. Our dataset consists of the social interactions between freely behaving mice in a standard resident-intruder assay. The CalMS21 dataset is part of the Multi-Agent Behavior Challenge 2021 and for our next step, we aim to incorporate datasets from other domains studying multi-agent behavior. <br>To help accelerate behavioral studies, the CalMS21 dataset provides a benchmark to evaluate the performance of automated behavior classification methods in three settings: (1) for training on large behavioral datasets all annotated by a single annotator, (2) for style transfer to learn inter-annotator differences in behavior definitions, and (3) for learning of new behaviors of interest given limited training data. The dataset consists of 6 million frames of unlabelled tracked poses of interacting mice, as well as over 1 million frames with tracked poses and corresponding frame-level behavior annotations. The challenge of our dataset is to be able to classify behaviors accurately using both labelled and unlabelled tracking data, as well as being able to generalize to new annotators and behaviors.      
### 77.A New Parallel Adaptive Clustering and its Application to Streaming Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02680.pdf)
>  This paper presents a parallel adaptive clustering (PAC) algorithm to automatically classify data while simultaneously choosing a suitable number of classes. Clustering is an important tool for data analysis and understanding in a broad set of areas including data reduction, pattern analysis, and classification. However, the requirement to specify the number of clusters in advance and the computational burden associated with clustering large sets of data persist as challenges in clustering. We propose a new parallel adaptive clustering (PAC) algorithm that addresses these challenges by adaptively computing the number of clusters and leveraging the power of parallel computing. The algorithm clusters disjoint subsets of the data on parallel computation threads. We develop regularized set \mi{k}-means to efficiently cluster the results from the parallel threads. A refinement step further improves the clusters. The PAC algorithm offers the capability to adaptively cluster data sets which change over time by reusing the information from previous time steps to decrease computation. We provide theoretical analysis and numerical experiments to characterize the performance of the method, validate its properties, and demonstrate the computational efficiency of the method.      
### 78.Comparing Transfer and Meta Learning Approaches on a Unified Few-Shot Classification Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02638.pdf)
>  Meta and transfer learning are two successful families of approaches to few-shot learning. Despite highly related goals, state-of-the-art advances in each family are measured largely in isolation of each other. As a result of diverging evaluation norms, a direct or thorough comparison of different approaches is challenging. To bridge this gap, we perform a cross-family study of the best transfer and meta learners on both a large-scale meta-learning benchmark (Meta-Dataset, MD), and a transfer learning benchmark (Visual Task Adaptation Benchmark, VTAB). We find that, on average, large-scale transfer methods (Big Transfer, BiT) outperform competing approaches on MD, even when trained only on ImageNet. In contrast, meta-learning approaches struggle to compete on VTAB when trained and validated on MD. However, BiT is not without limitations, and pushing for scale does not improve performance on highly out-of-distribution MD tasks. In performing this study, we reveal a number of discrepancies in evaluation norms and study some of these in light of the performance gap. We hope that this work facilitates sharing of insights from each community, and accelerates progress on few-shot learning.      
### 79.I-ODA, Real-World Multi-modal Longitudinal Data for OphthalmicApplications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02609.pdf)
>  Data from clinical real-world settings is characterized by variability in quality, machine-type, setting, and source. One of the primary goals of medical computer vision is to develop and validate artificial intelligence (AI) based algorithms on real-world data enabling clinical translations. However, despite the exponential growth in AI based applications in healthcare, specifically in ophthalmology, translations to clinical settings remain challenging. Limited access to adequate and diverse real-world data inhibits the development and validation of translatable algorithms. In this paper, we present a new multi-modal longitudinal ophthalmic imaging dataset, the Illinois Ophthalmic Database Atlas (I-ODA), with the goal of advancing state-of-the-art computer vision applications in ophthalmology, and improving upon the translatable capacity of AI based applications across different clinical settings. We present the infrastructure employed to collect, annotate, and anonymize images from multiple sources, demonstrating the complexity of real-world retrospective data and its limitations. I-ODA includes 12 imaging modalities with a total of 3,668,649 ophthalmic images of 33,876 individuals from the Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences at the Illinois Eye and Ear Infirmary of the University of Illinois Chicago (UIC) over the course of 12 years.      
### 80.Pathological Image Segmentation with Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02602.pdf)
>  Segmentation of pathological images is essential for accurate disease diagnosis. The quality of manual labels plays a critical role in segmentation accuracy; yet, in practice, the labels between pathologists could be inconsistent, thus confusing the training process. In this work, we propose a novel label re-weighting framework to account for the reliability of different experts' labels on each pixel according to its surrounding features. We further devise a new attention heatmap, which takes roughness as prior knowledge to guide the model to focus on important regions. Our approach is evaluated on the public Gleason 2019 datasets. The results show that our approach effectively improves the model's robustness against noisy labels and outperforms state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 81.Noise Estimation for Generative Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02600.pdf)
>  Generative diffusion models have emerged as leading models in speech and image generation. However, in order to perform well with a small number of denoising steps, a costly tuning of the set of noise parameters is needed. In this work, we present a simple and versatile learning scheme that can step-by-step adjust those noise parameters, for any given number of steps, while the previous work needs to retune for each number separately. Furthermore, without modifying the weights of the diffusion model, we are able to significantly improve the synthesis results, for a small number of steps. Our approach comes at a negligible computation cost.      
### 82.Speaker embeddings by modeling channel-wise correlations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02571.pdf)
>  Speaker embeddings extracted with deep 2D convolutional neural networks are typically modeled as projections of first and second order statistics of channel-frequency pairs onto a linear layer, using either average or attentive pooling along the time axis. In this paper we examine an alternative pooling method, where pairwise correlations between channels for given frequencies are used as statistics. The method is inspired by style-transfer methods in computer vision, where the style of an image, modeled by the matrix of channel-wise correlations, is transferred to another image, in order to produce a new image having the style of the first and the content of the second. By drawing analogies between image style and speaker characteristics, and between image content and phonetic sequence, we explore the use of such channel-wise correlations features to train a ResNet architecture in an end-to-end fashion. Our experiments on VoxCeleb demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed pooling method in speaker recognition.      
### 83.Searching Efficient Model-guided Deep Network for Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02525.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) has recently reshaped our understanding on various vision tasks. Similar to the success of NAS in high-level vision tasks, it is possible to find a memory and computationally efficient solution via NAS with highly competent denoising performance. However, the optimization gap between the super-network and the sub-architectures has remained an open issue in both low-level and high-level vision. In this paper, we present a novel approach to filling in this gap by connecting model-guided design with NAS (MoD-NAS) and demonstrate its application into image denoising. Specifically, we propose to construct a new search space under model-guided framework and develop more stable and efficient differential search strategies. MoD-NAS employs a highly reusable width search strategy and a densely connected search block to automatically select the operations of each layer as well as network width and depth via gradient descent. During the search process, the proposed MoG-NAS is capable of avoiding mode collapse due to the smoother search space designed under the model-guided framework. Experimental results on several popular datasets show that our MoD-NAS has achieved even better PSNR performance than current state-of-the-art methods with fewer parameters, lower number of flops, and less amount of testing time.      
### 84.Towards Semantic Interpretation of Thoracic Disease and COVID-19 Diagnosis Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02481.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks are showing promise in the automatic diagnosis of thoracic pathologies on chest x-rays. Their black-box nature has sparked many recent works to explain the prediction via input feature attribution methods (aka saliency methods). However, input feature attribution methods merely identify the importance of input regions for the prediction and lack semantic interpretation of model behavior. In this work, we first identify the semantics associated with internal units (feature maps) of the network. We proceed to investigate the following questions; Does a regression model that is only trained with COVID-19 severity scores implicitly learn visual patterns associated with thoracic pathologies? Does a network that is trained on weakly labeled data (e.g. healthy, unhealthy) implicitly learn pathologies? Moreover, we investigate the effect of pretraining and data imbalance on the interpretability of learned features. In addition to the analysis, we propose semantic attribution to semantically explain each prediction. We present our findings using publicly available chest pathologies (CheXpert, NIH ChestX-ray8) and COVID-19 datasets (BrixIA, and COVID-19 chest X-ray segmentation dataset). The Code is publicly available.      
### 85.Ensemble deep learning: A review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02395.pdf)
>  Ensemble learning combines several individual models to obtain better generalization performance. Currently, deep learning models with multilayer processing architecture is showing better performance as compared to the shallow or traditional classification models. Deep ensemble learning models combine the advantages of both the deep learning models as well as the ensemble learning such that the final model has better generalization performance. This paper reviews the state-of-art deep ensemble models and hence serves as an extensive summary for the researchers. The ensemble models are broadly categorised into ensemble models like bagging, boosting and stacking, negative correlation based deep ensemble models, explicit/implicit ensembles, homogeneous /heterogeneous ensemble, decision fusion strategies, unsupervised, semi-supervised, reinforcement learning and online/incremental, multilabel based deep ensemble models. Application of deep ensemble models in different domains is also briefly discussed. Finally, we conclude this paper with some future recommendations and research directions.      
### 86.Backdoor Attack in the Physical World  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02361.pdf)
>  Backdoor attack intends to inject hidden backdoor into the deep neural networks (DNNs), such that the prediction of infected models will be maliciously changed if the hidden backdoor is activated by the attacker-defined trigger. Currently, most existing backdoor attacks adopted the setting of static trigger, $i.e.,$ triggers across the training and testing images follow the same appearance and are located in the same area. In this paper, we revisit this attack paradigm by analyzing trigger characteristics. We demonstrate that this attack paradigm is vulnerable when the trigger in testing images is not consistent with the one used for training. As such, those attacks are far less effective in the physical world, where the location and appearance of the trigger in the digitized image may be different from that of the one used for training. Moreover, we also discuss how to alleviate such vulnerability. We hope that this work could inspire more explorations on backdoor properties, to help the design of more advanced backdoor attack and defense methods.      
### 87.Pyramid U-Net for Retinal Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02333.pdf)
>  Retinal blood vessel can assist doctors in diagnosis of eye-related diseases such as diabetes and hypertension, and its segmentation is particularly important for automatic retinal image analysis. However, it is challenging to segment these vessels structures, especially the thin capillaries from the color retinal image due to low contrast and ambiguousness. In this paper, we propose pyramid U-Net for accurate retinal vessel segmentation. In pyramid U-Net, the proposed pyramid-scale aggregation blocks (PSABs) are employed in both the encoder and decoder to aggregate features at higher, current and lower levels. In this way, coarse-to-fine context information is shared and aggregated in each block thus to improve the location of capillaries. To further improve performance, two optimizations including pyramid inputs enhancement and deep pyramid supervision are applied to PSABs in the encoder and decoder, respectively. For PSABs in the encoder, scaled input images are added as extra inputs. While for PSABs in the decoder, scaled intermediate outputs are supervised by the scaled segmentation labels. Extensive evaluations show that our pyramid U-Net outperforms the current state-of-the-art methods on the public DRIVE and CHASE-DB1 datasets.      
### 88.Brain Tumors Classification for MR images based on Attention Guided Deep Learning Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02331.pdf)
>  In the clinical diagnosis and treatment of brain tumors, manual image reading consumes a lot of energy and time. In recent years, the automatic tumor classification technology based on deep learning has entered people's field of vision. Brain tumors can be divided into primary and secondary intracranial tumors according to their source. However, to our best knowledge, most existing research on brain tumors are limited to primary intracranial tumor images and cannot classify the source of the tumor. In order to solve the task of tumor source type classification, we analyze the existing technology and propose an attention guided deep convolution neural network (CNN) model. Meanwhile, the method proposed in this paper also effectively improves the accuracy of classifying the presence or absence of tumor. For the brain MR dataset, our method can achieve the average accuracy of 99.18% under ten-fold cross-validation for identifying the presence or absence of tumor, and 83.38% for classifying the source of tumor. Experimental results show that our method is consistent with the method of medical experts. It can assist doctors in achieving efficient clinical diagnosis of brain tumors.      
### 89.Self-Supervised Learning based CT Denoising using Pseudo-CT Image Pairs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02326.pdf)
>  Recently, Self-supervised learning methods able to perform image denoising without ground truth labels have been proposed. These methods create low-quality images by adding random or Gaussian noise to images and then train a model for denoising. Ideally, it would be beneficial if one can generate high-quality CT images with only a few training samples via self-supervision. However, the performance of CT denoising is generally limited due to the complexity of CT noise. To address this problem, we propose a novel self-supervised learning-based CT denoising method. In particular, we train pre-train CT denoising and noise models that can predict CT noise from Low-dose CT (LDCT) using available LDCT and Normal-dose CT (NDCT) pairs. For a given test LDCT, we generate Pseudo-LDCT and NDCT pairs using the pre-trained denoising and noise models and then update the parameters of the denoising model using these pairs to remove noise in the test LDCT. To make realistic Pseudo LDCT, we train multiple noise models from individual images and generate the noise using the ensemble of noise models. We evaluate our method on the 2016 AAPM Low-Dose CT Grand Challenge dataset. The proposed ensemble noise model can generate realistic CT noise, and thus our method significantly improves the denoising performance existing denoising models trained by supervised- and self-supervised learning.      
### 90.A clinical validation of VinDr-CXR, an AI system for detecting abnormal chest radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02256.pdf)
>  Computer-Aided Diagnosis (CAD) systems for chest radiographs using artificial intelligence (AI) have recently shown a great potential as a second opinion for radiologists. The performances of such systems, however, were mostly evaluated on a fixed dataset in a retrospective manner and, thus, far from the real performances in clinical practice. In this work, we demonstrate a mechanism for validating an AI-based system for detecting abnormalities on X-ray scans, VinDr-CXR, at the Phu Tho General Hospital{a provincial hospital in the North of Vietnam. The AI system was directly integrated into the Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS) of the hospital after being trained on a fixed annotated dataset from other sources. The performance of the system was prospectively measured by matching and comparing the AI results with the radiology reports of 6,285 chest X-ray examinations extracted from the Hospital Information System (HIS) over the last two months of 2020. The normal/abnormal status of a radiology report was determined by a set of rules and served as the ground truth. Our system achieves an F1 score{the harmonic average of the recall and the precision{of 0.653 (95% CI 0.635, 0.671) for detecting any abnormalities on chest X-rays. Despite a significant drop from the in-lab performance, this result establishes a high level of confidence in applying such a system in real-life situations.      
### 91.In-Line Image Transformations for Imbalanced, Multiclass Computer Vision Classification of Lung Chest X-Rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02238.pdf)
>  Artificial intelligence (AI) is disrupting the medical field as advances in modern technology allow common household computers to learn anatomical and pathological features that distinguish between healthy and disease with the accuracy of highly specialized, trained physicians. Computer vision AI applications use medical imaging, such as lung chest X-Rays (LCXRs), to facilitate diagnoses by providing second-opinions in addition to a physician's or radiologist's interpretation. Considering the advent of the current Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic, LCXRs may provide rapid insights to indirectly aid in infection containment, however generating a reliably labeled image dataset for a novel disease is not an easy feat, nor is it of highest priority when combating a global pandemic. Deep learning techniques such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are able to select features that distinguish between healthy and disease states for other lung pathologies; this study aims to leverage that body of literature in order to apply image transformations that would serve to balance the lack of COVID-19 LCXR data. Furthermore, this study utilizes a simple CNN architecture for high-performance multiclass LCXR classification at 94 percent accuracy.      
### 92.Beyond Categorical Label Representations for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02226.pdf)
>  We find that the way we choose to represent data labels can have a profound effect on the quality of trained models. For example, training an image classifier to regress audio labels rather than traditional categorical probabilities produces a more reliable classification. This result is surprising, considering that audio labels are more complex than simpler numerical probabilities or text. We hypothesize that high dimensional, high entropy label representations are generally more useful because they provide a stronger error signal. We support this hypothesis with evidence from various label representations including constant matrices, spectrograms, shuffled spectrograms, Gaussian mixtures, and uniform random matrices of various dimensionalities. Our experiments reveal that high dimensional, high entropy labels achieve comparable accuracy to text (categorical) labels on the standard image classification task, but features learned through our label representations exhibit more robustness under various adversarial attacks and better effectiveness with a limited amount of training data. These results suggest that label representation may play a more important role than previously thought. The project website is at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.creativemachineslab.com/label-representation.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 93.Insight about Detection, Prediction and Weather Impact of Coronavirus (Covid-19) using Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02173.pdf)
>  The world is facing a tough situation due to the catastrophic pandemic caused by novel coronavirus (COVID-19). The number people affected by this virus are increasing exponentially day by day and the number has already crossed 6.4 million. As no vaccine has been discovered yet, the early detection of patients and isolation is the only and most effective way to reduce the spread of the virus. Detecting infected persons from chest X-Ray by using Deep Neural Networks, can be applied as a time and laborsaving solution. In this study, we tried to detect Covid-19 by classification of Covid-19, pneumonia and normal chest X-Rays. We used five different Convolutional Pre-Trained Neural Network models (VGG16, VGG19, Xception, InceptionV3 and Resnet50) and compared their performance. VGG16 and VGG19 shows precise performance in classification. Both models can classify between three kinds of X-Rays with an accuracy over 92%. Another part of our study was to find the impact of weather factors (temperature, humidity, sun hour and wind speed) on this pandemic using Decision Tree Regressor. We found that temperature, humidity and sun-hour jointly hold 85.88% impact on escalation of Covid-19 and 91.89% impact on death due to Covid-19 where humidity has 8.09% impact on death. We also tried to predict the death of an individual based on age, gender, country, and location due to COVID-19 using the LogisticRegression, which can predict death of an individual with a model accuracy of 94.40%.      
### 94.Jekyll: Attacking Medical Image Diagnostics using Deep Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02107.pdf)
>  Advances in deep neural networks (DNNs) have shown tremendous promise in the medical domain. However, the deep learning tools that are helping the domain, can also be used against it. Given the prevalence of fraud in the healthcare domain, it is important to consider the adversarial use of DNNs in manipulating sensitive data that is crucial to patient healthcare. In this work, we present the design and implementation of a DNN-based image translation attack on biomedical imagery. More specifically, we propose Jekyll, a neural style transfer framework that takes as input a biomedical image of a patient and translates it to a new image that indicates an attacker-chosen disease condition. The potential for fraudulent claims based on such generated 'fake' medical images is significant, and we demonstrate successful attacks on both X-rays and retinal fundus image modalities. We show that these attacks manage to mislead both medical professionals and algorithmic detection schemes. Lastly, we also investigate defensive measures based on machine learning to detect images generated by Jekyll.      
### 95.Toward Generating Synthetic CT Volumes using a 3D-Conditional Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02060.pdf)
>  We present a novel conditional Generative Adversarial Network (cGAN) architecture that is capable of generating 3D Computed Tomography scans in voxels from noisy and/or pixelated approximations and with the potential to generate full synthetic 3D scan volumes. We believe conditional cGAN to be a tractable approach to generate 3D CT volumes, even though the problem of generating full resolution deep fakes is presently impractical due to GPU memory limitations. We present results for autoencoder, denoising, and depixelating tasks which are trained and tested on two novel COVID19 CT datasets. Our evaluation metrics, Peak Signal to Noise ratio (PSNR) range from 12.53 - 46.46 dB, and the Structural Similarity index ( SSIM) range from 0.89 to 1.      
