# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 28 Apr 2021
### 1.BasicVSR++: Improving Video Super-Resolution with Enhanced Propagation and Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13371.pdf)
>  A recurrent structure is a popular framework choice for the task of video super-resolution. The state-of-the-art method BasicVSR adopts bidirectional propagation with feature alignment to effectively exploit information from the entire input video. In this study, we redesign BasicVSR by proposing second-order grid propagation and flow-guided deformable alignment. We show that by empowering the recurrent framework with the enhanced propagation and alignment, one can exploit spatiotemporal information across misaligned video frames more effectively. The new components lead to an improved performance under a similar computational constraint. In particular, our model BasicVSR++ surpasses BasicVSR by 0.82 dB in PSNR with similar number of parameters. In addition to video super-resolution, BasicVSR++ generalizes well to other video restoration tasks such as compressed video enhancement. In NTIRE 2021, BasicVSR++ obtains three champions and one runner-up in the Video Super-Resolution and Compressed Video Enhancement Challenges. Codes and models will be released to MMEditing.      
### 2.Explaining in Style: Training a GAN to explain a classifier in StyleSpace  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13369.pdf)
>  Image classification models can depend on multiple different semantic attributes of the image. An explanation of the decision of the classifier needs to both discover and visualize these properties. Here we present StylEx, a method for doing this, by training a generative model to specifically explain multiple attributes that underlie classifier decisions. A natural source for such attributes is the StyleSpace of StyleGAN, which is known to generate semantically meaningful dimensions in the image. However, because standard GAN training is not dependent on the classifier, it may not represent these attributes which are important for the classifier decision, and the dimensions of StyleSpace may represent irrelevant attributes. To overcome this, we propose a training procedure for a StyleGAN, which incorporates the classifier model, in order to learn a classifier-specific StyleSpace. Explanatory attributes are then selected from this space. These can be used to visualize the effect of changing multiple attributes per image, thus providing image-specific explanations. We apply StylEx to multiple domains, including animals, leaves, faces and retinal images. For these, we show how an image can be modified in different ways to change its classifier output. Our results show that the method finds attributes that align well with semantic ones, generate meaningful image-specific explanations, and are human-interpretable as measured in user-studies.      
### 3.Unsupervised 3D Shape Completion through GAN Inversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13366.pdf)
>  Most 3D shape completion approaches rely heavily on partial-complete shape pairs and learn in a fully supervised manner. Despite their impressive performances on in-domain data, when generalizing to partial shapes in other forms or real-world partial scans, they often obtain unsatisfactory results due to domain gaps. In contrast to previous fully supervised approaches, in this paper we present ShapeInversion, which introduces Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) inversion to shape completion for the first time. ShapeInversion uses a GAN pre-trained on complete shapes by searching for a latent code that gives a complete shape that best reconstructs the given partial input. In this way, ShapeInversion no longer needs paired training data, and is capable of incorporating the rich prior captured in a well-trained generative model. On the ShapeNet benchmark, the proposed ShapeInversion outperforms the SOTA unsupervised method, and is comparable with supervised methods that are learned using paired data. It also demonstrates remarkable generalization ability, giving robust results for real-world scans and partial inputs of various forms and incompleteness levels. Importantly, ShapeInversion naturally enables a series of additional abilities thanks to the involvement of a pre-trained GAN, such as producing multiple valid complete shapes for an ambiguous partial input, as well as shape manipulation and interpolation.      
### 4.NTIRE 2021 Depth Guided Image Relighting Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13365.pdf)
>  Image relighting is attracting increasing interest due to its various applications. From a research perspective, image relighting can be exploited to conduct both image normalization for domain adaptation, and also for data augmentation. It also has multiple direct uses for photo montage and aesthetic enhancement. In this paper, we review the NTIRE 2021 depth guided image relighting challenge. <br>We rely on the VIDIT dataset for each of our two challenge tracks, including depth information. The first track is on one-to-one relighting where the goal is to transform the illumination setup of an input image (color temperature and light source position) to the target illumination setup. In the second track, the any-to-any relighting challenge, the objective is to transform the illumination settings of the input image to match those of another guide image, similar to style transfer. In both tracks, participants were given depth information about the captured scenes. We had nearly 250 registered participants, leading to 18 confirmed team submissions in the final competition stage. The competitions, methods, and final results are presented in this paper.      
### 5.MVS2D: Efficient Multi-view Stereo via Attention-Driven 2D Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13325.pdf)
>  Deep learning has made significant impacts on multi-view stereo systems. State-of-the-art approaches typically involve building a cost volume, followed by multiple 3D convolution operations to recover the input image's pixel-wise depth. While such end-to-end learning of plane-sweeping stereo advances public benchmarks' accuracy, they are typically very slow to compute. We present MVS2D, a highly efficient multi-view stereo algorithm that seamlessly integrates multi-view constraints into single-view networks via an attention mechanism. Since MVS2D only builds on 2D convolutions, it is at least 4x faster than all the notable counterparts. Moreover, our algorithm produces precise depth estimations, achieving state-of-the-art results on challenging benchmarks ScanNet, SUN3D, and RGBD. Even under inexact camera poses, our algorithm still out-performs all other algorithms. Supplementary materials and code will be available at the project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zhenpeiyang.github.io/MVS2D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 6.Self-distillation with Batch Knowledge Ensembling Improves ImageNet Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13298.pdf)
>  The recent studies of knowledge distillation have discovered that ensembling the "dark knowledge" from multiple teachers or students contributes to creating better soft targets for training, but at the cost of significantly more computations and/or parameters. In this work, we present BAtch Knowledge Ensembling (BAKE) to produce refined soft targets for anchor images by propagating and ensembling the knowledge of the other samples in the same mini-batch. Specifically, for each sample of interest, the propagation of knowledge is weighted in accordance with the inter-sample affinities, which are estimated on-the-fly with the current network. The propagated knowledge can then be ensembled to form a better soft target for distillation. In this way, our BAKE framework achieves online knowledge ensembling across multiple samples with only a single network. It requires minimal computational and memory overhead compared to existing knowledge ensembling methods. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the lightweight yet effective BAKE consistently boosts the classification performance of various architectures on multiple datasets, e.g., a significant +1.2% gain of ResNet-50 on ImageNet with only +3.7% computational overhead and zero additional parameters. BAKE does not only improve the vanilla baselines, but also surpasses the single-network state-of-the-arts on all the benchmarks.      
### 7.Semi-supervised Superpixel-based Multi-Feature Graph Learning for Hyperspectral Image Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13268.pdf)
>  Graphs naturally lend themselves to model the complexities of Hyperspectral Image (HSI) data as well as to serve as semi-supervised classifiers by propagating given labels among nearest neighbours. In this work, we present a novel framework for the classification of HSI data in light of a very limited amount of labelled data, inspired by multi-view graph learning and graph signal processing. Given an a priori superpixel-segmented hyperspectral image, we seek a robust and efficient graph construction and label propagation method to conduct semi-supervised learning (SSL). Since the graph is paramount to the success of the subsequent classification task, particularly in light of the intrinsic complexity of HSI data, we consider the problem of finding the optimal graph to model such data. Our contribution is two-fold: firstly, we propose a multi-stage edge-efficient semi-supervised graph learning framework for HSI data which exploits given label information through pseudo-label features embedded in the graph construction. Secondly, we examine and enhance the contribution of multiple superpixel features embedded in the graph on the basis of pseudo-labels in an extension of the previous framework, which is less reliant on excessive parameter tuning. Ultimately, we demonstrate the superiority of our approaches in comparison with state-of-the-art methods through extensive numerical experiments.      
### 8.Width Transfer: On the (In)variance of Width Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13255.pdf)
>  Optimizing the channel counts for different layers of a CNN has shown great promise in improving the efficiency of CNNs at test-time. However, these methods often introduce large computational overhead (e.g., an additional 2x FLOPs of standard training). Minimizing this overhead could therefore significantly speed up training. In this work, we propose width transfer, a technique that harnesses the assumptions that the optimized widths (or channel counts) are regular across sizes and depths. We show that width transfer works well across various width optimization algorithms and networks. Specifically, we can achieve up to 320x reduction in width optimization overhead without compromising the top-1 accuracy on ImageNet, making the additional cost of width optimization negligible relative to initial training. Our findings not only suggest an efficient way to conduct width optimization but also highlight that the widths that lead to better accuracy are invariant to various aspects of network architectures and training data.      
### 9.Every Annotation Counts: Multi-label Deep Supervision for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13243.pdf)
>  Pixel-wise segmentation is one of the most data and annotation hungry tasks in our field. Providing representative and accurate annotations is often mission-critical especially for challenging medical applications. In this paper, we propose a semi-weakly supervised segmentation algorithm to overcome this barrier. Our approach is based on a new formulation of deep supervision and student-teacher model and allows for easy integration of different supervision signals. In contrast to previous work, we show that care has to be taken how deep supervision is integrated in lower layers and we present multi-label deep supervision as the most important secret ingredient for success. With our novel training regime for segmentation that flexibly makes use of images that are either fully labeled, marked with bounding boxes, just global labels, or not at all, we are able to cut the requirement for expensive labels by 94.22% - narrowing the gap to the best fully supervised baseline to only 5% mean IoU. Our approach is validated by extensive experiments on retinal fluid segmentation and we provide an in-depth analysis of the anticipated effect each annotation type can have in boosting segmentation performance.      
### 10.LasHeR: A Large-scale High-diversity Benchmark for RGBT Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13202.pdf)
>  RGBT tracking receives a surge of interest in the computer vision community, but this research field lacks a large-scale and high-diversity benchmark dataset, which is essential for both the training of deep RGBT trackers and the comprehensive evaluation of RGBT tracking methods. To this end, we present a Large-scale High-diversity benchmark for RGBT tracking (LasHeR) in this work. LasHeR consists of 1224 visible and thermal infrared video pairs with more than 730K frame pairs in total. Each frame pair is spatially aligned and manually annotated with a bounding box, making the dataset well and densely annotated. LasHeR is highly diverse capturing from a broad range of object categories, camera viewpoints, scene complexities and environmental factors across seasons, weathers, day and night. We conduct a comprehensive performance evaluation of 12 RGBT tracking algorithms on the LasHeR dataset and present detailed analysis to clarify the research room in RGBT tracking. In addition, we release the unaligned version of LasHeR to attract the research interest for alignment-free RGBT tracking, which is a more practical task in real-world applications. The datasets and evaluation protocols are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BUGPLEASEOUT/LasHeR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Rethinking BiSeNet For Real-time Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13188.pdf)
>  BiSeNet has been proved to be a popular two-stream network for real-time segmentation. However, its principle of adding an extra path to encode spatial information is time-consuming, and the backbones borrowed from pretrained tasks, e.g., image classification, may be inefficient for image segmentation due to the deficiency of task-specific design. To handle these problems, we propose a novel and efficient structure named Short-Term Dense Concatenate network (STDC network) by removing structure redundancy. Specifically, we gradually reduce the dimension of feature maps and use the aggregation of them for image representation, which forms the basic module of STDC network. In the decoder, we propose a Detail Aggregation module by integrating the learning of spatial information into low-level layers in single-stream manner. Finally, the low-level features and deep features are fused to predict the final segmentation results. Extensive experiments on Cityscapes and CamVid dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of our method by achieving promising trade-off between segmentation accuracy and inference speed. On Cityscapes, we achieve 71.9% mIoU on the test set with a speed of 250.4 FPS on NVIDIA GTX 1080Ti, which is 45.2% faster than the latest methods, and achieve 76.8% mIoU with 97.0 FPS while inferring on higher resolution images.      
### 12.LUCES: A Dataset for Near-Field Point Light Source Photometric Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13135.pdf)
>  Three-dimensional reconstruction of objects from shading information is a challenging task in computer vision. As most of the approaches facing the Photometric Stereo problem use simplified far-field assumptions, real-world scenarios have essentially more complex physical effects that need to be handled for accurately reconstructing the 3D shape. An increasing number of methods have been proposed to address the problem when point light sources are assumed to be nearby the target object. The proximity of the light sources complicates the modeling of the image formation as the light behaviour requires non-linear parameterisation to describe its propagation and attenuation. <br>To understand the capability of the approaches dealing with this near-field scenario, the literature till now has used synthetically rendered photometric images or minimal and very customised real-world data. In order to fill the gap in evaluating near-field photometric stereo methods, we introduce LUCES the first real-world 'dataset for near-fieLd point light soUrCe photomEtric Stereo' of 14 objects of a varying of materials. A device counting 52 LEDs has been designed to lit each object positioned 10 to 30 centimeters away from the camera. Together with the raw images, in order to evaluate the 3D reconstructions, the dataset includes both normal and depth maps for comparing different features of the retrieved 3D geometry. Furthermore, we evaluate the performance of the latest near-field Photometric Stereo algorithms on the proposed dataset to assess the SOTA method with respect to actual close range effects and object materials.      
### 13.Fisheye Lens Camera based Autonomous Valet Parking System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13119.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an efficient autonomous valet parking system utilizing only cameras which are the most widely used sensor. To capture more information instantaneously and respond rapidly to changes in the surrounding environment, fisheye cameras which have a wider angle of view compared to pinhole cameras are used. Accordingly, visual simultaneous localization and mapping is used to identify the layout of the parking lot and track the location of the vehicle. In addition, the input image frames are converted into around view monitor images to resolve the distortion of fisheye lens because the algorithm to detect edges are supposed to be applied to images taken with pinhole cameras. The proposed system adopts a look up table for real time operation by minimizing the computational complexity encountered when processing AVM images. The detection rate of each process and the success rate of autonomous parking were measured to evaluate performance. The experimental results confirm that autonomous parking can be achieved using only visual sensors.      
### 14.Weakly Supervised Volumetric Segmentation via Self-taught Shape Denoising Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13082.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised segmentation is an important problem in medical image analysis due to the high cost of pixelwise annotation. Prior methods, while often focusing on weak labels of 2D images, exploit few structural cues of volumetric medical images. To address this, we propose a novel weakly-supervised segmentation strategy capable of better capturing 3D shape prior in both model prediction and learning. Our main idea is to extract a self-taught shape representation by leveraging weak labels, and then integrate this representation into segmentation prediction for shape refinement. To this end, we design a deep network consisting of a segmentation module and a shape denoising module, which are trained by an iterative learning strategy. Moreover, we introduce a weak annotation scheme with a hybrid label design for volumetric images, which improves model learning without increasing the overall annotation cost. The empirical experiments show that our approach outperforms existing SOTA strategies on three organ segmentation benchmarks with distinctive shape properties. Notably, we can achieve strong performance with even 10\% labeled slices, which is significantly superior to other methods.      
### 15.Graphical Modeling for Multi-Source Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13057.pdf)
>  Multi-Source Domain Adaptation (MSDA) focuses on transferring the knowledge from multiple source domains to the target domain, which is a more practical and challenging problem compared to the conventional single-source domain adaptation. In this problem, it is essential to utilize the labeled source data and the unlabeled target data to approach the conditional distribution of semantic label on target domain, which requires the joint modeling across different domains and also an effective domain combination scheme. The graphical structure among different domains is useful to tackle these challenges, in which the interdependency among various instances/categories can be effectively modeled. In this work, we propose two types of graphical models,i.e. Conditional Random Field for MSDA (CRF-MSDA) and Markov Random Field for MSDA (MRF-MSDA), for cross-domain joint modeling and learnable domain combination. In a nutshell, given an observation set composed of a query sample and the semantic prototypes i.e. representative category embeddings) on various domains, the CRF-MSDA model seeks to learn the joint distribution of labels conditioned on the observations. We attain this goal by constructing a relational graph over all observations and conducting local message passing on it. By comparison, MRF-MSDA aims to model the joint distribution of observations over different Markov networks via an energy-based formulation, and it can naturally perform label prediction by summing the joint likelihoods over several specific networks. Compared to the CRF-MSDA counterpart, the MRF-MSDA model is more expressive and possesses lower computational cost. We evaluate these two models on four standard benchmark data sets of MSDA with distinct domain shift and data complexity, and both models achieve superior performance over existing methods on all benchmarks.      
### 16.Cross-Level Cross-Scale Cross-Attention Network for Point Cloud Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13053.pdf)
>  Self-attention mechanism recently achieves impressive advancement in Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Image Processing domains. And its permutation invariance property makes it ideally suitable for point cloud processing. Inspired by this remarkable success, we propose an end-to-end architecture, dubbed Cross-Level Cross-Scale Cross-Attention Network (CLCSCANet), for point cloud representation learning. First, a point-wise feature pyramid module is introduced to hierarchically extract features from different scales or resolutions. Then a cross-level cross-attention is designed to model long-range inter-level and intra-level dependencies. Finally, we develop a cross-scale cross-attention module to capture interactions between-and-within scales for representation enhancement. Compared with state-of-the-art approaches, our network can obtain competitive performance on challenging 3D object classification, point cloud segmentation tasks via comprehensive experimental evaluation.      
### 17.Three-stream network for enriched Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13051.pdf)
>  Understanding accurate information on human behaviours is one of the most important tasks in machine intelligence. Human Activity Recognition that aims to understand human activities from a video is a challenging task due to various problems including background, camera motion and dataset variations. This paper proposes two CNN based architectures with three streams which allow the model to exploit the dataset under different settings. The three pathways are differentiated in frame rates. The single pathway, operates at a single frame rate captures spatial information, the slow pathway operates at low frame rates captures the spatial information and the fast pathway operates at high frame rates that capture fine temporal information. Post CNN encoders, we add bidirectional LSTM and attention heads respectively to capture the context and temporal features. By experimenting with various algorithms on UCF-101, Kinetics-600 and AVA dataset, we observe that the proposed models achieve state-of-art performance for human action recognition task.      
### 18.Dual Transformer for Point Cloud Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13044.pdf)
>  Following the tremendous success of transformer in natural language processing and image understanding tasks, in this paper, we present a novel point cloud representation learning architecture, named Dual Transformer Network (DTNet), which mainly consists of Dual Point Cloud Transformer (DPCT) module. Specifically, by aggregating the well-designed point-wise and channel-wise multi-head self-attention models simultaneously, DPCT module can capture much richer contextual dependencies semantically from the perspective of position and channel. With the DPCT module as a fundamental component, we construct the DTNet for performing point cloud analysis in an end-to-end manner. Extensive quantitative and qualitative experiments on publicly available benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed transformer framework for the tasks of 3D point cloud classification and segmentation, achieving highly competitive performance in comparison with the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 19.AT-ST: Self-Training Adaptation Strategy for OCR in Domains with Limited Transcriptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13037.pdf)
>  This paper addresses text recognition for domains with limited manual annotations by a simple self-training strategy. Our approach should reduce human annotation effort when target domain data is plentiful, such as when transcribing a collection of single person's correspondence or a large manuscript. We propose to train a seed system on large scale data from related domains mixed with available annotated data from the target domain. The seed system transcribes the unannotated data from the target domain which is then used to train a better system. We study several confidence measures and eventually decide to use the posterior probability of a transcription for data selection. Additionally, we propose to augment the data using an aggressive masking scheme. By self-training, we achieve up to 55 % reduction in character error rate for handwritten data and up to 38 % on printed data. The masking augmentation itself reduces the error rate by about 10 % and its effect is better pronounced in case of difficult handwritten data.      
### 20.An Attention and Prediction Guided Visual System for Small Target Motion Detection in Complex Natural Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13018.pdf)
>  Small target motion detection within complex natural environment is an extremely challenging task for autonomous robots. Surprisingly, visual systems of insects have evolved to be highly efficient in detecting mates and tracking prey, even though targets are as small as a few pixels in visual field. The excellent sensitivity to small target motion relies on a class of specialized neurons called small target motion detectors (STMDs). However, existing STMD-based models are heavily dependent on visual contrast and perform poorly in complex natural environment where small targets always exhibit extremely low contrast to neighboring backgrounds. In this paper, we propose an attention and prediction guided visual system to overcome this limitation. The proposed visual system mainly consists of three subsystems, including an attention module, a STMD-based neural network, and a prediction module. The attention module searches for potential small targets in the predicted areas of input image and enhances their contrast to complex background. The STMD-based neural network receives the contrast-enhanced image and discriminates small moving targets from background false positives. The prediction module foresees future positions of the detected targets and generates a prediction map for the attention module. The three subsystems are connected in a recurrent architecture allowing information processed sequentially to activate specific areas for small target detection. Extensive experiments on synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed visual system for detecting small, low-contrast moving targets against complex natural environment.      
### 21.Underwater Image Enhancement via Medium Transmission-Guided Multi-Color Space Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13015.pdf)
>  Underwater images suffer from color casts and low contrast due to wavelength- and distance-dependent attenuation and scattering. To solve these two degradation issues, we present an underwater image enhancement network via medium transmission-guided multi-color space embedding, called Ucolor. Concretely, we first propose a multi-color space encoder network, which enriches the diversity of feature representations by incorporating the characteristics of different color spaces into a unified structure. Coupled with an attention mechanism, the most discriminative features extracted from multiple color spaces are adaptively integrated and highlighted. Inspired by underwater imaging physical models, we design a medium transmission (indicating the percentage of the scene radiance reaching the camera)-guided decoder network to enhance the response of the network towards quality-degraded regions. As a result, our network can effectively improve the visual quality of underwater images by exploiting multiple color spaces embedding and the advantages of both physical model-based and learning-based methods. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our Ucolor achieves superior performance against state-of-the-art methods in terms of both visual quality and quantitative metrics.      
### 22.Multi-view Deep One-class Classification: A Systematic Exploration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13000.pdf)
>  One-class classification (OCC), which models one single positive class and distinguishes it from the negative class, has been a long-standing topic with pivotal application to realms like anomaly detection. As modern society often deals with massive high-dimensional complex data spawned by multiple sources, it is natural to consider OCC from the perspective of multi-view deep learning. However, it has not been discussed by the literature and remains an unexplored topic. Motivated by this blank, this paper makes four-fold contributions: First, to our best knowledge, this is the first work that formally identifies and formulates the multi-view deep OCC problem. Second, we take recent advances in relevant areas into account and systematically devise eleven different baseline solutions for multi-view deep OCC, which lays the foundation for research on multi-view deep OCC. Third, to remedy the problem that limited benchmark datasets are available for multi-view deep OCC, we extensively collect existing public data and process them into more than 30 new multi-view benchmark datasets via multiple means, so as to provide a publicly available evaluation platform for multi-view deep OCC. Finally, by comprehensively evaluating the devised solutions on benchmark datasets, we conduct a thorough analysis on the effectiveness of the designed baselines, and hopefully provide other researchers with beneficial guidance and insight to multi-view deep OCC. Our data and codes are opened at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/liujiyuan13/MvDOCC-datasets" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/liujiyuan13/MvDOCC-code" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> respectively to facilitate future research.      
### 23.Unsupervised Multi-Source Domain Adaptation for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.12961.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) methods for person re-identification (re-ID) aim at transferring re-ID knowledge from labeled source data to unlabeled target data. Although achieving great success, most of them only use limited data from a single-source domain for model pre-training, making the rich labeled data insufficiently exploited. To make full use of the valuable labeled data, we introduce the multi-source concept into UDA person re-ID field, where multiple source datasets are used during training. However, because of domain gaps, simply combining different datasets only brings limited improvement. In this paper, we try to address this problem from two perspectives, \ie{} domain-specific view and domain-fusion view. Two constructive modules are proposed, and they are compatible with each other. First, a rectification domain-specific batch normalization (RDSBN) module is explored to simultaneously reduce domain-specific characteristics and increase the distinctiveness of person features. Second, a graph convolutional network (GCN) based multi-domain information fusion (MDIF) module is developed, which minimizes domain distances by fusing features of different domains. The proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art UDA person re-ID methods by a large margin, and even achieves comparable performance to the supervised approaches without any post-processing techniques.      
### 24.Adapting ImageNet-scale models to complex distribution shifts with self-learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.12928.pdf)
>  While self-learning methods are an important component in many recent domain adaptation techniques, they are not yet comprehensively evaluated on ImageNet-scale datasets common in robustness research. In extensive experiments on ResNet and EfficientNet models, we find that three components are crucial for increasing performance with self-learning: (i) using short update times between the teacher and the student network, (ii) fine-tuning only few affine parameters distributed across the network, and (iii) leveraging methods from robust classification to counteract the effect of label noise. We use these insights to obtain drastically improved state-of-the-art results on ImageNet-C (22.0% mCE), ImageNet-R (17.4% error) and ImageNet-A (14.8% error). Our techniques yield further improvements in combination with previously proposed robustification methods. Self-learning is able to reduce the top-1 error to a point where no substantial further progress can be expected. We therefore re-purpose the dataset from the Visual Domain Adaptation Challenge 2019 and use a subset of it as a new robustness benchmark (ImageNet-D) which proves to be a more challenging dataset for all current state-of-the-art models (58.2% error) to guide future research efforts at the intersection of robustness and domain adaptation on ImageNet scale.      
### 25.Detecting Personality and Emotion Traits in Crowds from Video Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.12927.pdf)
>  This paper presents a methodology to detect personality and basic emotion characteristics of crowds in video sequences. Firstly, individuals are detected and tracked, then groups are recognized and characterized. Such information is then mapped to OCEAN dimensions, used to find out personality and emotion in videos, based on OCC emotion models. Although it is a clear challenge to validate our results with real life experiments, we evaluate our method with the available literature information regarding OCEAN values of different Countries and also emergent Personal distance among people. Hence, such analysis refer to cultural differences of each country too. Our results indicate that this model generates coherent information when compared to data provided in available literature, as shown in qualitative and quantitative results.      
### 26.SGNet: A Super-class Guided Network for Image Classification and Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.12898.pdf)
>  Most classification models treat different object classes in parallel and the misclassifications between any two classes are treated equally. In contrast, human beings can exploit high-level information in making a prediction of an unknown object. Inspired by this observation, the paper proposes a super-class guided network (SGNet) to integrate the high-level semantic information into the network so as to increase its performance in inference. SGNet takes two-level class annotations that contain both super-class and finer class labels. The super-classes are higher-level semantic categories that consist of a certain amount of finer classes. A super-class branch (SCB), trained on super-class labels, is introduced to guide finer class prediction. At the inference time, we adopt two different strategies: Two-step inference (TSI) and direct inference (DI). TSI first predicts the super-class and then makes predictions of the corresponding finer class. On the other hand, DI directly generates predictions from the finer class branch (FCB). Extensive experiments have been performed on CIFAR-100 and MS COCO datasets. The experimental results validate the proposed approach and demonstrate its superior performance on image classification and object detection.      
### 27.Learning Interpretable End-to-End Vision-Based Motion Planning for Autonomous Driving with Optical Flow Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.12861.pdf)
>  Recently, deep-learning based approaches have achieved impressive performance for autonomous driving. However, end-to-end vision-based methods typically have limited interpretability, making the behaviors of the deep networks difficult to explain. Hence, their potential applications could be limited in practice. To address this problem, we propose an interpretable end-to-end vision-based motion planning approach for autonomous driving, referred to as IVMP. Given a set of past surrounding-view images, our IVMP first predicts future egocentric semantic maps in bird's-eye-view space, which are then employed to plan trajectories for self-driving vehicles. The predicted future semantic maps not only provide useful interpretable information, but also allow our motion planning module to handle objects with low probability, thus improving the safety of autonomous driving. Moreover, we also develop an optical flow distillation paradigm, which can effectively enhance the network while still maintaining its real-time performance. Extensive experiments on the nuScenes dataset and closed-loop simulation show that our IVMP significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches in imitating human drivers with a much higher success rate. Our project page is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/ivmp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Multimodal Contrastive Training for Visual Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.12836.pdf)
>  We develop an approach to learning visual representations that embraces multimodal data, driven by a combination of intra- and inter-modal similarity preservation objectives. Unlike existing visual pre-training methods, which solve a proxy prediction task in a single domain, our method exploits intrinsic data properties within each modality and semantic information from cross-modal correlation simultaneously, hence improving the quality of learned visual representations. By including multimodal training in a unified framework with different types of contrastive losses, our method can learn more powerful and generic visual features. We first train our model on COCO and evaluate the learned visual representations on various downstream tasks including image classification, object detection, and instance segmentation. For example, the visual representations pre-trained on COCO by our method achieve state-of-the-art top-1 validation accuracy of $55.3\%$ on ImageNet classification, under the common transfer protocol. We also evaluate our method on the large-scale Stock images dataset and show its effectiveness on multi-label image tagging, and cross-modal retrieval tasks.      
### 29.Balancing Constraints and Submodularity in Data Subset Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.12835.pdf)
>  Deep learning has yielded extraordinary results in vision and natural language processing, but this achievement comes at a cost. Most deep learning models require enormous resources during training, both in terms of computation and in human labeling effort. In this paper, we show that one can achieve similar accuracy to traditional deep-learning models, while using less training data. Much of the previous work in this area relies on using uncertainty or some form of diversity to select subsets of a larger training set. Submodularity, a discrete analogue of convexity, has been exploited to model diversity in various settings including data subset selection. In contrast to prior methods, we propose a novel diversity driven objective function, and balancing constraints on class labels and decision boundaries using matroids. This allows us to use efficient greedy algorithms with approximation guarantees for subset selection. We outperform baselines on standard image classification datasets such as CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and ImageNet. In addition, we also show that the proposed balancing constraints can play a key role in boosting the performance in long-tailed datasets such as CIFAR-100-LT.      
### 30.Sifting out the features by pruning: Are convolutional networks the winning lottery ticket of fully connected ones?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13343.pdf)
>  Pruning methods can considerably reduce the size of artificial neural networks without harming their performance. In some cases, they can even uncover sub-networks that, when trained in isolation, match or surpass the test accuracy of their dense counterparts. Here we study the inductive bias that pruning imprints in such "winning lottery tickets". Focusing on visual tasks, we analyze the architecture resulting from iterative magnitude pruning of a simple fully connected network (FCN). We show that the surviving node connectivity is local in input space, and organized in patterns reminiscent of the ones found in convolutional networks (CNN). We investigate the role played by data and tasks in shaping the pruned sub-networks. Our results show that the winning lottery tickets of FCNs display the key features of CNNs. The ability of such automatic network-simplifying procedure to recover the key features "hand-crafted" in the design of CNNs suggests interesting applications to other datasets and tasks, in order to discover new and efficient architectural inductive biases.      
### 31.End-to-End Video-To-Speech Synthesis using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13332.pdf)
>  Video-to-speech is the process of reconstructing the audio speech from a video of a spoken utterance. Previous approaches to this task have relied on a two-step process where an intermediate representation is inferred from the video, and is then decoded into waveform audio using a vocoder or a waveform reconstruction algorithm. In this work, we propose a new end-to-end video-to-speech model based on Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) which translates spoken video to waveform end-to-end without using any intermediate representation or separate waveform synthesis algorithm. Our model consists of an encoder-decoder architecture that receives raw video as input and generates speech, which is then fed to a waveform critic and a power critic. The use of an adversarial loss based on these two critics enables the direct synthesis of raw audio waveform and ensures its realism. In addition, the use of our three comparative losses helps establish direct correspondence between the generated audio and the input video. We show that this model is able to reconstruct speech with remarkable realism for constrained datasets such as GRID, and that it is the first end-to-end model to produce intelligible speech for LRW (Lip Reading in the Wild), featuring hundreds of speakers recorded entirely `in the wild'. We evaluate the generated samples in two different scenarios -- seen and unseen speakers -- using four objective metrics which measure the quality and intelligibility of artificial speech. We demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms all previous works in most metrics on GRID and LRW.      
### 32.Evidential segmentation of 3D PET/CT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13293.pdf)
>  PET and CT are two modalities widely used in medical image analysis. Accurately detecting and segmenting lymphomas from these two imaging modalities are critical tasks for cancer staging and radiotherapy planning. However, this task is still challenging due to the complexity of PET/CT images, and the computation cost to process 3D data. In this paper, a segmentation method based on belief functions is proposed to segment lymphomas in 3D PET/CT images. The architecture is composed of a feature extraction module and an evidential segmentation (ES) module. The ES module outputs not only segmentation results (binary maps indicating the presence or absence of lymphoma in each voxel) but also uncertainty maps quantifying the classification uncertainty. The whole model is optimized by minimizing Dice and uncertainty loss functions to increase segmentation accuracy. The method was evaluated on a database of 173 patients with diffuse large b-cell lymphoma. Quantitative and qualitative results show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 33.Three-Dimensional Embedded Attentive RNN (3D-EAR) Segmentor for Left Ventricle Delineation from Myocardial Velocity Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13214.pdf)
>  Myocardial Velocity Mapping Cardiac MR (MVM-CMR) can be used to measure global and regional myocardial velocities with proved reproducibility. Accurate left ventricle delineation is a prerequisite for robust and reproducible myocardial velocity estimation. Conventional manual segmentation on this dataset can be time-consuming and subjective, and an effective fully automated delineation method is highly in demand. By leveraging recently proposed deep learning-based semantic segmentation approaches, in this study, we propose a novel fully automated framework incorporating a 3D-UNet backbone architecture with Embedded multichannel Attention mechanism and LSTM based Recurrent neural networks (RNN) for the MVM-CMR datasets (dubbed 3D-EAR segmentor). The proposed method also utilises the amalgamation of magnitude and phase images as input to realise an information fusion of this multichannel dataset and exploring the correlations of temporal frames via the embedded RNN. By comparing the baseline model of 3D-UNet and ablation studies with and without embedded attentive LSTM modules and various loss functions, we can demonstrate that the proposed model has outperformed the state-of-the-art baseline models with significant improvement.      
### 34.Provably Convergent Learned Inexact Descent Algorithm for Low-Dose CT Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.12939.pdf)
>  We propose a provably convergent method, called Efficient Learned Descent Algorithm (ELDA), for low-dose CT (LDCT) reconstruction. ELDA is a highly interpretable neural network architecture with learned parameters and meanwhile retains convergence guarantee as classical optimization algorithms. To improve reconstruction quality, the proposed ELDA also employs a new non-local feature mapping and an associated regularizer. We compare ELDA with several state-of-the-art deep image methods, such as RED-CNN and Learned Primal-Dual, on a set of LDCT reconstruction problems. Numerical experiments demonstrate improvement of reconstruction quality using ELDA with merely 19 layers, suggesting the promising performance of ELDA in solution accuracy and parameter efficiency.      
### 35.Multi-Density Attention Network for Loop Filtering in Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.12865.pdf)
>  Video compression is a basic requirement for consumer and professional video applications alike. Video coding standards such as H.264/AVC and H.265/HEVC are widely deployed in the market to enable efficient use of bandwidth and storage for many video applications. To reduce the coding artifacts and improve the compression efficiency, neural network based loop filtering of the reconstructed video has been developed in the literature. However, loop filtering is a challenging task due to the variation in video content and sampling densities. In this paper, we propose a on-line scaling based multi-density attention network for loop filtering in video compression. The core of our approach lies in several aspects: (a) parallel multi-resolution convolution streams for extracting multi-density features, (b) single attention branch to learn the sample correlations and generate mask maps, (c) a channel-mutual attention procedure to fuse the data from multiple branches, (d) on-line scaling technique to further optimize the output results of network according to the actual signal. The proposed multi-density attention network learns rich features from multiple sampling densities and performs robustly on video content of different resolutions. Moreover, the online scaling process enhances the signal adaptability of the off-line pre-trained model. Experimental results show that 10.18% bit-rate reduction at the same video quality can be achieved over the latest Versatile Video Coding (VVC) standard. The objective performance of the proposed algorithm outperforms the state-of-the-art methods and the subjective quality improvement is obvious in terms of detail preservation and artifact alleviation.      
### 36.Advances on image interpolation based on ant colony algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.12863.pdf)
>  This paper presents an advance on image interpolation based on ant colony algorithm (AACA) for high-resolution image scaling. The difference between the proposed algorithm and the previously proposed optimization of bilinear interpolation based on ant colony algorithm (OBACA) is that AACA uses global weighting, whereas OBACA uses a local weighting scheme. The strength of the proposed global weighting of the AACA algorithm depends on employing solely the pheromone matrix information present on any group of four adjacent pixels to decide which case deserves a maximum global weight value or not. Experimental results are further provided to show the higher performance of the proposed AACA algorithm with reference to the algorithms mentioned in this paper.      
### 37.A digital score of tumour-associated stroma infiltrating lymphocytes predicts survival in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.12862.pdf)
>  The infiltration of T-lymphocytes in the stroma and tumour is an indication of an effective immune response against the tumour, resulting in better survival. In this study, our aim is to explore the prognostic significance of tumour-associated stroma infiltrating lymphocytes (TASILs) in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) through an AI based automated method. A deep learning based automated method was employed to segment tumour, stroma and lymphocytes in digitally scanned whole slide images of HNSCC tissue slides. The spatial patterns of lymphocytes and tumour-associated stroma were digitally quantified to compute the TASIL-score. Finally, prognostic significance of the TASIL-score for disease-specific and disease-free survival was investigated with the Cox proportional hazard analysis. Three different cohorts of Haematoxylin &amp; Eosin (H&amp;E) stained tissue slides of HNSCC cases (n=537 in total) were studied, including publicly available TCGA head and neck cancer cases. The TASIL-score carries prognostic significance (p=0.002) for disease-specific survival of HNSCC patients. The TASIL-score also shows a better separation between low- and high-risk patients as compared to the manual TIL scoring by pathologists for both disease-specific and disease-free survival. A positive correlation of TASIL-score with molecular estimates of CD8+ T cells was also found, which is in line with existing findings. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to automate the quantification of TASIL from routine H&amp;E slides of head and neck cancer. Our TASIL-score based findings are aligned with the clinical knowledge with the added advantages of objectivity, reproducibility and strong prognostic value. A comprehensive evaluation on large multicentric cohorts is required before the proposed digital score can be adopted in clinical practice.      
### 38.One-dimensional Active Contour Models for Raman Spectrum Baseline Correction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.12839.pdf)
>  Raman spectroscopy is a powerful and non-invasive method for analysis of chemicals and detection of unknown substances. However, Raman signal is so weak that background noise can distort the actual Raman signal. These baseline shifts that exist in the Raman spectrum might deteriorate analytical results. In this paper, a modified version of active contour models in one-dimensional space has been proposed for the baseline correction of Raman spectra. Our technique, inspired by principles of physics and heuristic optimization methods, iteratively deforms an initialized curve toward the desired baseline. The performance of the proposed algorithm was evaluated and compared with similar techniques using simulated Raman spectra. The results showed that the 1D active contour model outperforms many iterative baseline correction methods. The proposed algorithm was successfully applied to experimental Raman spectral data, and the results indicate that the baseline of Raman spectra can be automatically subtracted.      
