# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 12 Apr 2021
### 1.Class-Wise Principal Component Analysis for hyperspectral image feature extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04496.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the Class-wise Principal Component Analysis, a supervised feature extraction method for hyperspectral data. Hyperspectral Imaging (HSI) has appeared in various fields in recent years, including Remote Sensing. Realizing that information extraction tasks for hyperspectral images are burdened by data-specific issues, we identify and address two major problems. Those are the Curse of Dimensionality which occurs due to the high-volume of the data cube and the class imbalance problem which is common in hyperspectral datasets. Dimensionality reduction is an essential preprocessing step to complement a hyperspectral image classification task. Therefore, we propose a feature extraction algorithm for dimensionality reduction, based on Principal Component Analysis (PCA). Evaluations are carried out on the Indian Pines dataset to demonstrate that significant improvements are achieved when using the reduced data in a classification task.      
### 2.Improving the Efficiency and Robustness of Deepfakes Detection through Precise Geometric Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04480.pdf)
>  Deepfakes is a branch of malicious techniques that transplant a target face to the original one in videos, resulting in serious problems such as infringement of copyright, confusion of information, or even public panic. Previous efforts for Deepfakes videos detection mainly focused on appearance features, which have a risk of being bypassed by sophisticated manipulation, also resulting in high model complexity and sensitiveness to noise. Besides, how to mine the temporal features of manipulated videos and exploit them is still an open question. We propose an efficient and robust framework named LRNet for detecting Deepfakes videos through temporal modeling on precise geometric features. A novel calibration module is devised to enhance the precision of geometric features, making it more discriminative, and a two-stream Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) is constructed for sufficient exploitation of temporal features. Compared to previous methods, our proposed method is lighter-weighted and easier to train. Moreover, our method has shown robustness in detecting highly compressed or noise corrupted videos. Our model achieved 0.999 AUC on FaceForensics++ dataset. Meanwhile, it has a graceful decline in performance (-0.042 AUC) when faced with highly compressed videos.      
### 3.Bootstrapping Semantic Segmentation with Regional Contrast  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04465.pdf)
>  We present ReCo, a contrastive learning framework designed at a regional level to assist learning in semantic segmentation. ReCo performs semi-supervised or supervised pixel-level contrastive learning on a sparse set of hard negative pixels, with minimal additional memory footprint. ReCo is easy to implement, being built on top of off-the-shelf segmentation networks, and consistently improves performance in both semi-supervised and supervised semantic segmentation methods, achieving smoother segmentation boundaries and faster convergence. The strongest effect is in semi-supervised learning with very few labels. With ReCo, we achieve 50% mIoU in the CityScapes dataset, whilst requiring only 20 labelled images, improving by 10% relative to the previous state-of-the-art. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lorenmt/reco" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 4.A Reinforcement-Learning-Based Energy-Efficient Framework for Multi-Task Video Analytics Pipeline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04443.pdf)
>  Deep-learning-based video processing has yielded transformative results in recent years. However, the video analytics pipeline is energy-intensive due to high data rates and reliance on complex inference algorithms, which limits its adoption in energy-constrained applications. Motivated by the observation of high and variable spatial redundancy and temporal dynamics in video data streams, we design and evaluate an adaptive-resolution optimization framework to minimize the energy use of multi-task video analytics pipelines. Instead of heuristically tuning the input data resolution of individual tasks, our framework utilizes deep reinforcement learning to dynamically govern the input resolution and computation of the entire video analytics pipeline. By monitoring the impact of varying resolution on the quality of high-dimensional video analytics features, hence the accuracy of video analytics results, the proposed end-to-end optimization framework learns the best non-myopic policy for dynamically controlling the resolution of input video streams to achieve globally optimize energy efficiency. Governed by reinforcement learning, optical flow is incorporated into the framework to minimize unnecessary spatio-temporal redundancy that leads to re-computation, while preserving accuracy. The proposed framework is applied to video instance segmentation which is one of the most challenging machine vision tasks, and the energy consumption efficiency of the proposed framework has significantly surpassed all baseline methods of similar accuracy on the YouTube-VIS dataset.      
### 5.Benchmarking Scene Text Recognition in Devanagari, Telugu and Malayalam  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04437.pdf)
>  Inspired by the success of Deep Learning based approaches to English scene text recognition, we pose and benchmark scene text recognition for three Indic scripts - Devanagari, Telugu and Malayalam. Synthetic word images rendered from Unicode fonts are used for training the recognition system. And the performance is bench-marked on a new IIIT-ILST dataset comprising of hundreds of real scene images containing text in the above mentioned scripts. We use a segmentation free, hybrid but end-to-end trainable CNN-RNN deep neural network for transcribing the word images to the corresponding texts. The cropped word images need not be segmented into the sub-word units and the error is calculated and backpropagated for the the given word image at once. The network is trained using CTC loss, which is proven quite effective for sequence-to-sequence transcription tasks. The CNN layers in the network learn to extract robust feature representations from word images. The sequence of features learnt by the convolutional block is transcribed to a sequence of labels by the RNN+CTC block. The transcription is not bound by word length or a lexicon and is ideal for Indian languages which are highly inflectional. IIIT-ILST dataset, synthetic word images dataset and the script used to render synthetic images are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://cvit.iiit.ac.in/research/projects/cvit-projects/iiit-ilst" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 6.Ice Core Science Meets Computer Vision: Challenges and Perspectives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04430.pdf)
>  Polar ice cores play a central role in studies of the earth's climate system through natural archives. A pressing issue is the analysis of the oldest, highly thinned ice core sections, where the identification of paleoclimate signals is particularly challenging. For this, state-of-the-art imaging by laser-ablation inductively-coupled plasma mass spectrometry (LA-ICP-MS) has the potential to be revolutionary due to its combination of micron-scale 2D chemical information with visual features. However, the quantitative study of record preservation in chemical images raises new questions that call for the expertise of the computer vision community. To illustrate this new inter-disciplinary frontier, we describe a selected set of key questions. One critical task is to assess the paleoclimate significance of single line profiles along the main core axis, which we show is a scale-dependent problem for which advanced image analysis methods are critical. Another important issue is the evaluation of post-depositional layer changes, for which the chemical images provide rich information. Accordingly, the time is ripe to begin an intensified exchange among the two scientific communities of computer vision and ice core science. The collaborative building of a new framework for investigating high-resolution chemical images with automated image analysis techniques will also benefit the already wide-spread application of LA-ICP-MS chemical imaging in the geosciences.      
### 7.SVDistNet: Self-Supervised Near-Field Distance Estimation on Surround View Fisheye Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04420.pdf)
>  A 360° perception of scene geometry is essential for automated driving, notably for parking and urban driving scenarios. Typically, it is achieved using surround-view fisheye cameras, focusing on the near-field area around the vehicle. The majority of current depth estimation approaches focus on employing just a single camera, which cannot be straightforwardly generalized to multiple cameras. The depth estimation model must be tested on a variety of cameras equipped to millions of cars with varying camera geometries. Even within a single car, intrinsics vary due to manufacturing tolerances. Deep learning models are sensitive to these changes, and it is practically infeasible to train and test on each camera variant. As a result, we present novel camera-geometry adaptive multi-scale convolutions which utilize the camera parameters as a conditional input, enabling the model to generalize to previously unseen fisheye cameras. Additionally, we improve the distance estimation by pairwise and patchwise vector-based self-attention encoder networks. We evaluate our approach on the Fisheye WoodScape surround-view dataset, significantly improving over previous approaches. We also show a generalization of our approach across different camera viewing angles and perform extensive experiments to support our contributions. To enable comparison with other approaches, we evaluate the front camera data on the KITTI dataset (pinhole camera images) and achieve state-of-the-art performance among self-supervised monocular methods. An overview video with qualitative results is provided at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/bmX0UcU9wtA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. Baseline code and dataset will be made public.      
### 8.Flow-based Autoregressive Structured Prediction of Human Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04391.pdf)
>  A new method is proposed for human motion predition by learning temporal and spatial dependencies in an end-to-end deep neural network. The joint connectivity is explicitly modeled using a novel autoregressive structured prediction representation based on flow-based generative models. We learn a latent space of complex body poses in consecutive frames which is conditioned on the high-dimensional structure input sequence. To construct each latent variable, the general and local smoothness of the joint positions are considered in a generative process using conditional normalizing flows. As a result, all frame-level and joint-level continuities in the sequence are preserved in the model. This enables us to parameterize the inter-frame and intra-frame relationships and joint connectivity for robust long-term predictions as well as short-term prediction. Our experiments on two challenging benchmark datasets of Human3.6M and AMASS demonstrate that our proposed method is able to effectively model the sequence information for motion prediction and outperform other techniques in 42 of the 48 total experiment scenarios to set a new state-of-the-art.      
### 9.Look Before You Leap: Learning Landmark Features for One-Stage Visual Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04386.pdf)
>  An LBYL (`Look Before You Leap') Network is proposed for end-to-end trainable one-stage visual grounding. The idea behind LBYL-Net is intuitive and straightforward: we follow a language's description to localize the target object based on its relative spatial relation to `Landmarks', which is characterized by some spatial positional words and some descriptive words about the object. The core of our LBYL-Net is a landmark feature convolution module that transmits the visual features with the guidance of linguistic description along with different directions. Consequently, such a module encodes the relative spatial positional relations between the current object and its context. Then we combine the contextual information from the landmark feature convolution module with the target's visual features for grounding. To make this landmark feature convolution light-weight, we introduce a dynamic programming algorithm (termed dynamic max pooling) with low complexity to extract the landmark feature. Thanks to the landmark feature convolution module, we mimic the human behavior of `Look Before You Leap' to design an LBYL-Net, which takes full consideration of contextual information. Extensive experiments show our method's effectiveness in four grounding datasets. Specifically, our LBYL-Net outperforms all state-of-the-art two-stage and one-stage methods on ReferitGame. On RefCOCO and RefCOCO+, Our LBYL-Net also achieves comparable results or even better results than existing one-stage methods.      
### 10.CondenseNet V2: Sparse Feature Reactivation for Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04382.pdf)
>  Reusing features in deep networks through dense connectivity is an effective way to achieve high computational efficiency. The recent proposed CondenseNet has shown that this mechanism can be further improved if redundant features are removed. In this paper, we propose an alternative approach named sparse feature reactivation (SFR), aiming at actively increasing the utility of features for reusing. In the proposed network, named CondenseNetV2, each layer can simultaneously learn to 1) selectively reuse a set of most important features from preceding layers; and 2) actively update a set of preceding features to increase their utility for later layers. Our experiments show that the proposed models achieve promising performance on image classification (ImageNet and CIFAR) and object detection (MS COCO) in terms of both theoretical efficiency and practical speed.      
### 11.Video-aided Unsupervised Grammar Induction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04369.pdf)
>  We investigate video-aided grammar induction, which learns a constituency parser from both unlabeled text and its corresponding video. Existing methods of multi-modal grammar induction focus on learning syntactic grammars from text-image pairs, with promising results showing that the information from static images is useful in induction. However, videos provide even richer information, including not only static objects but also actions and state changes useful for inducing verb phrases. In this paper, we explore rich features (e.g. action, object, scene, audio, face, OCR and speech) from videos, taking the recent Compound PCFG model as the baseline. We further propose a Multi-Modal Compound PCFG model (MMC-PCFG) to effectively aggregate these rich features from different modalities. Our proposed MMC-PCFG is trained end-to-end and outperforms each individual modality and previous state-of-the-art systems on three benchmarks, i.e. DiDeMo, YouCook2 and MSRVTT, confirming the effectiveness of leveraging video information for unsupervised grammar induction.      
### 12.Multimodal Face Synthesis from Visual Attributes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04362.pdf)
>  Synthesis of face images from visual attributes is an important problem in computer vision and biometrics due to its applications in law enforcement and entertainment. Recent advances in deep generative networks have made it possible to synthesize high-quality face images from visual attributes. However, existing methods are specifically designed for generating unimodal images (i.e visible faces) from attributes. In this paper, we propose a novel generative adversarial network that simultaneously synthesizes identity preserving multimodal face images (i.e. visible, sketch, thermal, etc.) from visual attributes without requiring paired data in different domains for training the network. We introduce a novel generator with multimodal stretch-out modules to simultaneously synthesize multimodal face images. Additionally, multimodal stretch-in modules are introduced in the discriminator which discriminates between real and fake images. Extensive experiments and comparisons with several state-of-the-art methods are performed to verify the effectiveness of the proposed attribute-based multimodal synthesis method.      
### 13.Rock Hunting With Martian Machine Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04359.pdf)
>  The Mars Perseverance rover applies computer vision for navigation and hazard avoidance. The challenge to do onboard object recognition highlights the need for low-power, customized training, often including low-contrast backgrounds. We investigate deep learning methods for the classification and detection of Martian rocks. We report greater than 97% accuracy for binary classifications (rock vs. rover). We fine-tune a detector to render geo-located bounding boxes while counting rocks. For these models to run on microcontrollers, we shrink and quantize the neural networks' weights and demonstrate a low-power rock hunter with faster frame rates (1 frame per second) but lower accuracy (37%).      
### 14.Learning Position and Target Consistency for Memory-based Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04329.pdf)
>  This paper studies the problem of semi-supervised video object segmentation(VOS). Multiple works have shown that memory-based approaches can be effective for video object segmentation. They are mostly based on pixel-level matching, both spatially and temporally. The main shortcoming of memory-based approaches is that they do not take into account the sequential order among frames and do not exploit object-level knowledge from the target. To address this limitation, we propose to Learn position and target Consistency framework for Memory-based video object segmentation, termed as LCM. It applies the memory mechanism to retrieve pixels globally, and meanwhile learns position consistency for more reliable segmentation. The learned location response promotes a better discrimination between target and distractors. Besides, LCM introduces an object-level relationship from the target to maintain target consistency, making LCM more robust to error drifting. Experiments show that our LCM achieves state-of-the-art performance on both DAVIS and Youtube-VOS benchmark. And we rank the 1st in the DAVIS 2020 challenge semi-supervised VOS task.      
### 15.Towards Fine-grained Visual Representations by Combining Contrastive Learning with Image Reconstruction and Attention-weighted Pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04323.pdf)
>  This paper presents Contrastive Reconstruction, ConRec - a self-supervised learning algorithm that obtains image representations by jointly optimizing a contrastive and a self-reconstruction loss. We showcase that state-of-the-art contrastive learning methods (e.g. SimCLR) have shortcomings to capture fine-grained visual features in their representations. ConRec extends the SimCLR framework by adding (1) a self-reconstruction task and (2) an attention mechanism within the contrastive learning task. This is accomplished by applying a simple encoder-decoder architecture with two heads. We show that both extensions contribute towards an improved vector representation for images with fine-grained visual features. Combining those concepts, ConRec outperforms SimCLR and SimCLR with Attention-Pooling on fine-grained classification datasets.      
### 16.CFNet: Cascade and Fused Cost Volume for Robust Stereo Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04314.pdf)
>  Recently, the ever-increasing capacity of large-scale annotated datasets has led to profound progress in stereo matching. However, most of these successes are limited to a specific dataset and cannot generalize well to other datasets. The main difficulties lie in the large domain differences and unbalanced disparity distribution across a variety of datasets, which greatly limit the real-world applicability of current deep stereo matching models. In this paper, we propose CFNet, a Cascade and Fused cost volume based network to improve the robustness of the stereo matching network. First, we propose a fused cost volume representation to deal with the large domain difference. By fusing multiple low-resolution dense cost volumes to enlarge the receptive field, we can extract robust structural representations for initial disparity estimation. Second, we propose a cascade cost volume representation to alleviate the unbalanced disparity distribution. Specifically, we employ a variance-based uncertainty estimation to adaptively adjust the next stage disparity search space, in this way driving the network progressively prune out the space of unlikely correspondences. By iteratively narrowing down the disparity search space and improving the cost volume resolution, the disparity estimation is gradually refined in a coarse-to-fine manner. When trained on the same training images and evaluated on KITTI, ETH3D, and Middlebury datasets with the fixed model parameters and hyperparameters, our proposed method achieves the state-of-the-art overall performance and obtains the 1st place on the stereo task of Robust Vision Challenge 2020. The code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gallenszl/CFNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.Context-self contrastive pretraining for crop type semantic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04310.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a fully-supervised pretraining scheme based on contrastive learning particularly tailored to dense classification tasks. The proposed Context-Self Contrastive Loss (CSCL) learns an embedding space that makes semantic boundaries pop-up by use of a similarity metric between every location in an training sample and its local context. For crop type semantic segmentation from satellite images we find performance at parcel boundaries to be a critical bottleneck and explain how CSCL tackles the underlying cause of that problem, improving the state-of-the-art performance in this task. Additionally, using images from the Sentinel-2 (S2) satellite missions we compile the largest, to our knowledge, dataset of satellite image timeseries densely annotated by crop type and parcel identities, which we make publicly available together with the data generation pipeline. Using that data we find CSCL, even with minimal pretraining, to improve all respective baselines and present a process for semantic segmentation at super-resolution for obtaining crop classes at a more granular level. The proposed method is further validated on the task of semantic segmentation on 2D and 3D volumetric images showing consistent performance improvements upon competitive baselines.      
### 18.Brain Surface Reconstruction from MRI Images Based on Segmentation Networks Applying Signed Distance Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04291.pdf)
>  Whole-brain surface extraction is an essential topic in medical imaging systems as it provides neurosurgeons with a broader view of surgical planning and abnormality detection. To solve the problem confronted in current deep learning skull stripping methods lacking prior shape information, we propose a new network architecture that incorporates knowledge of signed distance fields and introduce an additional Laplacian loss to ensure that the prediction results retain shape information. We validated our newly proposed method by conducting experiments on our brain magnetic resonance imaging dataset (111 patients). The evaluation results demonstrate that our approach achieves comparable dice scores and also reduces the Hausdorff distance and average symmetric surface distance, thus producing more stable and smooth brain isosurfaces.      
### 19.MLF-SC: Incorporating multi-layer features to sparse coding for anomaly detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04289.pdf)
>  Anomalies in images occur in various scales from a small hole on a carpet to a large stain. However, anomaly detection based on sparse coding, one of the widely used anomaly detection methods, has an issue in dealing with anomalies that are out of the patch size employed to sparsely represent images. A large anomaly can be considered normal if seen in a small scale, but it is not easy to determine a single scale (patch size) that works well for all images. Then, we propose to incorporate multi-scale features to sparse coding and improve the performance of anomaly detection. The proposed method, multi-layer feature sparse coding (MLF-SC), employs a neural network for feature extraction, and feature maps from intermediate layers of the network are given to sparse coding, whereas the standard sparse-coding-based anomaly detection method directly works on given images. We show that MLF-SC outperforms state-of-the-art anomaly detection methods including those employing deep learning. Our target data are the texture categories of the MVTec Anomaly Detection (MVTec AD) dataset, which is a modern benchmark dataset consisting of images from the real world. Our idea can be a simple and practical option to deal with practical data.      
### 20.Direct Differentiable Augmentation Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04282.pdf)
>  Data augmentation has been an indispensable tool to improve the performance of deep neural networks, however the augmentation can hardly transfer among different tasks and datasets. Consequently, a recent trend is to adopt AutoML technique to learn proper augmentation policy without extensive hand-crafted tuning. In this paper, we propose an efficient differentiable search algorithm called Direct Differentiable Augmentation Search (DDAS). It exploits meta-learning with one-step gradient update and continuous relaxation to the expected training loss for efficient search. Our DDAS can achieve efficient augmentation search without relying on approximations such as Gumbel Softmax or second order gradient approximation. To further reduce the adverse effect of improper augmentations, we organize the search space into a two level hierarchy, in which we first decide whether to apply augmentation, and then determine the specific augmentation policy. On standard image classification benchmarks, our DDAS achieves state-of-the-art performance and efficiency tradeoff while reducing the search cost dramatically, e.g. 0.15 GPU hours for CIFAR-10. In addition, we also use DDAS to search augmentation for object detection task and achieve comparable performance with AutoAugment, while being 1000x faster.      
### 21.GATSBI: Generative Agent-centric Spatio-temporal Object Interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04275.pdf)
>  We present GATSBI, a generative model that can transform a sequence of raw observations into a structured latent representation that fully captures the spatio-temporal context of the agent's actions. In vision-based decision-making scenarios, an agent faces complex high-dimensional observations where multiple entities interact with each other. The agent requires a good scene representation of the visual observation that discerns essential components and consistently propagates along the time horizon. Our method, GATSBI, utilizes unsupervised object-centric scene representation learning to separate an active agent, static background, and passive objects. GATSBI then models the interactions reflecting the causal relationships among decomposed entities and predicts physically plausible future states. Our model generalizes to a variety of environments where different types of robots and objects dynamically interact with each other. We show GATSBI achieves superior performance on scene decomposition and video prediction compared to its state-of-the-art counterparts.      
### 22.Skeleton-based Hand-Gesture Recognition with Lightweight Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04255.pdf)
>  Graph convolutional networks (GCNs) aim at extending deep learning to arbitrary irregular domains, namely graphs. Their success is highly dependent on how the topology of input graphs is defined and most of the existing GCN architectures rely on predefined or handcrafted graph structures. In this paper, we introduce a novel method that learns the topology (or connectivity) of input graphs as a part of GCN design. The main contribution of our method resides in building an orthogonal connectivity basis that optimally aggregates nodes, through their neighborhood, prior to achieve convolution. Our method also considers a stochasticity criterion which acts as a regularizer that makes the learned basis and the underlying GCNs lightweight while still being highly effective. Experiments conducted on the challenging task of skeleton-based hand-gesture recognition show the high effectiveness of the learned GCNs w.r.t. the related work.      
### 23.Piracy-Resistant DNN Watermarking by Block-Wise Image Transformation with Secret Key  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04241.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel DNN watermarking method that utilizes a learnable image transformation method with a secret key. The proposed method embeds a watermark pattern in a model by using learnable transformed images and allows us to remotely verify the ownership of the model. As a result, it is piracy-resistant, so the original watermark cannot be overwritten by a pirated watermark, and adding a new watermark decreases the model accuracy unlike most of the existing DNN watermarking methods. In addition, it does not require a special pre-defined training set or trigger set. We empirically evaluated the proposed method on the CIFAR-10 dataset. The results show that it was resilient against fine-tuning and pruning attacks while maintaining a high watermark-detection accuracy.      
### 24.TaylorMade VDD: Domain-adaptive Visual Defect Detector for High-mix Low-volume Production of Non-convex Cylindrical Metal Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04203.pdf)
>  Visual defect detection (VDD) for high-mix low-volume production of non-convex metal objects, such as high-pressure cylindrical piping joint parts (VDD-HPPPs), is challenging because subtle difference in domain (e.g., metal objects, imaging device, viewpoints, lighting) significantly affects the specular reflection characteristics of individual metal object types. In this paper, we address this issue by introducing a tailor-made VDD framework that can be automatically adapted to a new domain. Specifically, we formulate this adaptation task as the problem of network architecture search (NAS) on a deep object-detection network, in which the network architecture is searched via reinforcement learning. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework using the VDD-HPPPs task as a factory case study. Experimental results show that the proposed method achieved higher burr detection accuracy compared with the baseline method for data with different training/test domains for the non-convex HPPPs, which are particularly affected by domain shifts.      
### 25.Reinforced Attention for Few-Shot Learning and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04192.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning aims to correctly recognize query samples from unseen classes given a limited number of support samples, often by relying on global embeddings of images. In this paper, we propose to equip the backbone network with an attention agent, which is trained by reinforcement learning. The policy gradient algorithm is employed to train the agent towards adaptively localizing the representative regions on feature maps over time. We further design a reward function based on the prediction of the held-out data, thus helping the attention mechanism to generalize better across the unseen classes. The extensive experiments show, with the help of the reinforced attention, that our embedding network has the capability to progressively generate a more discriminative representation in few-shot learning. Moreover, experiments on the task of image classification also show the effectiveness of the proposed design.      
### 26.SI-Score: An image dataset for fine-grained analysis of robustness to object location, rotation and size  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04191.pdf)
>  Before deploying machine learning models it is critical to assess their robustness. In the context of deep neural networks for image understanding, changing the object location, rotation and size may affect the predictions in non-trivial ways. In this work we perform a fine-grained analysis of robustness with respect to these factors of variation using SI-Score, a synthetic dataset. In particular, we investigate ResNets, Vision Transformers and CLIP, and identify interesting qualitative differences between these.      
### 27.Social Media Images Classification Models for Real-time Disaster Response  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04184.pdf)
>  Images shared on social media help crisis managers in terms of gaining situational awareness and assessing incurred damages, among other response tasks. As the volume and velocity of such content are really high, therefore, real-time image classification became an urgent need in order to take a faster response. Recent advances in computer vision and deep neural networks have enabled the development of models for real-time image classification for a number of tasks, including detecting crisis incidents, filtering irrelevant images, classifying images into specific humanitarian categories, and assessing the severity of the damage. For developing real-time robust models, it is necessary to understand the capability of the publicly available pretrained models for these tasks. In the current state-of-art of crisis informatics, it is under-explored. In this study, we address such limitations. We investigate ten different architectures for four different tasks using the largest publicly available datasets for these tasks. We also explore the data augmentation, semi-supervised techniques, and a multitask setup. In our extensive experiments, we achieve promising results.      
### 28.Fill-in-the-blank as a Challenging Video Understanding Evaluation Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04182.pdf)
>  Work to date on language-informed video understanding has primarily addressed two tasks: (1) video question answering using multiple-choice questions, where models perform relatively well because they exploit the fact that candidate answers are readily available; and (2) video captioning, which relies on an open-ended evaluation framework that is often inaccurate because system answers may be perceived as incorrect if they differ in form from the ground truth. In this paper, we propose fill-in-the-blanks as a video understanding evaluation framework that addresses these previous evaluation drawbacks, and more closely reflects real-life settings where no multiple choices are given. The task tests a system understanding of a video by requiring the model to predict a masked noun phrase in the caption of the video, given the video and the surrounding text. We introduce a novel dataset consisting of 28,000 videos and fill-in-the-blank tests. We show that both a multimodal model and a strong language model have a large gap with human performance, thus suggesting that the task is more challenging than current video understanding benchmarks.      
### 29.Stereo Matching by Self-supervision of Multiscopic Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04170.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning for depth estimation possesses several advantages over supervised learning. The benefits of no need for ground-truth depth, online fine-tuning, and better generalization with unlimited data attract researchers to seek self-supervised solutions. In this work, we propose a new self-supervised framework for stereo matching utilizing multiple images captured at aligned camera positions. A cross photometric loss, an uncertainty-aware mutual-supervision loss, and a new smoothness loss are introduced to optimize the network in learning disparity maps end-to-end without ground-truth depth information. To train this framework, we build a new multiscopic dataset consisting of synthetic images rendered by 3D engines and real images captured by real cameras. After being trained with only the synthetic images, our network can perform well in unseen outdoor scenes. Our experiment shows that our model obtains better disparity maps than previous unsupervised methods on the KITTI dataset and is comparable to supervised methods when generalized to unseen data. Our source code and dataset will be made public, and more results are provided in the supplement.      
### 30.Combined Depth Space based Architecture Search For Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04163.pdf)
>  Most works on person re-identification (ReID) take advantage of large backbone networks such as ResNet, which are designed for image classification instead of ReID, for feature extraction. However, these backbones may not be computationally efficient or the most suitable architectures for ReID. In this work, we aim to design a lightweight and suitable network for ReID. We propose a novel search space called Combined Depth Space (CDS), based on which we search for an efficient network architecture, which we call CDNet, via a differentiable architecture search algorithm. Through the use of the combined basic building blocks in CDS, CDNet tends to focus on combined pattern information that is typically found in images of pedestrians. We then propose a low-cost search strategy named the Top-k Sample Search strategy to make full use of the search space and avoid trapping in local optimal result. Furthermore, an effective Fine-grained Balance Neck (FBLNeck), which is removable at the inference time, is presented to balance the effects of triplet loss and softmax loss during the training process. Extensive experiments show that our CDNet (~1.8M parameters) has comparable performance with state-of-the-art lightweight networks.      
### 31.Spatially-Varying Outdoor Lighting Estimation from Intrinsics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04160.pdf)
>  We present SOLID-Net, a neural network for spatially-varying outdoor lighting estimation from a single outdoor image for any 2D pixel location. Previous work has used a unified sky environment map to represent outdoor lighting. Instead, we generate spatially-varying local lighting environment maps by combining global sky environment map with warped image information according to geometric information estimated from intrinsics. As no outdoor dataset with image and local lighting ground truth is readily available, we introduce the SOLID-Img dataset with physically-based rendered images and their corresponding intrinsic and lighting information. We train a deep neural network to regress intrinsic cues with physically-based constraints and use them to conduct global and local lightings estimation. Experiments on both synthetic and real datasets show that SOLID-Net significantly outperforms previous methods.      
### 32.Self-Weighted Ensemble Method to Adjust the Influence of Individual Models based on Reliability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04120.pdf)
>  Image classification technology and performance based on Deep Learning have already achieved high standards. Nevertheless, many efforts have conducted to improve the stability of classification via ensembling. However, the existing ensemble method has a limitation in that it requires extra effort including time consumption to find the weight for each model output. In this paper, we propose a simple but improved ensemble method, naming with Self-Weighted Ensemble (SWE), that places the weight of each model via its verification reliability. The proposed ensemble method, SWE, reduces overall efforts for constructing a classification system with varied classifiers. The performance using SWE is 0.033% higher than the conventional ensemble method. Also, the percent of performance superiority to the previous model is up to 73.333% (ratio of 8:22).      
### 33.Auxiliary Tasks and Exploration Enable ObjectNav  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04112.pdf)
>  ObjectGoal Navigation (ObjectNav) is an embodied task wherein agents are to navigate to an object instance in an unseen environment. Prior works have shown that end-to-end ObjectNav agents that use vanilla visual and recurrent modules, e.g. a CNN+RNN, perform poorly due to overfitting and sample inefficiency. This has motivated current state-of-the-art methods to mix analytic and learned components and operate on explicit spatial maps of the environment. We instead re-enable a generic learned agent by adding auxiliary learning tasks and an exploration reward. Our agents achieve 24.5% success and 8.1% SPL, a 37% and 8% relative improvement over prior state-of-the-art, respectively, on the Habitat ObjectNav Challenge. From our analysis, we propose that agents will act to simplify their visual inputs so as to smooth their RNN dynamics, and that auxiliary tasks reduce overfitting by minimizing effective RNN dimensionality; i.e. a performant ObjectNav agent that must maintain coherent plans over long horizons does so by learning smooth, low-dimensional recurrent dynamics. Site: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://joel99.github.io/objectnav/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 34.FACESEC: A Fine-grained Robustness Evaluation Framework for Face Recognition Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04107.pdf)
>  We present FACESEC, a framework for fine-grained robustness evaluation of face recognition systems. FACESEC evaluation is performed along four dimensions of adversarial modeling: the nature of perturbation (e.g., pixel-level or face accessories), the attacker's system knowledge (about training data and learning architecture), goals (dodging or impersonation), and capability (tailored to individual inputs or across sets of these). We use FACESEC to study five face recognition systems in both closed-set and open-set settings, and to evaluate the state-of-the-art approach for defending against physically realizable attacks on these. We find that accurate knowledge of neural architecture is significantly more important than knowledge of the training data in black-box attacks. Moreover, we observe that open-set face recognition systems are more vulnerable than closed-set systems under different types of attacks. The efficacy of attacks for other threat model variations, however, appears highly dependent on both the nature of perturbation and the neural network architecture. For example, attacks that involve adversarial face masks are usually more potent, even against adversarially trained models, and the ArcFace architecture tends to be more robust than the others.      
### 35.Image-based Virtual Fitting Room  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04104.pdf)
>  Virtual fitting room is a challenging task yet useful feature for e-commerce platforms and fashion designers. Existing works can only detect very few types of fashion items. Besides they did poorly in changing the texture and style of the selected fashion items. In this project, we propose a novel approach to address this problem. We firstly used Mask R-CNN to find the regions of different fashion items, and secondly used Neural Style Transfer to change the style of the selected fashion items. The dataset we used is composed of images from PaperDoll dataset and annotations provided by eBay's ModaNet. We trained 8 models and our best model massively outperformed baseline models both quantitatively and qualitatively, with 68.72% mAP, 0.2% ASDR.      
### 36.Direct-PoseNet: Absolute Pose Regression with Photometric Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04073.pdf)
>  We present a relocalization pipeline, which combines an absolute pose regression (APR) network with a novel view synthesis based direct matching module, offering superior accuracy while maintaining low inference time. Our contribution is twofold: i) we design a direct matching module that supplies a photometric supervision signal to refine the pose regression network via differentiable rendering; ii) we modify the rotation representation from the classical quaternion to SO(3) in pose regression, removing the need for balancing rotation and translation loss terms. As a result, our network Direct-PoseNet achieves state-of-the-art performance among all other single-image APR methods on the 7-Scenes benchmark and the LLFF dataset.      
### 37.Generative Landmarks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04055.pdf)
>  We propose a general purpose approach to detect landmarks with improved temporal consistency, and personalization. Most sparse landmark detection methods rely on laborious, manually labelled landmarks, where inconsistency in annotations over a temporal volume leads to sub-optimal landmark learning. Further, high-quality landmarks with personalization is often hard to achieve. We pose landmark detection as an image translation problem. We capture two sets of unpaired marked (with paint) and unmarked videos. We then use a generative adversarial network and cyclic consistency to predict deformations of landmark templates that simulate markers on unmarked images until these images are indistinguishable from ground-truth marked images. Our novel method does not rely on manually labelled priors, is temporally consistent, and image class agnostic -- face, and hand landmarks detection examples are shown.      
### 38.TRiPOD: Human Trajectory and Pose Dynamics Forecasting in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04029.pdf)
>  Joint forecasting of human trajectory and pose dynamics is a fundamental building block of various applications ranging from robotics and autonomous driving to surveillance systems. Predicting body dynamics requires capturing subtle information embedded in the humans' interactions with each other and with the objects present in the scene. In this paper, we propose a novel TRajectory and POse Dynamics (nicknamed TRiPOD) method based on graph attentional networks to model the human-human and human-object interactions both in the input space and the output space (decoded future output). The model is supplemented by a message passing interface over the graphs to fuse these different levels of interactions efficiently. Furthermore, to incorporate a real-world challenge, we propound to learn an indicator representing whether an estimated body joint is visible/invisible at each frame, e.g. due to occlusion or being outside the sensor field of view. Finally, we introduce a new benchmark for this joint task based on two challenging datasets (PoseTrack and 3DPW) and propose evaluation metrics to measure the effectiveness of predictions in the global space, even when there are invisible cases of joints. Our evaluation shows that TRiPOD outperforms all prior work and state-of-the-art specifically designed for each of the trajectory and pose forecasting tasks.      
### 39.CutPaste: Self-Supervised Learning for Anomaly Detection and Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04015.pdf)
>  We aim at constructing a high performance model for defect detection that detects unknown anomalous patterns of an image without anomalous data. To this end, we propose a two-stage framework for building anomaly detectors using normal training data only. We first learn self-supervised deep representations and then build a generative one-class classifier on learned representations. We learn representations by classifying normal data from the CutPaste, a simple data augmentation strategy that cuts an image patch and pastes at a random location of a large image. Our empirical study on MVTec anomaly detection dataset demonstrates the proposed algorithm is general to be able to detect various types of real-world defects. We bring the improvement upon previous arts by 3.1 AUCs when learning representations from scratch. By transfer learning on pretrained representations on ImageNet, we achieve a new state-of-theart 96.6 AUC. Lastly, we extend the framework to learn and extract representations from patches to allow localizing defective areas without annotations during training.      
### 40.Re-designing cities with conditional adversarial networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04013.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a conditional generative adversarial network to redesign a street-level image of urban scenes by generating 1) an urban intervention policy, 2) an attention map that localises where intervention is needed, 3) a high-resolution street-level image (1024 X 1024 or 1536 X1536) after implementing the intervention. We also introduce a new dataset that comprises aligned street-level images of before and after urban interventions from real-life scenarios that make this research possible. The introduced method has been trained on different ranges of urban interventions applied to realistic images. The trained model shows strong performance in re-modelling cities, outperforming existing methods that apply image-to-image translation in other domains that is computed in a single GPU. This research opens the door for machine intelligence to play a role in re-thinking and re-designing the different attributes of cities based on adversarial learning, going beyond the mainstream of facial landmarks manipulation or image synthesis from semantic segmentation.      
### 41.Dynamic Surface Function Networks for Clothed Human Bodies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03978.pdf)
>  We present a novel method for temporal coherent reconstruction and tracking of clothed humans. Given a monocular RGB-D sequence, we learn a person-specific body model which is based on a dynamic surface function network. To this end, we explicitly model the surface of the person using a multi-layer perceptron (MLP) which is embedded into the canonical space of the SMPL body model. With classical forward rendering, the represented surface can be rasterized using the topology of a template mesh. For each surface point of the template mesh, the MLP is evaluated to predict the actual surface location. To handle pose-dependent deformations, the MLP is conditioned on the SMPL pose parameters. We show that this surface representation as well as the pose parameters can be learned in a self-supervised fashion using the principle of analysis-by-synthesis and differentiable rasterization. As a result, we are able to reconstruct a temporally coherent mesh sequence from the input data. The underlying surface representation can be used to synthesize new animations of the reconstructed person including pose-dependent deformations.      
### 42.Improved TB classification using bone-suppressed chest radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04518.pdf)
>  Chest X-rays (CXRs) are the most commonly performed diagnostic examination to detect cardiopulmonary abnormalities. However, the presence of bony structures such as ribs and clavicles can obscure subtle abnormalities resulting in diagnostic errors. This study aims to build a deep learning (DL)-based bone suppression model that identifies and removes these occluding bony structures in frontal CXRs to assist in reducing errors in radiological interpretation, including DL workflows, related to detecting manifestations consistent with Tuberculosis (TB). Several bone suppression models with various deep architectures are trained and their performances are evaluated in a cross-institutional test setting. The best-performing model (ResNet-BS) is used to suppress bones in the Shenzhen and Montgomery TB CXR collections. A VGG-16 model is pretrained on a large collection of publicly available CXRs. The CXR-pretrained model is then fine-tuned individually on the non-bone-suppressed and bone-suppressed CXRs of Shenzhen and Montgomery TB CXR collections to classify them as showing normal lungs or TB manifestations. The performances of these models are compared using several performance metrics, analyzed for statistical significance, and their predictions are qualitatively interpreted through class-selective relevance maps (CRM). It is observed that the models trained on bone-suppressed CXRs significantly outperformed the models trained individually on the non-bone-suppressed CXRs (p&lt;0.05) in the Shenzhen and Montgomery TB collections. Models trained on bone-suppressed CXRs improved detection of TB-consistent findings and resulted in compact clustering of the data points in the feature space signifying that bone suppression improved the model sensitivity toward TB classification.      
### 43.Unsupervised Class-Incremental Learning Through Confusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04450.pdf)
>  While many works on Continual Learning have shown promising results for mitigating catastrophic forgetting, they have relied on supervised training. To successfully learn in a label-agnostic incremental setting, a model must distinguish between learned and novel classes to properly include samples for training. We introduce a novelty detection method that leverages network confusion caused by training incoming data as a new class. We found that incorporating a class-imbalance during this detection method substantially enhances performance. The effectiveness of our approach is demonstrated across a set of image classification benchmarks: MNIST, SVHN, CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and CRIB.      
### 44.Relating Adversarially Robust Generalization to Flat Minima  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04448.pdf)
>  Adversarial training (AT) has become the de-facto standard to obtain models robust against adversarial examples. However, AT exhibits severe robust overfitting: cross-entropy loss on adversarial examples, so-called robust loss, decreases continuously on training examples, while eventually increasing on test examples. In practice, this leads to poor robust generalization, i.e., adversarial robustness does not generalize well to new examples. In this paper, we study the relationship between robust generalization and flatness of the robust loss landscape in weight space, i.e., whether robust loss changes significantly when perturbing weights. To this end, we propose average- and worst-case metrics to measure flatness in the robust loss landscape and show a correlation between good robust generalization and flatness. For example, throughout training, flatness reduces significantly during overfitting such that early stopping effectively finds flatter minima in the robust loss landscape. Similarly, AT variants achieving higher adversarial robustness also correspond to flatter minima. This holds for many popular choices, e.g., AT-AWP, TRADES, MART, AT with self-supervision or additional unlabeled examples, as well as simple regularization techniques, e.g., AutoAugment, weight decay or label noise. For fair comparison across these approaches, our flatness measures are specifically designed to be scale-invariant and we conduct extensive experiments to validate our findings.      
### 45.Reversible Watermarking in Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Integrity Authentication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04268.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks have made outstanding contributions in many fields such as computer vision in the past few years and many researchers published well-trained network for downloading. But recent studies have shown serious concerns about integrity due to model-reuse attacks and backdoor attacks. In order to protect these open-source networks, many algorithms have been proposed such as watermarking. However, these existing algorithms modify the contents of the network permanently and are not suitable for integrity authentication. In this paper, we propose a reversible watermarking algorithm for integrity authentication. Specifically, we present the reversible watermarking problem of deep convolutional neural networks and utilize the pruning theory of model compression technology to construct a host sequence used for embedding watermarking information by histogram shift. As shown in the experiments, the influence of embedding reversible watermarking on the classification performance is less than 0.5% and the parameters of the model can be fully recovered after extracting the watermarking. At the same time, the integrity of the model can be verified by applying the reversible watermarking: if the model is modified illegally, the authentication information generated by original model will be absolutely different from the extracted watermarking information.      
### 46.X2CT-FLOW: Reconstruction of multiple volumetric chest computed tomography images with different likelihoods from a uni- or biplanar chest X-ray image using a flow-based generative model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04179.pdf)
>  We propose X2CT-FLOW for the reconstruction of volumetric chest computed tomography (CT) images from uni- or biplanar digitally reconstructed radiographs (DRRs) or chest X-ray (CXR) images on the basis of a flow-based deep generative (FDG) model. With the adoption of X2CT-FLOW, all the reconstructed volumetric chest CT images satisfy the condition that each of those projected onto each plane coincides with each input DRR or CXR image. Moreover, X2CT-FLOW can reconstruct multiple volumetric chest CT images with different likelihoods. The volumetric chest CT images reconstructed from biplanar DRRs showed good agreement with ground truth images in terms of the structural similarity index (0.931 on average). Moreover, we show that X2CT-FLOW can actually reconstruct such multiple volumetric chest CT images from DRRs. Finally, we demonstrate that X2CT-FLOW can reconstruct multiple volumetric chest CT images from a real uniplanar CXR image.      
### 47.Know What and Know Where: An Object-and-Room Informed Sequential BERT for Indoor Vision-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04167.pdf)
>  Vision-and-Language Navigation (VLN) requires an agent to navigate to a remote location on the basis of natural-language instructions and a set of photo-realistic panoramas. Most existing methods take words in instructions and discrete views of each panorama as the minimal unit of encoding. However, this requires a model to match different textual landmarks in instructions (e.g., TV, table) against the same view feature. In this work, we propose an object-informed sequential BERT to encode visual perceptions and linguistic instructions at the same fine-grained level, namely objects and words, to facilitate the matching between visual and textual entities and hence "know what". Our sequential BERT enables the visual-textual clues to be interpreted in light of the temporal context, which is crucial to multi-round VLN tasks. Additionally, we enable the model to identify the relative direction (e.g., left/right/front/back) of each navigable location and the room type (e.g., bedroom, kitchen) of its current and final navigation goal, namely "know where", as such information is widely mentioned in instructions implying the desired next and final locations. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness compared against several state-of-the-art methods on three indoor VLN tasks: REVERIE, NDH, and R2R.      
### 48.eGAN: Unsupervised approach to class imbalance using transfer learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04162.pdf)
>  Class imbalance is an inherent problem in many machine learning classification tasks. This often leads to trained models that are unusable for any practical purpose. In this study we explore an unsupervised approach to address these imbalances by leveraging transfer learning from pre-trained image classification models to encoder-based Generative Adversarial Network (eGAN). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to tackle this problem using GAN without needing to augment with synthesized fake images. <br>In the proposed approach we use the discriminator network to output a negative or positive score. We classify as minority, test samples with negative scores and as majority those with positive scores. Our approach eliminates epistemic uncertainty in model predictions, as the P(minority) + P(majority) need not sum up to 1. The impact of transfer learning and combinations of different pre-trained image classification models at the generator and discriminator is also explored. Best result of 0.69 F1-score was obtained on CIFAR-10 classification task with imbalance ratio of 1:2500. <br>Our approach also provides a mechanism of thresholding the specificity or sensitivity of our machine learning system. Keywords: Class imbalance, Transfer Learning, GAN, nash equilibrium      
### 49.DenResCov-19: A deep transfer learning network for robust automatic classification of COVID-19, pneumonia, and tuberculosis from X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04006.pdf)
>  The global pandemic of COVID-19 is continuing to have a significant effect on the well-being of global population, increasing the demand for rapid testing, diagnosis, and treatment. Along with COVID-19, other etiologies of pneumonia and tuberculosis constitute additional challenges to the medical system. In this regard, the objective of this work is to develop a new deep transfer learning pipeline to diagnose patients with COVID-19, pneumonia, and tuberculosis, based on chest x-ray images. We observed in some instances DenseNet and Resnet have orthogonal performances. In our proposed model, we have created an extra layer with convolutional neural network blocks to combine these two models to establish superior performance over either model. The same strategy can be useful in other applications where two competing networks with complementary performance are observed. We have tested the performance of our proposed network on two-class (pneumonia vs healthy), three-class (including COVID-19), and four-class (including tuberculosis) classification problems. The proposed network has been able to successfully classify these lung diseases in all four datasets and has provided significant improvement over the benchmark networks of DenseNet, ResNet, and Inception-V3. These novel findings can deliver a state-of-the-art pre-screening fast-track decision network to detect COVID-19 and other lung pathologies.      
