# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 20 Apr 2021
### 1.Comparing Correspondences: Video Prediction with Correspondence-wise Losses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09498.pdf)
>  Today's image prediction methods struggle to change the locations of objects in a scene, producing blurry images that average over the many positions they might occupy. In this paper, we propose a simple change to existing image similarity metrics that makes them more robust to positional errors: we match the images using optical flow, then measure the visual similarity of corresponding pixels. This change leads to crisper and more perceptually accurate predictions, and can be used with any image prediction network. We apply our method to predicting future frames of a video, where it obtains strong performance with simple, off-the-shelf architectures.      
### 2.Attention in Attention Network for Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09497.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have allowed remarkable advances in single image super-resolution (SISR) over the last decade. Among recent advances in SISR, attention mechanisms are crucial for high performance SR models. However, few works really discuss why attention works and how it works. In this work, we attempt to quantify and visualize the static attention mechanisms and show that not all attention modules are equally beneficial. We then propose attention in attention network (A$^2$N) for highly accurate image SR. Specifically, our A$^2$N consists of a non-attention branch and a coupling attention branch. Attention dropout module is proposed to generate dynamic attention weights for these two branches based on input features that can suppress unwanted attention adjustments. This allows attention modules to specialize to beneficial examples without otherwise penalties and thus greatly improve the capacity of the attention network with little parameter overhead. Experiments have demonstrated that our model could achieve superior trade-off performances comparing with state-of-the-art lightweight networks. Experiments on local attribution maps also prove attention in attention (A$^2$) structure can extract features from a wider range.      
### 3.Temporal Query Networks for Fine-grained Video Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09496.pdf)
>  Our objective in this work is fine-grained classification of actions in untrimmed videos, where the actions may be temporally extended or may span only a few frames of the video. We cast this into a query-response mechanism, where each query addresses a particular question, and has its own response label set. We make the following four contributions: (I) We propose a new model - a Temporal Query Network - which enables the query-response functionality, and a structural understanding of fine-grained actions. It attends to relevant segments for each query with a temporal attention mechanism, and can be trained using only the labels for each query. (ii) We propose a new way - stochastic feature bank update - to train a network on videos of various lengths with the dense sampling required to respond to fine-grained queries. (iii) We compare the TQN to other architectures and text supervision methods, and analyze their pros and cons. Finally, (iv) we evaluate the method extensively on the FineGym and Diving48 benchmarks for fine-grained action classification and surpass the state-of-the-art using only RGB features.      
### 4.EGL++: Extending Expected Gradient Length to Active Learning for Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09493.pdf)
>  State of the art human pose estimation models continue to rely on large quantities of labelled data for robust performance. Since labelling budget is often constrained, active learning algorithms are important in retaining the overall performance of the model at a lower cost. Although active learning has been well studied in literature, few techniques are reported for human pose estimation. In this paper, we theoretically derive expected gradient length for regression, and propose EGL++, a novel heuristic algorithm that extends expected gradient length to tasks where discrete labels are not available. We achieve this by computing low dimensional representations of the original images which are then used to form a neighborhood graph. We use this graph to: 1) Obtain a set of neighbors for a given sample, with each neighbor iteratively assumed to represent the ground truth for gradient calculation 2) Quantify the probability of each sample being a neighbor in the above set, facilitating the expected gradient step. Such an approach allows us to provide an approximate solution to the otherwise intractable task of integrating over the continuous output domain. To validate EGL++, we use the same datasets (Leeds Sports Pose, MPII) and experimental design as suggested by previous literature, achieving competitive results in comparison to these methods.      
### 5.Few-shot learning via tensor hallucination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09467.pdf)
>  Few-shot classification addresses the challenge of classifying examples given only limited labeled data. A powerful approach is to go beyond data augmentation, towards data synthesis. However, most of data augmentation/synthesis methods for few-shot classification are overly complex and sophisticated, e.g. training a wGAN with multiple regularizers or training a network to transfer latent diversities from known to novel classes. We make two contributions, namely we show that: (1) using a simple loss function is more than enough for training a feature generator in the few-shot setting; and (2) learning to generate tensor features instead of vector features is superior. Extensive experiments on miniImagenet, CUB and CIFAR-FS datasets show that our method sets a new state of the art, outperforming more sophisticated few-shot data augmentation methods.      
### 6.Entropy-based Optimization via A* Algorithm for Parking Space Recommendation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09461.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the path planning problems for recommending parking spaces, given the difficulties of identifying the most optimal route to vacant parking spaces and the shortest time to leave the parking space. Our optimization approach is based on the entropy method and realized by the A* algorithm. Experiments have shown that the combination of A* and the entropy value induces the optimal parking solution with the shortest route while being robust to environmental factors.      
### 7.Few-Shot Model Adaptation for Customized Facial Landmark Detection, Segmentation, Stylization and Shadow Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09457.pdf)
>  Despite excellent progress has been made, the performance of deep learning based algorithms still heavily rely on specific datasets, which are difficult to extend due to labor-intensive labeling. Moreover, because of the advancement of new applications, initial definition of data annotations might not always meet the requirements of new functionalities. Thus, there is always a great demand in customized data annotations. To address the above issues, we propose the Few-Shot Model Adaptation (FSMA) framework and demonstrate its potential on several important tasks on Faces. The FSMA first acquires robust facial image embeddings by training an adversarial auto-encoder using large-scale unlabeled data. Then the model is equipped with feature adaptation and fusion layers, and adapts to the target task efficiently using a minimal amount of annotated images. The FSMA framework is prominent in its versatility across a wide range of facial image applications. The FSMA achieves state-of-the-art few-shot landmark detection performance and it offers satisfying solutions for few-shot face segmentation, stylization and facial shadow removal tasks for the first time.      
### 8.Inharmonious Region Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09453.pdf)
>  The advance of image editing techniques allows users to create artistic works, but the manipulated regions may be incompatible with the background. Localizing the inharmonious region is an appealing yet challenging task. Realizing that this task requires effective aggregation of multi-scale contextual information and suppression of redundant information, we design novel Bi-directional Feature Integration (BFI) block and Global-context Guided Decoder (GGD) block to fuse multi-scale features in the encoder and decoder respectively. We also employ Mask-guided Dual Attention (MDA) block between the encoder and decoder to suppress the redundant information. Experiments on the image harmonization dataset demonstrate that our method achieves competitive performance for inharmonious region localization. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bcmi/DIRL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.What can human minimal videos tell us about dynamic recognition models?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09447.pdf)
>  In human vision objects and their parts can be visually recognized from purely spatial or purely temporal information but the mechanisms integrating space and time are poorly understood. Here we show that human visual recognition of objects and actions can be achieved by efficiently combining spatial and motion cues in configurations where each source on its own is insufficient for recognition. This analysis is obtained by identifying minimal videos: these are short and tiny video clips in which objects, parts, and actions can be reliably recognized, but any reduction in either space or time makes them unrecognizable. State-of-the-art deep networks for dynamic visual recognition cannot replicate human behavior in these configurations. This gap between humans and machines points to critical mechanisms in human dynamic vision that are lacking in current models.      
### 10.One More Check: Making "Fake Background" Be Tracked Again  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09441.pdf)
>  The one-shot multi-object tracking, which integrates object detection and ID embedding extraction into a unified network, has achieved groundbreaking results in recent years. However, current one-shot trackers solely rely on single-frame detections to predict candidate bounding boxes, which may be unreliable when facing disastrous visual degradation, e.g., motion blur, occlusions. Once a target bounding box is mistakenly classified as background by the detector, the temporal consistency of its corresponding tracklet will be no longer maintained, as shown in Fig. 1. In this paper, we set out to restore the misclassified bounding boxes, i.e., fake background, by proposing a re-check network. The re-check network propagates previous tracklets to the current frame by exploring the relation between cross-frame temporal cues and current candidates using the modified cross-correlation layer. The propagation results help to reload the "fake background" and eventually repair the broken tracklets. By inserting the re-check network to a strong baseline tracker CSTrack (a variant of JDE), our model achieves favorable gains by $70.7 \rightarrow 76.7$, $70.6 \rightarrow 76.3$ MOTA on MOT16 and MOT17, respectively. Code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JudasDie/SOTS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Axial-to-lateral super-resolution for 3D fluorescence microscopy using unsupervised deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09435.pdf)
>  Volumetric imaging by fluorescence microscopy is often limited by anisotropic spatial resolution from inferior axial resolution compared to the lateral resolution. To address this problem, here we present a deep-learning-enabled unsupervised super-resolution technique that enhances anisotropic images in volumetric fluorescence microscopy. In contrast to the existing deep learning approaches that require matched high-resolution target volume images, our method greatly reduces the effort to put into practice as the training of a network requires as little as a single 3D image stack, without a priori knowledge of the image formation process, registration of training data, or separate acquisition of target data. This is achieved based on the optimal transport driven cycle-consistent generative adversarial network that learns from an unpaired matching between high-resolution 2D images in lateral image plane and low-resolution 2D images in the other planes. Using fluorescence confocal microscopy and light-sheet microscopy, we demonstrate that the trained network not only enhances axial resolution beyond the diffraction limit, but also enhances suppressed visual details between the imaging planes and removes imaging artifacts.      
### 12.Cross-Domain Adaptive Clustering for Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09415.pdf)
>  In semi-supervised domain adaptation, a few labeled samples per class in the target domain guide features of the remaining target samples to aggregate around them. However, the trained model cannot produce a highly discriminative feature representation for the target domain because the training data is dominated by labeled samples from the source domain. This could lead to disconnection between the labeled and unlabeled target samples as well as misalignment between unlabeled target samples and the source domain. In this paper, we propose a novel approach called Cross-domain Adaptive Clustering to address this problem. To achieve both inter-domain and intra-domain adaptation, we first introduce an adversarial adaptive clustering loss to group features of unlabeled target data into clusters and perform cluster-wise feature alignment across the source and target domains. We further apply pseudo labeling to unlabeled samples in the target domain and retain pseudo-labels with high confidence. Pseudo labeling expands the number of ``labeled" samples in each class in the target domain, and thus produces a more robust and powerful cluster core for each class to facilitate adversarial learning. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets, including DomainNet, Office-Home and Office, demonstrate that our proposed approach achieves the state-of-the-art performance in semi-supervised domain adaptation.      
### 13.Understanding Chinese Video and Language via Contrastive Multimodal Pre-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09411.pdf)
>  The pre-trained neural models have recently achieved impressive performances in understanding multimodal content. However, it is still very challenging to pre-train neural models for video and language understanding, especially for Chinese video-language data, due to the following reasons. Firstly, existing video-language pre-training algorithms mainly focus on the co-occurrence of words and video frames, but ignore other valuable semantic and structure information of video-language content, e.g., sequential order and spatiotemporal relationships. Secondly, there exist conflicts between video sentence alignment and other proxy tasks. Thirdly, there is a lack of large-scale and high-quality Chinese video-language datasets (e.g., including 10 million unique videos), which are the fundamental success conditions for pre-training techniques. <br>In this work, we propose a novel video-language understanding framework named VICTOR, which stands for VIdeo-language understanding via Contrastive mulTimOdal pRe-training. Besides general proxy tasks such as masked language modeling, VICTOR constructs several novel proxy tasks under the contrastive learning paradigm, making the model be more robust and able to capture more complex multimodal semantic and structural relationships from different perspectives. VICTOR is trained on a large-scale Chinese video-language dataset, including over 10 million complete videos with corresponding high-quality textual descriptions. We apply the pre-trained VICTOR model to a series of downstream applications and demonstrate its superior performances, comparing against the state-of-the-art pre-training methods such as VideoBERT and UniVL. The codes and trained checkpoints will be publicly available to nourish further developments of the research community.      
### 14.OmniLayout: Room Layout Reconstruction from Indoor Spherical Panoramas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09403.pdf)
>  Given a single RGB panorama, the goal of 3D layout reconstruction is to estimate the room layout by predicting the corners, floor boundary, and ceiling boundary. A common approach has been to use standard convolutional networks to predict the corners and boundaries, followed by post-processing to generate the 3D layout. However, the space-varying distortions in panoramic images are not compatible with the translational equivariance property of standard convolutions, thus degrading performance. Instead, we propose to use spherical convolutions. The resulting network, which we call OmniLayout performs convolutions directly on the sphere surface, sampling according to inverse equirectangular projection and hence invariant to equirectangular distortions. Using a new evaluation metric, we show that our network reduces the error in the heavily distorted regions (near the poles) by approx 25 % when compared to standard convolutional networks. Experimental results show that OmniLayout outperforms the state-of-the-art by approx 4% on two different benchmark datasets (PanoContext and Stanford 2D-3D). Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rshivansh/OmniLayout" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Beyond Joint Demosaicking and Denoising: An Image Processing Pipeline for a Pixel-bin Image Sensor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09398.pdf)
>  Pixel binning is considered one of the most prominent solutions to tackle the hardware limitation of smartphone cameras. Despite numerous advantages, such an image sensor has to appropriate an artefact-prone non-Bayer colour filter array (CFA) to enable the binning capability. Contrarily, performing essential image signal processing (ISP) tasks like demosaicking and denoising, explicitly with such CFA patterns, makes the reconstruction process notably complicated. In this paper, we tackle the challenges of joint demosaicing and denoising (JDD) on such an image sensor by introducing a novel learning-based method. The proposed method leverages the depth and spatial attention in a deep network. The proposed network is guided by a multi-term objective function, including two novel perceptual losses to produce visually plausible images. On top of that, we stretch the proposed image processing pipeline to comprehensively reconstruct and enhance the images captured with a smartphone camera, which uses pixel binning techniques. The experimental results illustrate that the proposed method can outperform the existing methods by a noticeable margin in qualitative and quantitative comparisons. Code available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sharif-apu/BJDD_CVPR21" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.A Two-stage Deep Network for High Dynamic Range Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09386.pdf)
>  Mapping a single exposure low dynamic range (LDR) image into a high dynamic range (HDR) is considered among the most strenuous image to image translation tasks due to exposure-related missing information. This study tackles the challenges of single-shot LDR to HDR mapping by proposing a novel two-stage deep network. Notably, our proposed method aims to reconstruct an HDR image without knowing hardware information, including camera response function (CRF) and exposure settings. Therefore, we aim to perform image enhancement task like denoising, exposure correction, etc., in the first stage. Additionally, the second stage of our deep network learns tone mapping and bit-expansion from a convex set of data samples. The qualitative and quantitative comparisons demonstrate that the proposed method can outperform the existing LDR to HDR works with a marginal difference. Apart from that, we collected an LDR image dataset incorporating different camera systems. The evaluation with our collected real-world LDR images illustrates that the proposed method can reconstruct plausible HDR images without presenting any visual artefacts. Code available: https://github. com/sharif-apu/twostageHDR_NTIRE21.      
### 17.BM-NAS: Bilevel Multimodal Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09379.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have shown superior performances on various multimodal learning problems. However, it often requires huge efforts to adapt DNNs to individual multimodal tasks by manually engineering unimodal features and designing multimodal feature fusion strategies. This paper proposes Bilevel Multimodal Neural Architecture Search (BM-NAS) framework, which makes the architecture of multimodal fusion models fully searchable via a bilevel searching scheme. At the upper level, BM-NAS selects the inter/intra-modal feature pairs from the pretrained unimodal backbones. At the lower level, BM-NAS learns the fusion strategy for each feature pair, which is a combination of predefined primitive operations. The primitive operations are elaborately designed and they can be flexibly combined to accommodate various effective feature fusion modules such as multi-head attention (Transformer) and Attention on Attention (AoA). Experimental results on three multimodal tasks demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed BM-NAS framework. BM-NAS achieves competitive performances with much less search time and fewer model parameters in comparison with the existing generalized multimodal NAS methods.      
### 18.A Hierarchical Coding Scheme for Glasses-free 3D Displays Based on Scalable Hybrid Layered Representation of Real-World Light Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09378.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel hierarchical coding scheme for light fields based on transmittance patterns of low-rank multiplicative layers and Fourier disparity layers. The proposed scheme learns stacked multiplicative layers from subsets of light field views determined from different scanning orders. The multiplicative layers are optimized using a fast data-driven convolutional neural network (CNN). The spatial correlation in layer patterns is exploited with varying low ranks in factorization derived from singular value decomposition on a Krylov subspace. Further, encoding with HEVC efficiently removes intra-view and inter-view correlation in low-rank approximated layers. The initial subset of approximated decoded views from multiplicative representation is used to construct Fourier disparity layer (FDL) representation. The FDL model synthesizes second subset of views which is identified by a pre-defined hierarchical prediction order. The correlations between the prediction residue of synthesized views is further eliminated by encoding the residual signal. The set of views obtained from decoding the residual is employed in order to refine the FDL model and predict the next subset of views with improved accuracy. This hierarchical procedure is repeated until all light field views are encoded. The critical advantage of proposed hybrid layered representation and coding scheme is that it utilizes not just spatial and temporal redundancies, but efficiently exploits the strong intrinsic similarities among neighboring sub-aperture images in both horizontal and vertical directions as specified by different predication orders. Besides, the scheme is flexible to realize a range of multiple bitrates at the decoder within a single integrated system. The compression performance analyzed with real light field shows substantial bitrate savings, maintaining good reconstruction quality.      
### 19.A Multi-Task Deep Learning Framework for Building Footprint Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09375.pdf)
>  The task of building footprint segmentation has been well-studied in the context of remote sensing (RS) as it provides valuable information in many aspects, however, difficulties brought by the nature of RS images such as variations in the spatial arrangements and in-consistent constructional patterns require studying further, since it often causes poorly classified segmentation maps. We address this need by designing a joint optimization scheme for the task of building footprint delineation and introducing two auxiliary tasks; image reconstruction and building footprint boundary segmentation with the intent to reveal the common underlying structure to advance the classification accuracy of a single task model under the favor of auxiliary tasks. In particular, we propose a deep multi-task learning (MTL) based unified fully convolutional framework which operates in an end-to-end manner by making use of joint loss function with learnable loss weights considering the homoscedastic uncertainty of each task loss. Experimental results conducted on the SpaceNet6 dataset demonstrate the potential of the proposed MTL framework as it improves the classification accuracy considerably compared to single-task and lesser compounded tasks.      
### 20.DANICE: Domain adaptation without forgetting in neural image compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09370.pdf)
>  Neural image compression (NIC) is a new coding paradigm where coding capabilities are captured by deep models learned from data. This data-driven nature enables new potential functionalities. In this paper, we study the adaptability of codecs to custom domains of interest. We show that NIC codecs are transferable and that they can be adapted with relatively few target domain images. However, naive adaptation interferes with the solution optimized for the original source domain, resulting in forgetting the original coding capabilities in that domain, and may even break the compatibility with previously encoded bitstreams. Addressing these problems, we propose Codec Adaptation without Forgetting (CAwF), a framework that can avoid these problems by adding a small amount of custom parameters, where the source codec remains embedded and unchanged during the adaptation process. Experiments demonstrate its effectiveness and provide useful insights on the characteristics of catastrophic interference in NIC.      
### 21.Contrastive Learning for Compact Single Image Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09367.pdf)
>  Single image dehazing is a challenging ill-posed problem due to the severe information degeneration. However, existing deep learning based dehazing methods only adopt clear images as positive samples to guide the training of dehazing network while negative information is unexploited. Moreover, most of them focus on strengthening the dehazing network with an increase of depth and width, leading to a significant requirement of computation and memory. In this paper, we propose a novel contrastive regularization (CR) built upon contrastive learning to exploit both the information of hazy images and clear images as negative and positive samples, respectively. CR ensures that the restored image is pulled to closer to the clear image and pushed to far away from the hazy image in the representation space. Furthermore, considering trade-off between performance and memory storage, we develop a compact dehazing network based on autoencoder-like (AE) framework. It involves an adaptive mixup operation and a dynamic feature enhancement module, which can benefit from preserving information flow adaptively and expanding the receptive field to improve the network's transformation capability, respectively. We term our dehazing network with autoencoder and contrastive regularization as AECR-Net. The extensive experiments on synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate that our AECR-Net surpass the state-of-the-art approaches. The code is released in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GlassyWu/AECR-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Single-view robot pose and joint angle estimation via render &amp; compare  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09359.pdf)
>  We introduce RoboPose, a method to estimate the joint angles and the 6D camera-to-robot pose of a known articulated robot from a single RGB image. This is an important problem to grant mobile and itinerant autonomous systems the ability to interact with other robots using only visual information in non-instrumented environments, especially in the context of collaborative robotics. It is also challenging because robots have many degrees of freedom and an infinite space of possible configurations that often result in self-occlusions and depth ambiguities when imaged by a single camera. The contributions of this work are three-fold. First, we introduce a new render &amp; compare approach for estimating the 6D pose and joint angles of an articulated robot that can be trained from synthetic data, generalizes to new unseen robot configurations at test time, and can be applied to a variety of robots. Second, we experimentally demonstrate the importance of the robot parametrization for the iterative pose updates and design a parametrization strategy that is independent of the robot structure. Finally, we show experimental results on existing benchmark datasets for four different robots and demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms the state of the art. Code and pre-trained models are available on the project webpage <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.di.ens.fr/willow/research/robopose/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Infrared Beacons for Robust Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09335.pdf)
>  This paper presents a localization system that uses infrared beacons and a camera equipped with an optical band-pass filter. Our system can reliably detect and identify individual beacons at 100m distance regardless of lighting conditions. We describe the camera and beacon design as well as the image processing pipeline in detail. In our experiments, we investigate and demonstrate the ability of the system to recognize our beacons in both daytime and nighttime conditions. High precision localization is a key enabler for automated vehicles but remains unsolved, despite strong recent improvements. Our low-cost, infrastructure-based approach helps solve the localization problem. All datasets are made available.      
### 24.Camera Calibration and Player Localization in SoccerNet-v2 and Investigation of their Representations for Action Spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09333.pdf)
>  Soccer broadcast video understanding has been drawing a lot of attention in recent years within data scientists and industrial companies. This is mainly due to the lucrative potential unlocked by effective deep learning techniques developed in the field of computer vision. In this work, we focus on the topic of camera calibration and on its current limitations for the scientific community. More precisely, we tackle the absence of a large-scale calibration dataset and of a public calibration network trained on such a dataset. Specifically, we distill a powerful commercial calibration tool in a recent neural network architecture on the large-scale SoccerNet dataset, composed of untrimmed broadcast videos of 500 soccer games. We further release our distilled network, and leverage it to provide 3 ways of representing the calibration results along with player localization. Finally, we exploit those representations within the current best architecture for the action spotting task of SoccerNet-v2, and achieve new state-of-the-art performances.      
### 25.A Mathematical Analysis of Learning Loss for Active Learning in Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09315.pdf)
>  Active learning continues to remain significant in the industry since it is data efficient. Not only is it cost effective on a constrained budget, continuous refinement of the model allows for early detection and resolution of failure scenarios during the model development stage. Identifying and fixing failures with the model is crucial as industrial applications demand that the underlying model performs accurately in all foreseeable use cases. One popular state-of-the-art technique that specializes in continuously refining the model via failure identification is Learning Loss. Although simple and elegant, this approach is empirically motivated. Our paper develops a foundation for Learning Loss which enables us to propose a novel modification we call LearningLoss++. We show that gradients are crucial in interpreting how Learning Loss works, with rigorous analysis and comparison of the gradients between Learning Loss and LearningLoss++. We also propose a convolutional architecture that combines features at different scales to predict the loss. We validate LearningLoss++ for regression on the task of human pose estimation (using MPII and LSP datasets), as done in Learning Loss. We show that LearningLoss++ outperforms in identifying scenarios where the model is likely to perform poorly, which on model refinement translates into reliable performance in the open world.      
### 26.Transcriptome-wide prediction of prostate cancer gene expression from histopathology images using co-expression based convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09310.pdf)
>  Molecular phenotyping by gene expression profiling is common in contemporary cancer research and in molecular diagnostics. However, molecular profiling remains costly and resource intense to implement, and is just starting to be introduced into clinical diagnostics. Molecular changes, including genetic alterations and gene expression changes, occuring in tumors cause morphological changes in tissue, which can be observed on the microscopic level. The relationship between morphological patterns and some of the molecular phenotypes can be exploited to predict molecular phenotypes directly from routine haematoxylin and eosin (H&amp;E) stained whole slide images (WSIs) using deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). In this study, we propose a new, computationally efficient approach for disease specific modelling of relationships between morphology and gene expression, and we conducted the first transcriptome-wide analysis in prostate cancer, using CNNs to predict bulk RNA-sequencing estimates from WSIs of H&amp;E stained tissue. The work is based on the TCGA PRAD study and includes both WSIs and RNA-seq data for 370 patients. Out of 15586 protein coding and sufficiently frequently expressed transcripts, 6618 had predicted expression significantly associated with RNA-seq estimates (FDR-adjusted p-value &lt; 1*10-4) in a cross-validation. 5419 (81.9%) of these were subsequently validated in a held-out test set. We also demonstrate the ability to predict a prostate cancer specific cell cycle progression score directly from WSIs. These findings suggest that contemporary computer vision models offer an inexpensive and scalable solution for prediction of gene expression phenotypes directly from WSIs, providing opportunity for cost-effective large-scale research studies and molecular diagnostics.      
### 27.Vision-Based Guidance for Tracking Dynamic Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09301.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel vision-based framework for tracking dynamic objects using guidance laws based on a rendezvous cone approach. These guidance laws enable an unmanned aircraft system equipped with a monocular camera to continuously follow a moving object within the sensor's field of view. We identify and classify feature point estimators for managing the occurrence of occlusions during the tracking process in an exclusive manner. Furthermore, we develop an open-source simulation environment and perform a series of simulations to show the efficacy of our methods.      
### 28.Multi-person Implicit Reconstruction from a Single Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09283.pdf)
>  We present a new end-to-end learning framework to obtain detailed and spatially coherent reconstructions of multiple people from a single image. Existing multi-person methods suffer from two main drawbacks: they are often model-based and therefore cannot capture accurate 3D models of people with loose clothing and hair; or they require manual intervention to resolve occlusions or interactions. Our method addresses both limitations by introducing the first end-to-end learning approach to perform model-free implicit reconstruction for realistic 3D capture of multiple clothed people in arbitrary poses (with occlusions) from a single image. Our network simultaneously estimates the 3D geometry of each person and their 6DOF spatial locations, to obtain a coherent multi-human reconstruction. In addition, we introduce a new synthetic dataset that depicts images with a varying number of inter-occluded humans and a variety of clothing and hair styles. We demonstrate robust, high-resolution reconstructions on images of multiple humans with complex occlusions, loose clothing and a large variety of poses and scenes. Our quantitative evaluation on both synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrates state-of-the-art performance with significant improvements in the accuracy and completeness of the reconstructions over competing approaches.      
### 29.Temporal Consistency Loss for High Resolution Textured and Clothed 3DHuman Reconstruction from Monocular Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09259.pdf)
>  We present a novel method to learn temporally consistent 3D reconstruction of clothed people from a monocular video. Recent methods for 3D human reconstruction from monocular video using volumetric, implicit or parametric human shape models, produce per frame reconstructions giving temporally inconsistent output and limited performance when applied to video. In this paper, we introduce an approach to learn temporally consistent features for textured reconstruction of clothed 3D human sequences from monocular video by proposing two advances: a novel temporal consistency loss function; and hybrid representation learning for implicit 3D reconstruction from 2D images and coarse 3D geometry. The proposed advances improve the temporal consistency and accuracy of both the 3D reconstruction and texture prediction from a monocular video. Comprehensive comparative performance evaluation on images of people demonstrates that the proposed method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art learning-based single image 3D human shape estimation approaches achieving significant improvement of reconstruction accuracy, completeness, quality and temporal consistency.      
### 30.Plants Don't Walk on the Street: Common-Sense Reasoning for Reliable Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09254.pdf)
>  Data-driven sensor interpretation in autonomous driving can lead to highly implausible predictions as can most of the time be verified with common-sense knowledge. However, learning common knowledge only from data is hard and approaches for knowledge integration are an active research area. We propose to use a partly human-designed, partly learned set of rules to describe relations between objects of a traffic scene on a high level of abstraction. In doing so, we improve and robustify existing deep neural networks consuming low-level sensor information. We present an initial study adapting the well-established Probabilistic Soft Logic (PSL) framework to validate and improve on the problem of semantic segmentation. We describe in detail how we integrate common knowledge into the segmentation pipeline using PSL and verify our approach in a set of experiments demonstrating the increase in robustness against several severe image distortions applied to the A2D2 autonomous driving data set.      
### 31.LSPnet: A 2D Localization-oriented Spacecraft Pose Estimation Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09248.pdf)
>  Being capable of estimating the pose of uncooperative objects in space has been proposed as a key asset for enabling safe close-proximity operations such as space rendezvous, in-orbit servicing and active debris removal. Usual approaches for pose estimation involve classical computer vision-based solutions or the application of Deep Learning (DL) techniques. This work explores a novel DL-based methodology, using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), for estimating the pose of uncooperative spacecrafts. Contrary to other approaches, the proposed CNN directly regresses poses without needing any prior 3D information. Moreover, bounding boxes of the spacecraft in the image are predicted in a simple, yet efficient manner. The performed experiments show how this work competes with the state-of-the-art in uncooperative spacecraft pose estimation, including works which require 3D information as well as works which predict bounding boxes through sophisticated CNNs.      
### 32.Multi-Modal Fusion Transformer for End-to-End Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09224.pdf)
>  How should representations from complementary sensors be integrated for autonomous driving? Geometry-based sensor fusion has shown great promise for perception tasks such as object detection and motion forecasting. However, for the actual driving task, the global context of the 3D scene is key, e.g. a change in traffic light state can affect the behavior of a vehicle geometrically distant from that traffic light. Geometry alone may therefore be insufficient for effectively fusing representations in end-to-end driving models. In this work, we demonstrate that imitation learning policies based on existing sensor fusion methods under-perform in the presence of a high density of dynamic agents and complex scenarios, which require global contextual reasoning, such as handling traffic oncoming from multiple directions at uncontrolled intersections. Therefore, we propose TransFuser, a novel Multi-Modal Fusion Transformer, to integrate image and LiDAR representations using attention. We experimentally validate the efficacy of our approach in urban settings involving complex scenarios using the CARLA urban driving simulator. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art driving performance while reducing collisions by 76% compared to geometry-based fusion.      
### 33.Coarse-to-Fine Searching for Efficient Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09223.pdf)
>  This paper studies the neural architecture search (NAS) problem for developing efficient generator networks. Compared with deep models for visual recognition tasks, generative adversarial network (GAN) are usually designed to conduct various complex image generation. We first discover an intact search space of generator networks including three dimensionalities, i.e., path, operator, channel for fully excavating the network performance. To reduce the huge search cost, we explore a coarse-to-fine search strategy which divides the overall search process into three sub-optimization problems accordingly. In addition, a fair supernet training approach is utilized to ensure that all sub-networks can be updated fairly and stably. Experiments results on benchmarks show that we can provide generator networks with better image quality and lower computational costs over the state-of-the-art methods. For example, with our method, it takes only about 8 GPU hours on the entire edges-to-shoes dataset to get a 2.56 MB model with a 24.13 FID score and 10 GPU hours on the entire Urban100 dataset to get a 1.49 MB model with a 24.94 PSNR score.      
### 34.SCNet: Enhancing Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation by Self-Contrastive Background Prototypes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09216.pdf)
>  Few-shot semantic segmentation aims to segment novel-class objects in a query image with only a few annotated examples in support images. Most of advanced solutions exploit a metric learning framework that performs segmentation through matching each pixel to a learned foreground prototype. However, this framework suffers from biased classification due to incomplete construction of sample pairs with the foreground prototype only. To address this issue, in this paper, we introduce a complementary self-contrastive task into few-shot semantic segmentation. Our new model is able to associate the pixels in a region with the prototype of this region, no matter they are in the foreground or background. To this end, we generate self-contrastive background prototypes directly from the query image, with which we enable the construction of complete sample pairs and thus a complementary and auxiliary segmentation task to achieve the training of a better segmentation model. Extensive experiments on PASCAL-5$^i$ and COCO-20$^i$ demonstrate clearly the superiority of our proposal. At no expense of inference efficiency, our model achieves state-of-the results in both 1-shot and 5-shot settings for few-shot semantic segmentation.      
### 35.Compact CNN Structure Learning by Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09191.pdf)
>  The concept of compressing deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) is essential to use limited computation, power, and memory resources on embedded devices. However, existing methods achieve this objective at the cost of a drop in inference accuracy in computer vision tasks. To address such a drawback, we propose a framework that leverages knowledge distillation along with customizable block-wise optimization to learn a lightweight CNN structure while preserving better control over the compression-performance tradeoff. Considering specific resource constraints, e.g., floating-point operations per inference (FLOPs) or model-parameters, our method results in a state of the art network compression while being capable of achieving better inference accuracy. In a comprehensive evaluation, we demonstrate that our method is effective, robust, and consistent with results over a variety of network architectures and datasets, at negligible training overhead. In particular, for the already compact network MobileNet_v2, our method offers up to 2x and 5.2x better model compression in terms of FLOPs and model-parameters, respectively, while getting 1.05% better model performance than the baseline network.      
### 36.Cyclist Intention Detection: A Probabilistic Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09176.pdf)
>  This article presents a holistic approach for probabilistic cyclist intention detection. A basic movement detection based on motion history images (MHI) and a residual convolutional neural network (ResNet) are used to estimate probabilities for the current cyclist motion state. These probabilities are used as weights in a probabilistic ensemble trajectory forecast. The ensemble consists of specialized models, which produce individual forecasts in the form of Gaussian distributions under the assumption of a certain motion state of the cyclist (e.g. cyclist is starting or turning left). By weighting the specialized models, we create forecasts in the from of Gaussian mixtures that define regions within which the cyclists will reside with a certain probability. To evaluate our method, we rate the reliability, sharpness, and positional accuracy of our forecasted distributions. We compare our method to a single model approach which produces forecasts in the form of Gaussian distributions and show that our method is able to produce more reliable and sharper outputs while retaining comparable positional accuracy. Both methods are evaluated using a dataset created at a public traffic intersection. Our code and the dataset are made publicly available.      
### 37.LaLaLoc: Latent Layout Localisation in Dynamic, Unvisited Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09169.pdf)
>  We present LaLaLoc to localise in environments without the need for prior visitation, and in a manner that is robust to large changes in scene appearance, such as a full rearrangement of furniture. Specifically, LaLaLoc performs localisation through latent representations of room layout. LaLaLoc learns a rich embedding space shared between RGB panoramas and layouts inferred from a known floor plan that encodes the structural similarity between locations. Further, LaLaLoc introduces direct, cross-modal pose optimisation in its latent space. Thus, LaLaLoc enables fine-grained pose estimation in a scene without the need for prior visitation, as well as being robust to dynamics, such as a change in furniture configuration. We show that in a domestic environment LaLaLoc is able to accurately localise a single RGB panorama image to within 8.3cm, given only a floor plan as a prior.      
### 38.Conditional Variational Capsule Network for Open Set Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09159.pdf)
>  In open set recognition, a classifier has to detect unknown classes that are not known at training time. In order to recognize new classes, the classifier has to project the input samples of known classes in very compact and separated regions of the features space in order to discriminate outlier samples of unknown classes. Recently proposed Capsule Networks have shown to outperform alternatives in many fields, particularly in image recognition, however they have not been fully applied yet to open-set recognition. In capsule networks, scalar neurons are replaced by capsule vectors or matrices, whose entries represent different properties of objects. In our proposal, during training, capsules features of the same known class are encouraged to match a pre-defined gaussian, one for each class. To this end, we use the variational autoencoder framework, with a set of gaussian prior as the approximation for the posterior distribution. In this way, we are able to control the compactness of the features of the same class around the center of the gaussians, thus controlling the ability of the classifier in detecting samples from unknown classes. We conducted several experiments and ablation of our model, obtaining state of the art results on different datasets in the open set recognition and unknown detection tasks.      
### 39.Self-Paced Uncertainty Estimation for One-shot Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09152.pdf)
>  The one-shot Person Re-ID scenario faces two kinds of uncertainties when constructing the prediction model from $X$ to $Y$. The first is model uncertainty, which captures the noise of the parameters in DNNs due to a lack of training data. The second is data uncertainty, which can be divided into two sub-types: one is image noise, where severe occlusion and the complex background contain irrelevant information about the identity; the other is label noise, where mislabeled affects visual appearance learning. In this paper, to tackle these issues, we propose a novel Self-Paced Uncertainty Estimation Network (SPUE-Net) for one-shot Person Re-ID. By introducing a self-paced sampling strategy, our method can estimate the pseudo-labels of unlabeled samples iteratively to expand the labeled samples gradually and remove model uncertainty without extra supervision. We divide the pseudo-label samples into two subsets to make the use of training samples more reasonable and effective. In addition, we apply a Co-operative learning method of local uncertainty estimation combined with determinacy estimation to achieve better hidden space feature mining and to improve the precision of selected pseudo-labeled samples, which reduces data uncertainty. Extensive comparative evaluation experiments on video-based and image-based datasets show that SPUE-Net has significant advantages over the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 40.Face-GCN: A Graph Convolutional Network for 3D Dynamic Face Identification/Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09145.pdf)
>  Face identification/recognition has significantly advanced over the past years. However, most of the proposed approaches rely on static RGB frames and on neutral facial expressions. This has two disadvantages. First, important facial shape cues are ignored. Second, facial deformations due to expressions can have an impact in the performance of such a method. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for dynamic 3D face identification/recognition based on facial keypoints. Each dynamic sequence of facial expressions is represented as a spatio-temporal graph, which is constructed using 3D facial landmarks. Each graph node contains local shape and texture features that are extracted from its neighborhood. For the classification/identification of faces, a Spatio-temporal Graph Convolutional Network (ST-GCN) is used. Finally, we evaluate our approach on a challenging dynamic 3D facial expression dataset.      
### 41.Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation with Prototypical Alignment and Consistency Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09136.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation enhances generalizability of a model across domains with domain shifts. Most research effort has been spent on Unsupervised Domain Adaption (UDA) which trains a model jointly with labeled source data and unlabeled target data. This paper studies how much it can help address domain shifts if we further have a few target samples (e.g., one sample per class) labeled. This is the so-called semi-supervised domain adaptation (SSDA) problem and the few labeled target samples are termed as ``landmarks''. To explore the full potential of landmarks, we incorporate a prototypical alignment (PA) module which calculates a target prototype for each class from the landmarks; source samples are then aligned with the target prototype from the same class. To further alleviate label scarcity, we propose a data augmentation based solution. Specifically, we severely perturb the labeled images, making PA non-trivial to achieve and thus promoting model generalizability. Moreover, we apply consistency learning on unlabeled target images, by perturbing each image with light transformations and strong transformations. Then, the strongly perturbed image can enjoy ``supervised-like'' training using the pseudo label inferred from the lightly perturbed one. Experiments show that the proposed method, though simple, reaches significant performance gains over state-of-the-art methods, and enjoys the flexibility of being able to serve as a plug-and-play component to various existing UDA methods and improve adaptation performance with landmarks provided. Our code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/kailigo/pacl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 42.Restoration of Video Frames from a Single Blurred Image with Motion Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09134.pdf)
>  We propose a novel framework to generate clean video frames from a single motion-blurred image. While a broad range of literature focuses on recovering a single image from a blurred image, in this work, we tackle a more challenging task i.e. video restoration from a blurred image. We formulate video restoration from a single blurred image as an inverse problem by setting clean image sequence and their respective motion as latent factors, and the blurred image as an observation. Our framework is based on an encoder-decoder structure with spatial transformer network modules to restore a video sequence and its underlying motion in an end-to-end manner. We design a loss function and regularizers with complementary properties to stabilize the training and analyze variant models of the proposed network. The effectiveness and transferability of our network are highlighted through a large set of experiments on two different types of datasets: camera rotation blurs generated from panorama scenes and dynamic motion blurs in high speed videos.      
### 43.RANSIC: Fast and Highly Robust Estimation for Rotation Search and Point Cloud Registration using Invariant Compatibility  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09133.pdf)
>  Correspondence-based rotation search and point cloud registration are two fundamental problems in robotics and computer vision. However, the presence of outliers, sometimes even occupying the great majority of the putative correspondences, can make many existing algorithms either fail or have very high computational cost. In this paper, we present RANSIC (RANdom Sampling with Invariant Compatibility), a fast and highly robust method applicable to both problems based on a new paradigm combining random sampling with invariance and compatibility. Generally, RANSIC starts with randomly selecting small subsets from the correspondence set, then seeks potential inliers as graph vertices from the random subsets through the compatibility tests of invariants established in each problem, and eventually returns the eligible inliers when there exists at least one K-degree vertex (K is automatically updated depending on the problem) and the residual errors satisfy a certain termination condition at the same time. In multiple synthetic and real experiments, we demonstrate that RANSIC is fast for use, robust against over 95% outliers, and also able to recall approximately 100% of the inliers, outperforming other state-of-the-art solvers for both the rotation search and the point cloud registration problems.      
### 44.DisCo: Remedy Self-supervised Learning on Lightweight Models with Distilled Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09124.pdf)
>  While self-supervised representation learning (SSL) has received widespread attention from the community, recent research argue that its performance will suffer a cliff fall when the model size decreases. The current method mainly relies on contrastive learning to train the network and in this work, we propose a simple yet effective Distilled Contrastive Learning (DisCo) to ease the issue by a large margin. Specifically, we find the final embedding obtained by the mainstream SSL methods contains the most fruitful information, and propose to distill the final embedding to maximally transmit a teacher's knowledge to a lightweight model by constraining the last embedding of the student to be consistent with that of the teacher. In addition, in the experiment, we find that there exists a phenomenon termed Distilling BottleNeck and present to enlarge the embedding dimension to alleviate this problem. Our method does not introduce any extra parameter to lightweight models during deployment. Experimental results demonstrate that our method achieves the state-of-the-art on all lightweight models. Particularly, when ResNet-101/ResNet-50 is used as teacher to teach EfficientNet-B0, the linear result of EfficientNet-B0 on ImageNet is very close to ResNet-101/ResNet-50, but the number of parameters of EfficientNet-B0 is only 9.4%/16.3% of ResNet-101/ResNet-50.      
### 45.TetraPackNet: Four-Corner-Based Object Detection in Logistics Use-Cases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09123.pdf)
>  While common image object detection tasks focus on bounding boxes or segmentation masks as object representations, we propose a novel method, named TetraPackNet, using fourcorner based object representations. TetraPackNet is inspired by and based on CornerNet and uses similar base algorithms and ideas. It is designated for applications were the high-accuracy detection of regularly shaped objects is crucial, which is the case in the logistics use-case of packaging structure recognition. We evaluate our model on our specific real-world dataset for this use-case. Baselined against a previous solution, consisting of a a Mask R-CNN model and suitable post-processing steps, TetraPackNet achieves superior results (6% higher in accuracy) in the application of four-corner based transport unit side detection.      
### 46.TransCrowd: Weakly-Supervised Crowd Counting with Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09116.pdf)
>  The mainstream crowd counting methods usually utilize the convolution neural network (CNN) to regress a density map, requiring point-level annotations. However, annotating each person with a point is an expensive and laborious process. During the testing phase, the point-level annotations are not considered to evaluate the counting accuracy, which means the point-level annotations are redundant. Hence, it is desirable to develop weakly-supervised counting methods that just rely on count level annotations, a more economical way of labeling. Current weakly-supervised counting methods adopt the CNN to regress a total count of the crowd by an image-to-count paradigm. However, having limited receptive fields for context modeling is an intrinsic limitation of these weakly-supervised CNN-based methods. These methods thus can not achieve satisfactory performance, limited applications in the real-word. The Transformer is a popular sequence-to-sequence prediction model in NLP, which contains a global receptive field. In this paper, we propose TransCrowd, which reformulates the weakly-supervised crowd counting problem from the perspective of sequence-to-count based on Transformer. We observe that the proposed TransCrowd can effectively extract the semantic crowd information by using the self-attention mechanism of Transformer. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to adopt a pure Transformer for crowd counting research. Experiments on five benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed TransCrowd achieves superior performance compared with all the weakly-supervised CNN-based counting methods and gains highly competitive counting performance compared with some popular fully-supervised counting methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dk-liang/TransCrowd" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.Image Inpainting with External-internal Learning and Monochromic Bottleneck  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09068.pdf)
>  Although recent inpainting approaches have demonstrated significant improvements with deep neural networks, they still suffer from artifacts such as blunt structures and abrupt colors when filling in the missing regions. To address these issues, we propose an external-internal inpainting scheme with a monochromic bottleneck that helps image inpainting models remove these artifacts. In the external learning stage, we reconstruct missing structures and details in the monochromic space to reduce the learning dimension. In the internal learning stage, we propose a novel internal color propagation method with progressive learning strategies for consistent color restoration. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed scheme helps image inpainting models produce more structure-preserved and visually compelling results.      
### 48.Surrogate Gradient Field for Latent Space Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09065.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) can generate high-quality images from sampled latent codes. Recent works attempt to edit an image by manipulating its underlying latent code, but rarely go beyond the basic task of attribute adjustment. We propose the first method that enables manipulation with multidimensional condition such as keypoints and captions. Specifically, we design an algorithm that searches for a new latent code that satisfies the target condition based on the Surrogate Gradient Field (SGF) induced by an auxiliary mapping network. For quantitative comparison, we propose a metric to evaluate the disentanglement of manipulation methods. Thorough experimental analysis on the facial attribute adjustment task shows that our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods in disentanglement. We further apply our method to tasks of various condition modalities to demonstrate that our method can alter complex image properties such as keypoints and captions.      
### 49.A Competitive Method to VIPriors Object Detection Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09059.pdf)
>  In this report, we introduce the technical details of our submission to the VIPriors object detection challenge. Our solution is based on mmdetction of a strong baseline open-source detection toolbox. Firstly, we introduce an effective data augmentation method to address the lack of data problem, which contains bbox-jitter, grid-mask, and mix-up. Secondly, we present a robust region of interest (ROI) extraction method to learn more significant ROI features via embedding global context features. Thirdly, we propose a multi-model integration strategy to refinement the prediction box, which weighted boxes fusion (WBF). Experimental results demonstrate that our approach can significantly improve the average precision (AP) of object detection on the subset of the COCO2017 dataset.      
### 50.Neural Architecture Search for Image Super-Resolution Using Densely Constructed Search Space: DeCoNAS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09048.pdf)
>  The recent progress of deep convolutional neural networks has enabled great success in single image super-resolution (SISR) and many other vision tasks. Their performances are also being increased by deepening the networks and developing more sophisticated network structures. However, finding an optimal structure for the given problem is a difficult task, even for human experts. For this reason, neural architecture search (NAS) methods have been introduced, which automate the procedure of constructing the structures. In this paper, we expand the NAS to the super-resolution domain and find a lightweight densely connected network named DeCoNASNet. We use a hierarchical search strategy to find the best connection with local and global features. In this process, we define a complexity-based penalty for solving image super-resolution, which can be considered a multi-objective problem. Experiments show that our DeCoNASNet outperforms the state-of-the-art lightweight super-resolution networks designed by handcraft methods and existing NAS-based design.      
### 51.Distilling Knowledge via Knowledge Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09044.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation transfers knowledge from the teacher network to the student one, with the goal of greatly improving the performance of the student network. Previous methods mostly focus on proposing feature transformation and loss functions between the same level's features to improve the effectiveness. We differently study the factor of connection path cross levels between teacher and student networks, and reveal its great importance. For the first time in knowledge distillation, cross-stage connection paths are proposed. Our new review mechanism is effective and structurally simple. Our finally designed nested and compact framework requires negligible computation overhead, and outperforms other methods on a variety of tasks. We apply our method to classification, object detection, and instance segmentation tasks. All of them witness significant student network performance improvement. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jia-Research-Lab/ReviewKD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 52.Lidar Point Cloud Guided Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09035.pdf)
>  Monocular 3D object detection is drawing increasing attention from the community as it enables cars to perceive the world in 3D with a single camera. However, monocular 3D detection currently struggles with extremely lower detection rates compared to LiDAR-based methods, limiting its applications. The poor accuracy is mainly caused by the absence of accurate depth cues due to the ill-posed nature of monocular imagery. LiDAR point clouds, which provide accurate depth measurement, can offer beneficial information for the training of monocular methods. Prior works only use LiDAR point clouds to train a depth estimator. This implicit way does not fully utilize LiDAR point clouds, consequently leading to suboptimal performances. To effectively take advantage of LiDAR point clouds, in this paper we propose a general, simple yet effective framework for monocular methods. Specifically, we use LiDAR point clouds to directly guide the training of monocular 3D detectors, allowing them to learn desired objectives meanwhile eliminating the extra annotation cost. Thanks to the general design, our method can be plugged into any monocular 3D detection method, significantly boosting the performance. In conclusion, we take the first place on KITTI monocular 3D detection benchmark and increase the BEV/3D AP from 11.88/8.65 to 22.06/16.80 on the hard setting for the prior state-of-the-art method. The code will be made publicly available soon.      
### 53.Unsupervised Shape Completion via Deep Prior in the Neural Tangent Kernel Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09023.pdf)
>  We present a novel approach for completing and reconstructing 3D shapes from incomplete scanned data by using deep neural networks. Rather than being trained on supervised completion tasks and applied on a testing shape, the network is optimized from scratch on the single testing shape, to fully adapt to the shape and complete the missing data using contextual guidance from the known regions. The ability to complete missing data by an untrained neural network is usually referred to as the deep prior. In this paper, we interpret the deep prior from a neural tangent kernel (NTK) perspective and show that the completed shape patches by the trained CNN are naturally similar to existing patches, as they are proximate in the kernel feature space induced by NTK. The interpretation allows us to design more efficient network structures and learning mechanisms for the shape completion and reconstruction task. Being more aware of structural regularities than both traditional and other unsupervised learning-based reconstruction methods, our approach completes large missing regions with plausible shapes and complements supervised learning-based methods that use database priors by requiring no extra training data set and showing flexible adaptation to a particular shape instance.      
### 54.Writing in The Air: Unconstrained Text Recognition from Finger Movement Using Spatio-Temporal Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09021.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a new benchmark dataset for the challenging writing in the air (WiTA) task -- an elaborate task bridging vision and NLP. WiTA implements an intuitive and natural writing method with finger movement for human-computer interaction (HCI). Our WiTA dataset will facilitate the development of data-driven WiTA systems which thus far have displayed unsatisfactory performance -- due to lack of dataset as well as traditional statistical models they have adopted. Our dataset consists of five sub-datasets in two languages (Korean and English) and amounts to 209,926 video instances from 122 participants. We capture finger movement for WiTA with RGB cameras to ensure wide accessibility and cost-efficiency. Next, we propose spatio-temporal residual network architectures inspired by 3D ResNet. These models perform unconstrained text recognition from finger movement, guarantee a real-time operation by processing 435 and 697 decoding frames-per-second for Korean and English, respectively, and will serve as an evaluation standard. Our dataset and the source codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Uehwan/WiTA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 55.Kernel Agnostic Real-world Image Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09008.pdf)
>  Recently, deep neural network models have achieved impressive results in various research fields. Come with it, an increasing number of attentions have been attracted by deep super-resolution (SR) approaches. Many existing methods attempt to restore high-resolution images from directly down-sampled low-resolution images or with the assumption of Gaussian degradation kernels with additive noises for their simplicities. However, in real-world scenarios, highly complex kernels and non-additive noises may be involved, even though the distorted images are visually similar to the clear ones. Existing SR models are facing difficulties to deal with real-world images under such circumstances. In this paper, we introduce a new kernel agnostic SR framework to deal with real-world image SR problem. The framework can be hanged seamlessly to multiple mainstream models. In the proposed framework, the degradation kernels and noises are adaptively modeled rather than explicitly specified. Moreover, we also propose an iterative supervision process and frequency-attended objective from orthogonal perspectives to further boost the performance. The experiments validate the effectiveness of the proposed framework on multiple real-world datasets.      
### 56.Masked Face Recognition using ResNet-50  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08997.pdf)
>  Over the last twenty years, there have seen several outbreaks of different coronavirus diseases across the world. These outbreaks often led to respiratory tract diseases and have proved to be fatal sometimes. Currently, we are facing an elusive health crisis with the emergence of COVID-19 disease of the coronavirus family. One of the modes of transmission of COVID- 19 is airborne transmission. This transmission occurs as humans breathe in the droplets released by an infected person through breathing, speaking, singing, coughing, or sneezing. Hence, public health officials have mandated the use of face masks which can reduce disease transmission by 65%. For face recognition programs, commonly used for security verification purposes, the use of face mask presents an arduous challenge since these programs were typically trained with human faces devoid of masks but now due to the onset of Covid-19 pandemic, they are forced to identify faces with masks. Hence, this paper investigates the same problem by developing a deep learning based model capable of accurately identifying people with face-masks. In this paper, the authors train a ResNet-50 based architecture that performs well at recognizing masked faces. The outcome of this study could be seamlessly integrated into existing face recognition programs that are designed to detect faces for security verification purposes.      
### 57.Contrastive Learning Improves Model Robustness Under Label Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08984.pdf)
>  Deep neural network-based classifiers trained with the categorical cross-entropy (CCE) loss are sensitive to label noise in the training data. One common type of method that can mitigate the impact of label noise can be viewed as supervised robust methods; one can simply replace the CCE loss with a loss that is robust to label noise, or re-weight training samples and down-weight those with higher loss values. Recently, another type of method using semi-supervised learning (SSL) has been proposed, which augments these supervised robust methods to exploit (possibly) noisy samples more effectively. Although supervised robust methods perform well across different data types, they have been shown to be inferior to the SSL methods on image classification tasks under label noise. Therefore, it remains to be seen that whether these supervised robust methods can also perform well if they can utilize the unlabeled samples more effectively. In this paper, we show that by initializing supervised robust methods using representations learned through contrastive learning leads to significantly improved performance under label noise. Surprisingly, even the simplest method (training a classifier with the CCE loss) can outperform the state-of-the-art SSL method by more than 50\% under high label noise when initialized with contrastive learning. Our implementation will be publicly available at {\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/arghosh/noisy_label_pretrain" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 58.CNN AE: Convolution Neural Network combined with Autoencoder approach to detect survival chance of COVID 19 patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08954.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel method named CNN-AE to predict survival chance of COVID-19 patients using a CNN trained on clinical information. To further increase the prediction accuracy, we use the CNN in combination with an autoencoder. Our method is one of the first that aims to predict survival chance of already infected patients. We rely on clinical data to carry out the prediction. The motivation is that the required resources to prepare CT images are expensive and limited compared to the resources required to collect clinical data such as blood pressure, liver disease, etc. We evaluate our method on a publicly available clinical dataset of deceased and recovered patients which we have collected. Careful analysis of the dataset properties is also presented which consists of important features extraction and correlation computation between features. Since most of COVID-19 patients are usually recovered, the number of deceased samples of our dataset is low leading to data imbalance. To remedy this issue, a data augmentation procedure based on autoencoders is proposed. To demonstrate the generality of our augmentation method, we train random forest and Nave Bayes on our dataset with and without augmentation and compare their performance. We also evaluate our method on another dataset for further generality verification. Experimental results reveal the superiority of CNN-AE method compared to the standard CNN as well as other methods such as random forest and Nave Bayes. COVID-19 detection average accuracy of CNN-AE is 96.05% which is higher than CNN average accuracy of 92.49%. To show that clinical data can be used as a reliable dataset for COVID-19 survival chance prediction, CNN-AE is compared with a standard CNN which is trained on CT images.      
### 59.Data-Efficient Language-Supervised Zero-Shot Learning with Self-Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08945.pdf)
>  Traditional computer vision models are trained to predict a fixed set of predefined categories. Recently, natural language has been shown to be a broader and richer source of supervision that provides finer descriptions to visual concepts than supervised "gold" labels. Previous works, such as CLIP, use a simple pretraining task of predicting the pairings between images and text captions. CLIP, however, is data hungry and requires more than 400M image text pairs for training. We propose a data-efficient contrastive distillation method that uses soft labels to learn from noisy image-text pairs. Our model transfers knowledge from pretrained image and sentence encoders and achieves strong performance with only 3M image text pairs, 133x smaller than CLIP. Our method exceeds the previous SoTA of general zero-shot learning on ImageNet 21k+1k by 73% relatively with a ResNet50 image encoder and DeCLUTR text encoder. We also beat CLIP by 10.5% relatively on zero-shot evaluation on Google Open Images (19,958 classes).      
### 60.Motion Vector Extrapolation for Video Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08918.pdf)
>  Despite the continued successes of computationally efficient deep neural network architectures for video object detection, performance continually arrives at the great trilemma of speed versus accuracy versus computational resources (pick two). Current attempts to exploit temporal information in video data to overcome this trilemma are bottlenecked by the state-of-the-art in object detection models. We present, a technique which performs video object detection through the use of off-the-shelf object detectors alongside existing optical flow based motion estimation techniques in parallel. Through a set of experiments on the benchmark MOT20 dataset, we demonstrate that our approach significantly reduces the baseline latency of any given object detector without sacrificing any accuracy. Further latency reduction, up to 25x lower than the original latency, can be achieved with minimal accuracy loss. MOVEX enables low latency video object detection on common CPU based systems, thus allowing for high performance video object detection beyond the domain of GPU computing. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/juliantrue/movex" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 61.Towards Open-World Text-Guided Face Image Generation and Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08910.pdf)
>  The existing text-guided image synthesis methods can only produce limited quality results with at most \mbox{$\text{256}^2$} resolution and the textual instructions are constrained in a small Corpus. In this work, we propose a unified framework for both face image generation and manipulation that produces diverse and high-quality images with an unprecedented resolution at 1024 from multimodal inputs. More importantly, our method supports open-world scenarios, including both image and text, without any re-training, fine-tuning, or post-processing. To be specific, we propose a brand new paradigm of text-guided image generation and manipulation based on the superior characteristics of a pretrained GAN model. Our proposed paradigm includes two novel strategies. The first strategy is to train a text encoder to obtain latent codes that align with the hierarchically semantic of the aforementioned pretrained GAN model. The second strategy is to directly optimize the latent codes in the latent space of the pretrained GAN model with guidance from a pretrained language model. The latent codes can be randomly sampled from a prior distribution or inverted from a given image, which provides inherent supports for both image generation and manipulation from multi-modal inputs, such as sketches or semantic labels, with textual guidance. To facilitate text-guided multi-modal synthesis, we propose the Multi-Modal CelebA-HQ, a large-scale dataset consisting of real face images and corresponding semantic segmentation map, sketch, and textual descriptions. Extensive experiments on the introduced dataset demonstrate the superior performance of our proposed method. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/weihaox/TediGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 62.Texture Based Classification of High Resolution Remotely Sensed Imagery using Weber Local Descriptor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08899.pdf)
>  Traditional image classification techniques often produce unsatisfactory results when applied to high spatial resolution data because classes in high resolution images are not spectrally homogeneous. Texture offers an alternative source of information for classifying these images. This paper evaluates a recently developed, computationally simple texture metric called Weber Local Descriptor (WLD) for use in classifying high resolution QuickBird panchromatic data. We compared WLD with state-of-the art texture descriptors (TD) including Local Binary Pattern (LBP) and its rotation-invariant version LBPRIU. We also investigated whether incorporating VAR, a TD that captures brightness variation, would improve the accuracy of LBPRIU and WLD. We found that WLD generally produces more accurate classification results than the other TD we examined, and is also more robust to varying parameters. We have implemented an optimised algorithm for calculating WLD which makes the technique practical in terms of computation time. Overall, our results indicate that WLD is a promising approach for classifying high resolution remote sensing data.      
### 63.The Intrinsic Dimension of Images and Its Impact on Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08894.pdf)
>  It is widely believed that natural image data exhibits low-dimensional structure despite the high dimensionality of conventional pixel representations. This idea underlies a common intuition for the remarkable success of deep learning in computer vision. In this work, we apply dimension estimation tools to popular datasets and investigate the role of low-dimensional structure in deep learning. We find that common natural image datasets indeed have very low intrinsic dimension relative to the high number of pixels in the images. Additionally, we find that low dimensional datasets are easier for neural networks to learn, and models solving these tasks generalize better from training to test data. Along the way, we develop a technique for validating our dimension estimation tools on synthetic data generated by GANs allowing us to actively manipulate the intrinsic dimension by controlling the image generation process. Code for our experiments may be found here <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ppope/dimensions" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 64.Convolutional Neural Networks in Orthodontics: a review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08886.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are used in many areas of computer vision, such as object tracking and recognition, security, military, and biomedical image analysis. This review presents the application of convolutional neural networks in one of the fields of dentistry - orthodontics. Advances in medical imaging technologies and methods allow CNNs to be used in orthodontics to shorten the planning time of orthodontic treatment, including an automatic search of landmarks on cephalometric X-ray images, tooth segmentation on Cone-Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT) images or digital models, and classification of defects on X-Ray panoramic images. In this work, we describe the current methods, the architectures of deep convolutional neural networks used, and their implementations, together with a comparison of the results achieved by them. The promising results and visualizations of the described studies show that the use of methods based on convolutional neural networks allows for the improvement of computer-based orthodontic treatment planning, both by reducing the examination time and, in many cases, by performing the analysis much more accurately than a manual orthodontist does.      
### 65.A survey of image labelling for computer vision applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08885.pdf)
>  Supervised machine learning methods for image analysis require large amounts of labelled training data to solve computer vision problems. The recent rise of deep learning algorithms for recognising image content has led to the emergence of many ad-hoc labelling tools. With this survey, we capture and systematise the commonalities as well as the distinctions between existing image labelling software. We perform a structured literature review to compile the underlying concepts and features of image labelling software such as annotation expressiveness and degree of automation. We structure the manual labelling task by its organisation of work, user interface design options, and user support techniques to derive a systematisation schema for this survey. Applying it to available software and the body of literature, enabled us to uncover several application archetypes and key domains such as image retrieval or instance identification in healthcare or television.      
### 66.CLIP4Clip: An Empirical Study of CLIP for End to End Video Clip Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08860.pdf)
>  Video-text retrieval plays an essential role in multi-modal research and has been widely used in many real-world web applications. The CLIP (Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training), an image-language pre-training model, has demonstrated the power of visual concepts learning from web collected image-text datasets. In this paper, we propose a CLIP4Clip model to transfer the knowledge of the CLIP model to video-language retrieval in an end-to-end manner. Several questions are investigated via empirical studies: 1) Whether image feature is enough for video-text retrieval? 2) How a post-pretraining on a large-scale video-text dataset based on the CLIP affect the performance? 3) What is the practical mechanism to model temporal dependency between video frames? And 4) The Hyper-parameters sensitivity of the model on video-text retrieval task. Extensive experimental results present that the CLIP4Clip model transferred from the CLIP can achieve SOTA results on various video-text retrieval datasets, including MSR-VTT, MSVC, and LSMDC.      
### 67.Filtering Empty Camera Trap Images in Embedded Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08859.pdf)
>  Monitoring wildlife through camera traps produces a massive amount of images, whose a significant portion does not contain animals, being later discarded. Embedding deep learning models to identify animals and filter these images directly in those devices brings advantages such as savings in the storage and transmission of data, usually resource-constrained in this type of equipment. In this work, we present a comparative study on animal recognition models to analyze the trade-off between precision and inference latency on edge devices. To accomplish this objective, we investigate classifiers and object detectors of various input resolutions and optimize them using quantization and reducing the number of model filters. The confidence threshold of each model was adjusted to obtain 96% recall for the nonempty class, since instances from the empty class are expected to be discarded. The experiments show that, when using the same set of images for training, detectors achieve superior performance, eliminating at least 10% more empty images than classifiers with comparable latencies. Considering the high cost of generating labels for the detection problem, when there is a massive number of images labeled for classification (about one million instances, ten times more than those available for detection), classifiers are able to reach results comparable to detectors but with half latency.      
### 68.An Improved Discriminative Optimization for 3D Rigid Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08854.pdf)
>  The Discriminative Optimization (DO) algorithm has been proved much successful in 3D point cloud registration. In the original DO, the feature (descriptor) of two point cloud was defined as a histogram, and the element of histogram indicates the weights of scene points in "front" or "back" side of a model point. In this paper, we extended the histogram which indicate the sides from "front-back" to "front-back", "up-down", and "clockwise-anticlockwise". In addition, we reweighted the extended histogram according to the model points' distribution. We evaluated the proposed Improved DO on the Stanford Bunny and Oxford SensatUrban dataset, and compared it with six classical State-Of-The-Art point cloud registration algorithms. The experimental result demonstrates our algorithm achieves comparable performance in point registration accuracy and root-mean-sqart-error.      
### 69.Let's See Clearly: Contaminant Artifact Removal for Moving Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08852.pdf)
>  Contaminants such as dust, dirt and moisture adhering to the camera lens can greatly affect the quality and clarity of the resulting image or video. In this paper, we propose a video restoration method to automatically remove these contaminants and produce a clean video. Our approach first seeks to detect attention maps that indicate the regions that need to be restored. In order to leverage the corresponding clean pixels from adjacent frames, we propose a flow completion module to hallucinate the flow of the background scene to the attention regions degraded by the contaminants. Guided by the attention maps and completed flows, we propose a recurrent technique to restore the input frame by fetching clean pixels from adjacent frames. Finally, a multi-frame processing stage is used to further process the entire video sequence in order to enforce temporal consistency. The entire network is trained on a synthetic dataset that approximates the physical lighting properties of contaminant artifacts. This new dataset and our novel framework lead to our method that is able to address different contaminants and outperforms competitive restoration approaches both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 70.On Training Sketch Recognizers for New Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08850.pdf)
>  Sketch recognition algorithms are engineered and evaluated using publicly available datasets contributed by the sketch recognition community over the years. While existing datasets contain sketches of a limited set of generic objects, each new domain inevitably requires collecting new data for training domain specific recognizers. This gives rise to two fundamental concerns: First, will the data collection protocol yield ecologically valid data? Second, will the amount of collected data suffice to train sufficiently accurate classifiers? In this paper, we draw attention to these two concerns. We show that the ecological validity of the data collection protocol and the ability to accommodate small datasets are significant factors impacting recognizer accuracy in realistic scenarios. More specifically, using sketch-based gaming as a use case, we show that deep learning methods, as well as more traditional methods, suffer significantly from dataset shift. Furthermore, we demonstrate that in realistic scenarios where data is scarce and expensive, standard measures taken for adapting deep learners to small datasets fall short of comparing favorably with alternatives. Although transfer learning, and extensive data augmentation help deep learners, they still perform significantly worse compared to standard setups (e.g., SVMs and GBMs with standard feature representations). We pose learning from small datasets as a key problem for the deep sketch recognition field, one which has been ignored in the bulk of the existing literature.      
### 71.Lesion-Inspired Denoising Network: Connecting Medical Image Denoising and Lesion Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08845.pdf)
>  Deep learning has achieved notable performance in the denoising task of low-quality medical images and the detection task of lesions, respectively. However, existing low-quality medical image denoising approaches are disconnected from the detection task of lesions. Intuitively, the quality of denoised images will influence the lesion detection accuracy that in turn can be used to affect the denoising performance. To this end, we propose a play-and-plug medical image denoising framework, namely Lesion-Inspired Denoising Network (LIDnet), to collaboratively improve both denoising performance and detection accuracy of denoised medical images. Specifically, we propose to insert the feedback of downstream detection task into existing denoising framework by jointly learning a multi-loss objective. Instead of using perceptual loss calculated on the entire feature map, a novel region-of-interest (ROI) perceptual loss induced by the lesion detection task is proposed to further connect these two tasks. To achieve better optimization for overall framework, we propose a customized collaborative training strategy for LIDnet. On consideration of clinical usability and imaging characteristics, three low-dose CT images datasets are used to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed LIDnet. Experiments show that, by equipping with LIDnet, both of the denoising and lesion detection performance of baseline methods can be significantly improved.      
### 72.Multi-scale Self-calibrated Network for Image Light Source Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08838.pdf)
>  Image light source transfer (LLST), as the most challenging task in the domain of image relighting, has attracted extensive attention in recent years. In the latest research, LLST is decomposed three sub-tasks: scene reconversion, shadow estimation, and image re-rendering, which provides a new paradigm for image relighting. However, many problems for scene reconversion and shadow estimation tasks, including uncalibrated feature information and poor semantic information, are still unresolved, thereby resulting in insufficient feature representation. In this paper, we propose novel down-sampling feature self-calibrated block (DFSB) and up-sampling feature self-calibrated block (UFSB) as the basic blocks of feature encoder and decoder to calibrate feature representation iteratively because the LLST is similar to the recalibration of image light source. In addition, we fuse the multi-scale features of the decoder in scene reconversion task to further explore and exploit more semantic information, thereby providing more accurate primary scene structure for image re-rendering. Experimental results in the VIDIT dataset show that the proposed approach significantly improves the performance for LLST.      
### 73.MonoGRNet: A General Framework for Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08797.pdf)
>  Detecting and localizing objects in the real 3D space, which plays a crucial role in scene understanding, is particularly challenging given only a monocular image due to the geometric information loss during imagery projection. We propose MonoGRNet for the amodal 3D object detection from a monocular image via geometric reasoning in both the observed 2D projection and the unobserved depth dimension. MonoGRNet decomposes the monocular 3D object detection task into four sub-tasks including 2D object detection, instance-level depth estimation, projected 3D center estimation and local corner regression. The task decomposition significantly facilitates the monocular 3D object detection, allowing the target 3D bounding boxes to be efficiently predicted in a single forward pass, without using object proposals, post-processing or the computationally expensive pixel-level depth estimation utilized by previous methods. In addition, MonoGRNet flexibly adapts to both fully and weakly supervised learning, which improves the feasibility of our framework in diverse settings. Experiments are conducted on KITTI, Cityscapes and MS COCO datasets. Results demonstrate the promising performance of our framework in various scenarios.      
### 74.An Uncertainty-aware Hierarchical Probabilistic Network for Early Prediction, Quantification and Segmentation of Pulmonary Tumour Growth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08789.pdf)
>  Early detection and quantification of tumour growth would help clinicians to prescribe more accurate treatments and provide better surgical planning. However, the multifactorial and heterogeneous nature of lung tumour progression hampers identification of growth patterns. In this study, we present a novel method based on a deep hierarchical generative and probabilistic framework that, according to radiological guidelines, predicts tumour growth, quantifies its size and provides a semantic appearance of the future nodule. Unlike previous deterministic solutions, the generative characteristic of our approach also allows us to estimate the uncertainty in the predictions, especially important for complex and doubtful cases. Results of evaluating this method on an independent test set reported a tumour growth balanced accuracy of 74%, a tumour growth size MAE of 1.77 mm and a tumour segmentation Dice score of 78%. These surpassed the performances of equivalent deterministic and alternative generative solutions (i.e. probabilistic U-Net, Bayesian test dropout and Pix2Pix GAN) confirming the suitability of our approach.      
### 75.Gaussian Dynamic Convolution for Efficient Single-Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08783.pdf)
>  Interactive single-image segmentation is ubiquitous in the scientific and commercial imaging software. In this work, we focus on the single-image segmentation problem only with some seeds such as scribbles. Inspired by the dynamic receptive field in the human being's visual system, we propose the Gaussian dynamic convolution (GDC) to fast and efficiently aggregate the contextual information for neural networks. The core idea is randomly selecting the spatial sampling area according to the Gaussian distribution offsets. Our GDC can be easily used as a module to build lightweight or complex segmentation networks. We adopt the proposed GDC to address the typical single-image segmentation tasks. Furthermore, we also build a Gaussian dynamic pyramid Pooling to show its potential and generality in common semantic segmentation. Experiments demonstrate that the GDC outperforms other existing convolutions on three benchmark segmentation datasets including Pascal-Context, Pascal-VOC 2012, and Cityscapes. Additional experiments are also conducted to illustrate that the GDC can produce richer and more vivid features compared with other convolutions. In general, our GDC is conducive to the convolutional neural networks to form an overall impression of the image.      
### 76.Line Segmentation from Unconstrained Handwritten Text Images using Adaptive Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08777.pdf)
>  Line segmentation from handwritten text images is one of the challenging task due to diversity and unknown variations as undefined spaces, styles, orientations, stroke heights, overlapping, and alignments. Though abundant researches, there is a need of improvement to achieve robustness and higher segmentation rates. In the present work, an adaptive approach is used for the line segmentation from handwritten text images merging the alignment of connected component coordinates and text height. The mathematical justification is provided for measuring the text height respective to the image size. The novelty of the work lies in the text height calculation dynamically. The experiments are tested on the dataset provided by the Chinese company for the project. The proposed scheme is tested on two different type of datasets; document pages having base lines and plain pages. Dataset is highly complex and consists of abundant and uncommon variations in handwriting patterns. The performance of the proposed method is tested on our datasets as well as benchmark datasets, namely IAM and ICDAR09 to achieve 98.01% detection rate on average. The performance is examined on the above said datasets to observe 91.99% and 96% detection rates, respectively.      
### 77.Solving Inefficiency of Self-supervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08760.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning has attracted great interest due to its tremendous potentials in learning discriminative representations in an unsupervised manner. Along this direction, contrastive learning achieves current state-of-the-art performance. Despite the acknowledged successes, existing contrastive learning methods suffer from very low learning efficiency, e.g., taking about ten times more training epochs than supervised learning for comparable recognition accuracy. In this paper, we discover two contradictory phenomena in contrastive learning that we call under-clustering and over-clustering problems, which are major obstacles to learning efficiency. Under-clustering means that the model cannot efficiently learn to discover the dissimilarity between inter-class samples when the negative sample pairs for contrastive learning are insufficient to differentiate all the actual object categories. Over-clustering implies that the model cannot efficiently learn the feature representation from excessive negative sample pairs, which include many outliers and thus enforce the model to over-cluster samples of the same actual categories into different clusters. To simultaneously overcome these two problems, we propose a novel self-supervised learning framework using a median triplet loss. Precisely, we employ a triplet loss tending to maximize the relative distance between the positive pair and negative pairs to address the under-clustering problem; and we construct the negative pair by selecting the negative sample of a median similarity score from all negative samples to avoid the over-clustering problem, guaranteed by the Bernoulli Distribution model. We extensively evaluate our proposed framework in several large-scale benchmarks (e.g., ImageNet, SYSU-30k, and COCO). The results demonstrate the superior performance of our model over the latest state-of-the-art methods by a clear margin.      
### 78.Continuity-Discrimination Convolutional Neural Network for Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08739.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel model, named Continuity-Discrimination Convolutional Neural Network (CD-CNN), for visual object tracking. Existing state-of-the-art tracking methods do not deal with temporal relationship in video sequences, which leads to imperfect feature representations. To address this problem, CD-CNN models temporal appearance continuity based on the idea of temporal slowness. Mathematically, we prove that, by introducing temporal appearance continuity into tracking, the upper bound of target appearance representation error can be sufficiently small with high probability. Further, in order to alleviate inaccurate target localization and drifting, we propose a novel notion, object-centroid, to characterize not only objectness but also the relative position of the target within a given patch. Both temporal appearance continuity and object-centroid are jointly learned during offline training and then transferred for online tracking. We evaluate our tracker through extensive experiments on two challenging benchmarks and show its competitive tracking performance compared with state-of-the-art trackers.      
### 79.Application of Computer Vision and Machine Learning for Digitized Herbarium Specimens: A Systematic Literature Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08732.pdf)
>  Herbarium contains treasures of millions of specimens which have been preserved for several years for scientific studies. To speed up more scientific discoveries, a digitization of these specimens is currently on going to facilitate easy access and sharing of its data to a wider scientific community. Online digital repositories such as IDigBio and GBIF have already accumulated millions of specimen images yet to be explored. This presents a perfect time to automate and speed up more novel discoveries using machine learning and computer vision. In this study, a thorough analysis and comparison of more than 50 peer-reviewed studies which focus on application of computer vision and machine learning techniques to digitized herbarium specimen have been examined. The study categorizes different techniques and applications which have been commonly used and it also highlights existing challenges together with their possible solutions. It is our hope that the outcome of this study will serve as a strong foundation for beginners of the relevant field and will also shed more light for both computer science and ecology experts.      
### 80.CLIPScore: A Reference-free Evaluation Metric for Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08718.pdf)
>  Image captioning has conventionally relied on reference-based automatic evaluations, where machine captions are compared against captions written by humans. This is in stark contrast to the reference-free manner in which humans assess caption quality. <br>In this paper, we report the surprising empirical finding that CLIP (Radford et al., 2021), a cross-modal model pretrained on 400M image+caption pairs from the web, can be used for robust automatic evaluation of image captioning without the need for references. Experiments spanning several corpora demonstrate that our new reference-free metric, CLIPScore, achieves the highest correlation with human judgements, outperforming existing reference-based metrics like CIDEr and SPICE. Information gain experiments demonstrate that CLIPScore, with its tight focus on image-text compatibility, is complementary to existing reference-based metrics that emphasize text-text similarities. Thus, we also present a reference-augmented version, RefCLIPScore, which achieves even higher correlation. Beyond literal description tasks, several case studies reveal domains where CLIPScore performs well (clip-art images, alt-text rating), but also where it is relatively weaker vs reference-based metrics, e.g., news captions that require richer contextual knowledge.      
### 81.The hidden label-marginal biases of segmentation losses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08717.pdf)
>  Most segmentation losses are arguably variants of the Cross-Entropy (CE) or Dice loss. In the literature, there is no clear consensus as to which of these losses is a better choice, with varying performances for each across different benchmarks and applications. We develop a theoretical analysis that links these two types of losses, exposing their advantages and weaknesses. First, we explicitly demonstrate that CE and Dice share a much deeper connection than previously thought: CE is an upper bound on both logarithmic and linear Dice losses. Furthermore, we provide an information-theoretic analysis, which highlights hidden label-marginal biases : Dice has an intrinsic bias towards imbalanced solutions, whereas CE implicitly encourages the ground-truth region proportions. Our theoretical results explain the wide experimental evidence in the medical-imaging literature, whereby Dice losses bring improvements for imbalanced segmentation. It also explains why CE dominates natural-image problems with diverse class proportions, in which case Dice might have difficulty adapting to different label-marginal distributions. Based on our theoretical analysis, we propose a principled and simple solution, which enables to control explicitly the label-marginal bias. Our loss integrates CE with explicit ${\cal L}_1$ regularization, which encourages label marginals to match target class proportions, thereby mitigating class imbalance but without losing generality. Comprehensive experiments and ablation studies over different losses and applications validate our theoretical analysis, as well as the effectiveness of our explicit label-marginal regularizers.      
### 82.Reconsidering CO2 emissions from Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08702.pdf)
>  Climate change is a pressing issue that is currently affecting and will affect every part of our lives. It's becoming incredibly vital we, as a society, address the climate crisis as a universal effort, including those in the Computer Vision (CV) community. In this work, we analyze the total cost of CO2 emissions by breaking it into (1) the architecture creation cost and (2) the life-time evaluation cost. We show that over time, these costs are non-negligible and are having a direct impact on our future. Importantly, we conduct an ethical analysis of how the CV-community is unintentionally overlooking its own ethical AI principles by emitting this level of CO2. To address these concerns, we propose adding "enforcement" as a pillar of ethical AI and provide some recommendations for how architecture designers and broader CV community can curb the climate crisis.      
### 83.Lottery Jackpots Exist in Pre-trained Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08700.pdf)
>  Network pruning is an effective approach to reduce network complexity without performance compromise. Existing studies achieve the sparsity of neural networks via time-consuming weight tuning or complex search on networks with expanded width, which greatly limits the applications of network pruning. In this paper, we show that high-performing and sparse sub-networks without the involvement of weight tuning, termed "lottery jackpots", exist in pre-trained models with unexpanded width. For example, we obtain a lottery jackpot that has only 10% parameters and still reaches the performance of the original dense VGGNet-19 without any modifications on the pre-trained weights. Furthermore, we observe that the sparse masks derived from many existing pruning criteria have a high overlap with the searched mask of our lottery jackpot, among which, the magnitude-based pruning results in the most similar mask with ours. Based on this insight, we initialize our sparse mask using the magnitude pruning, resulting in at least 3x cost reduction on the lottery jackpot search while achieves comparable or even better performance. Specifically, our magnitude-based lottery jackpot removes 90% weights in the ResNet-50, while easily obtains more than 70% top-1 accuracy using only 10 searching epochs on ImageNet.      
### 84.OSKDet: Towards Orientation-sensitive Keypoint Localization for Rotated Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08697.pdf)
>  Rotated object detection is a challenging issue of computer vision field. Loss of spatial information and confusion of parametric order have been the bottleneck for rotated detection accuracy. In this paper, we propose an orientation-sensitive keypoint based rotated detector OSKDet. We adopt a set of keypoints to characterize the target and predict the keypoint heatmap on ROI to form a rotated target. By proposing the orientation-sensitive heatmap, OSKDet could learn the shape and direction of rotated target implicitly and has stronger modeling capabilities for target representation, which improves the localization accuracy and acquires high quality detection results. To extract highly effective features at border areas, we design a rotation-aware deformable convolution module. Furthermore, we explore a new keypoint reorder algorithm and feature fusion module based on the angle distribution to eliminate the confusion of keypoint order. Experimental results on several public benchmarks show the state-of-the-art performance of OSKDet. Specifically, we achieve an AP of 77.81% on DOTA, 89.91% on HRSC2016, and 97.18% on UCAS-AOD, respectively.      
### 85.RPCL: A Framework for Improving Cross-Domain Detection with Auxiliary Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08689.pdf)
>  Cross-Domain Detection (XDD) aims to train an object detector using labeled image from a source domain but have good performance in the target domain with only unlabeled images. Existing approaches achieve this either by aligning the feature maps or the region proposals from the two domains, or by transferring the style of source images to that of target image. Contrasted with prior work, this paper provides a complementary solution to align domains by learning the same auxiliary tasks in both domains simultaneously. These auxiliary tasks push image from both domains towards shared spaces, which bridges the domain gap. Specifically, this paper proposes Rotation Prediction and Consistency Learning (PRCL), a framework complementing existing XDD methods for domain alignment by leveraging the two auxiliary tasks. The first one encourages the model to extract region proposals from foreground regions by rotating an image and predicting the rotation angle from the extracted region proposals. The second task encourages the model to be robust to changes in the image space by optimizing the model to make consistent class predictions for region proposals regardless of image perturbations. Experiments show the detection performance can be consistently and significantly enhanced by applying the two proposed tasks to existing XDD methods.      
### 86.Harvesting data revolution for transmission electron microscopy (TEM) using signal processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08688.pdf)
>  TEM (Transmission Electron Microscopy) is a powerful tool for imaging material structure and characterizing material chemistry. Recent advances in data collection technology for TEM have enabled high-volume and high-resolution data collection at a microsecond frame rate. This challenge requires the development of new data processing tools, including image analysis, feature extraction, and streaming data processing techniques. In this paper, we highlight a few areas that have benefited from combining signal processing and statistical analysis with data collection capabilities in TEM and present a future outlook in opportunities of integrating signal processing with automated TEM data analysis.      
### 87.Self-Supervised Pillar Motion Learning for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08683.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving can benefit from motion behavior comprehension when interacting with diverse traffic participants in highly dynamic environments. Recently, there has been a growing interest in estimating class-agnostic motion directly from point clouds. Current motion estimation methods usually require vast amount of annotated training data from self-driving scenes. However, manually labeling point clouds is notoriously difficult, error-prone and time-consuming. In this paper, we seek to answer the research question of whether the abundant unlabeled data collections can be utilized for accurate and efficient motion learning. To this end, we propose a learning framework that leverages free supervisory signals from point clouds and paired camera images to estimate motion purely via self-supervision. Our model involves a point cloud based structural consistency augmented with probabilistic motion masking as well as a cross-sensor motion regularization to realize the desired self-supervision. Experiments reveal that our approach performs competitively to supervised methods, and achieves the state-of-the-art result when combining our self-supervised model with supervised fine-tuning.      
### 88.Higher Order Recurrent Space-Time Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08665.pdf)
>  Endowing visual agents with predictive capability is a key step towards video intelligence at scale. The predominant modeling paradigm for this is sequence learning, mostly implemented through LSTMs. Feed-forward Transformer architectures have replaced recurrent model designs in ML applications of language processing and also partly in computer vision. In this paper we investigate on the competitiveness of Transformer-style architectures for video predictive tasks. To do so we propose HORST, a novel higher order recurrent layer design whose core element is a spatial-temporal decomposition of self-attention for video. HORST achieves state of the art competitive performance on Something-Something-V2 early action recognition and EPIC-Kitchens-55 action anticipation, without exploiting a task specific design. We believe this is promising evidence of causal predictive capability that we attribute to our recurrent higher order design of self-attention.      
### 89.IUPUI Driving Videos and Images in All Weather and Illumination Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08657.pdf)
>  This document describes an image and video dataset of driving views captured in all weather and illumination conditions. The data set has been submitted to CDVL.      
### 90.Automated Mathematical Equation Structure Discovery for Visual Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08633.pdf)
>  Finding the best mathematical equation to deal with the different challenges found in complex scenarios requires a thorough understanding of the scenario and a trial and error process carried out by experts. In recent years, most state-of-the-art equation discovery methods have been widely applied in modeling and identification systems. However, equation discovery approaches can be very useful in computer vision, particularly in the field of feature extraction. In this paper, we focus on recent AI advances to present a novel framework for automatically discovering equations from scratch with little human intervention to deal with the different challenges encountered in real-world scenarios. In addition, our proposal can reduce human bias by proposing a search space design through generative network instead of hand-designed. As a proof of concept, the equations discovered by our framework are used to distinguish moving objects from the background in video sequences. Experimental results show the potential of the proposed approach and its effectiveness in discovering the best equation in video sequences. The code and data are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/carolinepacheco/equation-discovery-scene-analysis" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 91.Learning Fuzzy Clustering for SPECT/CT Segmentation via Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08623.pdf)
>  Quantitative bone single-photon emission computed tomography (QBSPECT) has the potential to provide a better quantitative assessment of bone metastasis than planar bone scintigraphy due to its ability to better quantify activity in overlapping structures. An important element of assessing response of bone metastasis is accurate image segmentation. However, limited by the properties of QBSPECT images, the segmentation of anatomical regions-of-interests (ROIs) still relies heavily on the manual delineation by experts. This work proposes a fast and robust automated segmentation method for partitioning a QBSPECT image into lesion, bone, and background. We present a new unsupervised segmentation loss function and its semi- and supervised variants for training a convolutional neural network (ConvNet). The loss functions were developed based on the objective function of the classical Fuzzy C-means (FCM) algorithm. We conducted a comprehensive study to compare our proposed methods with ConvNets trained using supervised loss functions and conventional clustering methods. The Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) and several other metrics were used as figures of merit as applied to the task of delineating lesion and bone in both simulated and clinical SPECT/CT images. We experimentally demonstrated that the proposed methods yielded good segmentation results on a clinical dataset even though the training was done using realistic simulated images. A ConvNet-based image segmentation method that uses novel loss functions was developed and evaluated. The method can operate in unsupervised, semi-supervised, or fully-supervised modes depending on the availability of annotated training data. The results demonstrated that the proposed method provides fast and robust lesion and bone segmentation for QBSPECT/CT. The method can potentially be applied to other medical image segmentation applications.      
### 92.Age Range Estimation using MTCNN and VGG-Face Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08585.pdf)
>  The Convolutional Neural Network has amazed us with its usage on several applications. Age range estimation using CNN is emerging due to its application in myriad of areas which makes it a state-of-the-art area for research and improve the estimation accuracy. A deep CNN model is used for identification of people's age range in our proposed work. At first, we extracted only face images from image dataset using MTCNN to remove unnecessary features other than face from the image. Secondly, we used random crop technique for data augmentation to improve the model performance. We have used the concept of transfer learning in our research. A pretrained face recognition model i.e VGG-Face is used to build our model for identification of age range whose performance is evaluated on Adience Benchmark for confirming the efficacy of our work. The performance in test set outperformed existing state-of-the-art by substantial margins.      
### 93.Color Variants Identification via Contrastive Self-Supervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08581.pdf)
>  In this paper, we utilize deep visual Representation Learning to address the problem of identification of color variants. In particular, we address color variants identification in fashion products, which refers to the problem of identifying fashion products that match exactly in their design (or style), but only to differ in their color. Firstly, we solve this problem by obtaining manual annotations depicting whether two products are color variants. Having obtained such annotations, we train a triplet loss based neural network model to learn deep representations of fashion products. However, for large scale real-world industrial datasets such as addressed in our paper, it is infeasible to obtain annotations for the entire dataset. Hence, we rather explore the use of self-supervised learning to obtain the representations. We observed that existing state-of-the-art self-supervised methods do not perform competitive against the supervised version of our color variants model. To address this, we additionally propose a novel contrastive loss based self-supervised color variants model. Intuitively, our model focuses on different parts of an object in a fixed manner, rather than focusing on random crops typically used for data augmentation in existing methods. We evaluate our method both quantitatively and qualitatively to show that it outperforms existing self-supervised methods, and at times, the supervised model as well.      
### 94.VSpSR: Explorable Super-Resolution via Variational Sparse Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08575.pdf)
>  Super-resolution (SR) is an ill-posed problem, which means that infinitely many high-resolution (HR) images can be degraded to the same low-resolution (LR) image. To study the one-to-many stochastic SR mapping, we implicitly represent the non-local self-similarity of natural images and develop a Variational Sparse framework for Super-Resolution (VSpSR) via neural networks. Since every small patch of a HR image can be well approximated by the sparse representation of atoms in an over-complete dictionary, we design a two-branch module, i.e., VSpM, to explore the SR space. Concretely, one branch of VSpM extracts patch-level basis from the LR input, and the other branch infers pixel-wise variational distributions with respect to the sparse coefficients. By repeatedly sampling coefficients, we could obtain infinite sparse representations, and thus generate diverse HR images. According to the preliminary results of NTIRE 2021 challenge on learning SR space, our team (FudanZmic21) ranks 7-th in terms of released scores. The implementation of VSpSR is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zmiclab.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 95.RefineMask: Towards High-Quality Instance Segmentation with Fine-Grained Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08569.pdf)
>  The two-stage methods for instance segmentation, e.g. Mask R-CNN, have achieved excellent performance recently. However, the segmented masks are still very coarse due to the downsampling operations in both the feature pyramid and the instance-wise pooling process, especially for large objects. In this work, we propose a new method called RefineMask for high-quality instance segmentation of objects and scenes, which incorporates fine-grained features during the instance-wise segmenting process in a multi-stage manner. Through fusing more detailed information stage by stage, RefineMask is able to refine high-quality masks consistently. RefineMask succeeds in segmenting hard cases such as bent parts of objects that are over-smoothed by most previous methods and outputs accurate boundaries. Without bells and whistles, RefineMask yields significant gains of 2.6, 3.4, 3.8 AP over Mask R-CNN on COCO, LVIS, and Cityscapes benchmarks respectively at a small amount of additional computational cost. Furthermore, our single-model result outperforms the winner of the LVIS Challenge 2020 by 1.3 points on the LVIS test-dev set and establishes a new state-of-the-art. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhanggang001/RefineMask" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 96.Wide-Baseline Multi-Camera Calibration using Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08568.pdf)
>  We address the problem of estimating the 3D pose of a network of cameras for large-environment wide-baseline scenarios, e.g., cameras for construction sites, sports stadiums, and public spaces. This task is challenging since detecting and matching the same 3D keypoint observed from two very different camera views is difficult, making standard structure-from-motion (SfM) pipelines inapplicable. In such circumstances, treating people in the scene as "keypoints" and associating them across different camera views can be an alternative method for obtaining correspondences. Based on this intuition, we propose a method that uses ideas from person re-identification (re-ID) for wide-baseline camera calibration. Our method first employs a re-ID method to associate human bounding boxes across cameras, then converts bounding box correspondences to point correspondences, and finally solves for camera pose using multi-view geometry and bundle adjustment. Since our method does not require specialized calibration targets except for visible people, it applies to situations where frequent calibration updates are required. We perform extensive experiments on datasets captured from scenes of different sizes, camera settings (indoor and outdoor), and human activities (walking, playing basketball, construction). Experiment results show that our method achieves similar performance to standard SfM methods relying on manually labeled point correspondences.      
### 97.Objective-Dependent Uncertainty Driven Retinal Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08554.pdf)
>  From diagnosing neovascular diseases to detecting white matter lesions, accurate tiny vessel segmentation in fundus images is critical. Promising results for accurate vessel segmentation have been known. However, their effectiveness in segmenting tiny vessels is still limited. In this paper, we study retinal vessel segmentation by incorporating tiny vessel segmentation into our framework for the overall accurate vessel segmentation. To achieve this, we propose a new deep convolutional neural network (CNN) which divides vessel segmentation into two separate objectives. Specifically, we consider the overall accurate vessel segmentation and tiny vessel segmentation as two individual objectives. Then, by exploiting the objective-dependent (homoscedastic) uncertainty, we enable the network to learn both objectives simultaneously. Further, to improve the individual objectives, we propose: (a) a vessel weight map based auxiliary loss for enhancing tiny vessel connectivity (i.e., improving tiny vessel segmentation), and (b) an enhanced encoder-decoder architecture for improved localization (i.e., for accurate vessel segmentation). Using 3 public retinal vessel segmentation datasets (CHASE_DB1, DRIVE, and STARE), we verify the superiority of our proposed framework in segmenting tiny vessels (8.3% average improvement in sensitivity) while achieving better area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) compared to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 98.TransVG: End-to-End Visual Grounding with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08541.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a neat yet effective transformer-based framework for visual grounding, namely TransVG, to address the task of grounding a language query to the corresponding region onto an image. The state-of-the-art methods, including two-stage or one-stage ones, rely on a complex module with manually-designed mechanisms to perform the query reasoning and multi-modal fusion. However, the involvement of certain mechanisms in fusion module design, such as query decomposition and image scene graph, makes the models easily overfit to datasets with specific scenarios, and limits the plenitudinous interaction between the visual-linguistic context. To avoid this caveat, we propose to establish the multi-modal correspondence by leveraging transformers, and empirically show that the complex fusion modules (e.g., modular attention network, dynamic graph, and multi-modal tree) can be replaced by a simple stack of transformer encoder layers with higher performance. Moreover, we re-formulate the visual grounding as a direct coordinates regression problem and avoid making predictions out of a set of candidates (i.e., region proposals or anchor boxes). Extensive experiments are conducted on five widely used datasets, and a series of state-of-the-art records are set by our TransVG. We build the benchmark of transformer-based visual grounding framework and will make our code available to the public.      
### 99.PARE: Part Attention Regressor for 3D Human Body Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08527.pdf)
>  Despite significant progress, we show that state of the art 3D human pose and shape estimation methods remain sensitive to partial occlusion and can produce dramatically wrong predictions although much of the body is observable. To address this, we introduce a soft attention mechanism, called the Part Attention REgressor (PARE), that learns to predict body-part-guided attention masks. We observe that state-of-the-art methods rely on global feature representations, making them sensitive to even small occlusions. In contrast, PARE's part-guided attention mechanism overcomes these issues by exploiting information about the visibility of individual body parts while leveraging information from neighboring body-parts to predict occluded parts. We show qualitatively that PARE learns sensible attention masks, and quantitative evaluation confirms that PARE achieves more accurate and robust reconstruction results than existing approaches on both occlusion-specific and standard benchmarks. Code will be available for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://pare.is.tue.mpg.de/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 100.Efficient Screening of Diseased Eyes based on Fundus Autofluorescence Images using Support Vector Machine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08519.pdf)
>  A variety of vision ailments are associated with geographic atrophy (GA) in the foveal region of the eye. In current clinical practice, the ophthalmologist manually detects potential presence of such GA based on fundus autofluorescence (FAF) images, and hence diagnoses the disease, when relevant. However, in view of the general scarcity of ophthalmologists relative to the large number of subjects seeking eyecare, especially in remote regions, it becomes imperative to develop methods to direct expert time and effort to medically significant cases. Further, subjects from either disadvantaged background or remote localities, who face considerable economic/physical barrier in consulting trained ophthalmologists, tend to seek medical attention only after being reasonably certain that an adverse condition exists. To serve the interest of both the ophthalmologist and the potential patient, we plan a screening step, where healthy and diseased eyes are algorithmically differentiated with limited input from only optometrists who are relatively more abundant in number. Specifically, an early treatment diabetic retinopathy study (ETDRS) grid is placed by an optometrist on each FAF image, based on which sectoral statistics are automatically collected. Using such statistics as features, healthy and diseased eyes are proposed to be classified by training an algorithm using available medical records. In this connection, we demonstrate the efficacy of support vector machines (SVM). Specifically, we consider SVM with linear as well as radial basis function (RBF) kernel, and observe satisfactory performance of both variants. Among those, we recommend the latter in view of its slight superiority in terms of classification accuracy (90.55% at a standard training-to-test ratio of 80:20), and practical class-conditional costs.      
### 101.Visually Guided Sound Source Separation and Localization using Self-Supervised Motion Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08506.pdf)
>  The objective of this paper is to perform audio-visual sound source separation, i.e.~to separate component audios from a mixture based on the videos of sound sources. Moreover, we aim to pinpoint the source location in the input video sequence. Recent works have shown impressive audio-visual separation results when using prior knowledge of the source type (e.g. human playing instrument) and pre-trained motion detectors (e.g. keypoints or optical flows). However, at the same time, the models are limited to a certain application domain. In this paper, we address these limitations and make the following contributions: i) we propose a two-stage architecture, called Appearance and Motion network (AMnet), where the stages specialise to appearance and motion cues, respectively. The entire system is trained in a self-supervised manner; ii) we introduce an Audio-Motion Embedding (AME) framework to explicitly represent the motions that related to sound; iii) we propose an audio-motion transformer architecture for audio and motion feature fusion; iv) we demonstrate state-of-the-art performance on two challenging datasets (MUSIC-21 and AVE) despite the fact that we do not use any pre-trained keypoint detectors or optical flow estimators. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ly-zhu.github.io/self-supervised-motion-representations" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 102.Visual Transformer Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08500.pdf)
>  Visual transformer has achieved competitive performance on a variety of computer vision applications. However, their storage, run-time memory, and computational demands are hindering the deployment on mobile devices. Here we present an visual transformer pruning approach, which identifies the impacts of channels in each layer and then executes pruning accordingly. By encouraging channel-wise sparsity in the Transformer, important channels automatically emerge. A great number of channels with small coefficients can be discarded to achieve a high pruning ratio without significantly compromising accuracy. The pipeline for visual transformer pruning is as follows: 1) training with sparsity regularization; 2) pruning channels; 3) finetuning. The reduced parameters and FLOPs ratios of the proposed algorithm are well evaluated and analyzed on ImageNet dataset to demonstrate its effectiveness.      
### 103.A Surface Geometry Model for LiDAR Depth Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08466.pdf)
>  LiDAR depth completion is a task that predicts depth values for every pixel on the corresponding camera frame, although only sparse LiDAR points are available. Most of the existing state-of-the-art solutions are based on deep neural networks, which need a large amount of data and heavy computations for training the models. In this letter, a novel non-learning depth completion method is proposed by exploiting the local surface geometry that is enhanced by an outlier removal algorithm. The proposed surface geometry model is inspired by the observation that most pixels with unknown depth have a nearby LiDAR point. Therefore, it is assumed those pixels share the same surface with the nearest LiDAR point, and their respective depth can be estimated as the nearest LiDAR depth value plus a residual error. The residual error is calculated by using a derived equation with several physical parameters as input, including the known camera intrinsic parameters, estimated normal vector, and offset distance on the image plane. The proposed method is further enhanced by an outlier removal algorithm that is designed to remove incorrectly mapped LiDAR points from occluded regions. On KITTI dataset, the proposed solution achieves the best error performance among all existing non-learning methods and is comparable to the best self-supervised learning method and some supervised learning methods. Moreover, since outlier points from occluded regions is a commonly existing problem, the proposed outlier removal algorithm is a general preprocessing step that is applicable to many robotic systems with both camera and LiDAR sensors.      
### 104.Gaze Perception in Humans and CNN-Based Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08447.pdf)
>  Making accurate inferences about other individuals' locus of attention is essential for human social interactions and will be important for AI to effectively interact with humans. In this study, we compare how a CNN (convolutional neural network) based model of gaze and humans infer the locus of attention in images of real-world scenes with a number of individuals looking at a common location. We show that compared to the model, humans' estimates of the locus of attention are more influenced by the context of the scene, such as the presence of the attended target and the number of individuals in the image.      
### 105.Towards Efficient Convolutional Network Models with Filter Distribution Templates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08446.pdf)
>  Increasing number of filters in deeper layers when feature maps are decreased is a widely adopted pattern in convolutional network design. It can be found in classical CNN architectures and in automatic discovered models. Even CNS methods commonly explore a selection of multipliers derived from this pyramidal pattern. We defy this practice by introducing a small set of templates consisting of easy to implement, intuitive and aggressive variations of the original pyramidal distribution of filters in VGG and ResNet architectures. Experiments on CIFAR, CINIC10 and TinyImagenet datasets show that models produced by our templates, are more efficient in terms of fewer parameters and memory needs.      
### 106.Fashion-Guided Adversarial Attack on Person Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08422.pdf)
>  This paper presents the first adversarial example based method for attacking human instance segmentation networks, namely person segmentation networks in short, which are harder to fool than classification networks. We propose a novel Fashion-Guided Adversarial Attack (FashionAdv) framework to automatically identify attackable regions in the target image to minimize the effect on image quality. It generates adversarial textures learned from fashion style images and then overlays them on the clothing regions in the original image to make all persons in the image invisible to person segmentation networks. The synthesized adversarial textures are inconspicuous and appear natural to the human eye. The effectiveness of the proposed method is enhanced by robustness training and by jointly attacking multiple components of the target network. Extensive experiments demonstrated the effectiveness of FashionAdv in terms of robustness to image manipulations and storage in cyberspace as well as appearing natural to the human eye. The code and data are publicly released on our project page <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nii-yamagishilab/fashion_adv" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 107.FiG-NeRF: Figure-Ground Neural Radiance Fields for 3D Object Category Modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08418.pdf)
>  We investigate the use of Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) to learn high quality 3D object category models from collections of input images. In contrast to previous work, we are able to do this whilst simultaneously separating foreground objects from their varying backgrounds. We achieve this via a 2-component NeRF model, FiG-NeRF, that prefers explanation of the scene as a geometrically constant background and a deformable foreground that represents the object category. We show that this method can learn accurate 3D object category models using only photometric supervision and casually captured images of the objects. Additionally, our 2-part decomposition allows the model to perform accurate and crisp amodal segmentation. We quantitatively evaluate our method with view synthesis and image fidelity metrics, using synthetic, lab-captured, and in-the-wild data. Our results demonstrate convincing 3D object category modelling that exceed the performance of existing methods.      
### 108.Accurate 3D Facial Geometry Prediction by Multi-Task, Multi-Modal, and Multi-Representation Landmark Refinement Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08403.pdf)
>  This work focuses on complete 3D facial geometry prediction, including 3D facial alignment via 3D face modeling and face orientation estimation using the proposed multi-task, multi-modal, and multi-representation landmark refinement network (M$^3$-LRN). Our focus is on the important facial attributes, 3D landmarks, and we fully utilize their embedded information to guide 3D facial geometry learning. We first propose a multi-modal and multi-representation feature aggregation for landmark refinement. Next, we are the first to study 3DMM regression from sparse 3D landmarks and utilize multi-representation advantage to attain better geometry prediction. We attain the state of the art from extensive experiments on all tasks of learning 3D facial geometry. We closely validate contributions of each modality and representation. Our results are robust across cropped faces, underwater scenarios, and extreme poses. Specially we adopt only simple and widely used network operations in M$^3$-LRN and attain a near 20\% improvement on face orientation estimation over the current best performance. See our project page here.      
### 109.Learning To Count Everything  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08391.pdf)
>  Existing works on visual counting primarily focus on one specific category at a time, such as people, animals, and cells. In this paper, we are interested in counting everything, that is to count objects from any category given only a few annotated instances from that category. To this end, we pose counting as a few-shot regression task. To tackle this task, we present a novel method that takes a query image together with a few exemplar objects from the query image and predicts a density map for the presence of all objects of interest in the query image. We also present a novel adaptation strategy to adapt our network to any novel visual category at test time, using only a few exemplar objects from the novel category. We also introduce a dataset of 147 object categories containing over 6000 images that are suitable for the few-shot counting task. The images are annotated with two types of annotation, dots and bounding boxes, and they can be used for developing few-shot counting models. Experiments on this dataset shows that our method outperforms several state-of-the-art object detectors and few-shot counting approaches. Our code and dataset can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cvlab-stonybrook/LearningToCountEverything" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 110.Arithmetic Distribution Neural Network for Background Subtraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08390.pdf)
>  We propose a new Arithmetic Distribution Neural Network (ADNN) for learning the distributions of temporal pixels during background subtraction. In our ADNN, the arithmetic distribution operations are utilized to propose the arithmetic distribution layers, including the product distribution layer and the sum distribution layer. Furthermore, in order to improve the accuracy of the proposed approach, an improved Bayesian refinement model based on neighboring information, with a GPU implementation, is introduced. In the forward pass and backpropagation of the proposed arithmetic distribution layers, histograms are considered as probability density functions rather than matrices. Thus, the proposed approach is able to utilize the probability information of the histogram and achieve promising results with a very simple architecture compared to traditional convolutional neural networks. Evaluations using standard benchmarks demonstrate the superiority of the proposed approach compared to state-of-the-art traditional and deep learning methods. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first method to propose network layers based on arithmetic distribution operations for learning distributions during background subtraction.      
### 111.Optimal Pose and Shape Estimation for Category-level 3D Object Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08383.pdf)
>  We consider a category-level perception problem, where one is given 3D sensor data picturing an object of a given category (e.g. a car), and has to reconstruct the pose and shape of the object despite intra-class variability (i.e. different car models have different shapes). We consider an active shape model, where -- for an object category -- we are given a library of potential CAD models describing objects in that category, and we adopt a standard formulation where pose and shape estimation are formulated as a non-convex optimization. Our first contribution is to provide the first certifiably optimal solver for pose and shape estimation. In particular, we show that rotation estimation can be decoupled from the estimation of the object translation and shape, and we demonstrate that (i) the optimal object rotation can be computed via a tight (small-size) semidefinite relaxation, and (ii) the translation and shape parameters can be computed in closed-form given the rotation. Our second contribution is to add an outlier rejection layer to our solver, hence making it robust to a large number of misdetections. Towards this goal, we wrap our optimal solver in a robust estimation scheme based on graduated non-convexity. To further enhance robustness to outliers, we also develop the first graph-theoretic formulation to prune outliers in category-level perception, which removes outliers via convex hull and maximum clique computations; the resulting approach is robust to 70%-90% outliers. Our third contribution is an extensive experimental evaluation. Besides providing an ablation study on a simulated dataset and on the PASCAL3D+ dataset, we combine our solver with a deep-learned keypoint detector, and show that the resulting approach improves over the state of the art in vehicle pose estimation in the ApolloScape datasets.      
### 112.Robust Object Detection via Instance-Level Temporal Cycle Confusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08381.pdf)
>  Building reliable object detectors that are robust to domain shifts, such as various changes in context, viewpoint, and object appearances, is critical for real-world applications. In this work, we study the effectiveness of auxiliary self-supervised tasks to improve the out-of-distribution generalization of object detectors. Inspired by the principle of maximum entropy, we introduce a novel self-supervised task, instance-level temporal cycle confusion (CycConf), which operates on the region features of the object detectors. For each object, the task is to find the most different object proposals in the adjacent frame in a video and then cycle back to itself for self-supervision. CycConf encourages the object detector to explore invariant structures across instances under various motions, which leads to improved model robustness in unseen domains at test time. We observe consistent out-of-domain performance improvements when training object detectors in tandem with self-supervised tasks on large-scale video datasets (BDD100K and Waymo open data). The joint training framework also establishes a new state-of-the-art on standard unsupervised domain adaptative detection benchmarks (Cityscapes, Foggy Cityscapes, and Sim10K). The project page is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://xinw.ai/cyc-conf" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 113.Multimodal Deception Detection in Videos via Analyzing Emotional State-based Feature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08373.pdf)
>  Deception detection is an important task that has been a hot research topic due to its potential applications. It can be applied to many areas from national security (e.g, airport security, jurisprudence, and law enforcement) to real-life applications (e.g., business and computer vision). However, some critical problems still exist and worth more investigation. One of the major challenges is the data scarcity problem. Until now, only one multimodal benchmark dataset on deception detection has been published, which contains 121 video clips for deception detection (61 for deceptive class and 60 for truthful class). This amount of data is hard to drive deep neural network-based methods. Hence, they often suffered from the overfitting problem and the bad generalization ability. Also, the ground truth data contains some unusable frames for many factors including the face is too small to be recognized the facial expression, face is covered by text, file corruption, etc. <br>However, most of the literature did not consider these problems. In this paper, we design a series of data preprocessing methods to deal with the problem first. Then, we propose a multimodal deception detection framework to construct our novel emotional state-based feature and used open toolkit openSMILE to extract the features from audio modality. A voting scheme is also designed to combine the emotional state information obtained from both visual modality and audio modality. Finally, the novel emotion state transformation (EST) feature is determined by our algorithm. The critical analysis and comparison of the proposed methods with the state-of-the-art multimodal method are showed that the overall performance has a great improvement of accuracy from 84.16% to 91.67% and ROC-AUC from 0.9211 to 0.9244.      
### 114.Drowned out by the noise: Evidence for Tracking-free Motion Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08368.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving consists of a multitude of interacting modules, where each module must contend with errors from the others. Typically, the motion prediction module depends on a robust tracking system to capture each agent's past movement. In this work, we systematically explore the importance of the tracking module for the motion prediction task and ultimately conclude that the tracking module is detrimental to overall motion prediction performance when the module is imperfect (with as low as 1% error). We explicitly compare models that use tracking information to models that do not across multiple scenarios and conditions. We find that the tracking information only improves performance in noise-free conditions. A noise-free tracker is unlikely to remain noise-free in real-world scenarios, and the inevitable noise will subsequently negatively affect performance. We thus argue future work should be mindful of noise when developing and testing motion/tracking modules, or that they should do away with the tracking component entirely.      
### 115.StylePeople: A Generative Model of Fullbody Human Avatars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08363.pdf)
>  We propose a new type of full-body human avatars, which combines parametric mesh-based body model with a neural texture. We show that with the help of neural textures, such avatars can successfully model clothing and hair, which usually poses a problem for mesh-based approaches. We also show how these avatars can be created from multiple frames of a video using backpropagation. We then propose a generative model for such avatars that can be trained from datasets of images and videos of people. The generative model allows us to sample random avatars as well as to create dressed avatars of people from one or few images. The code for the project is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://saic-violet.github.io/style-people" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 116.I Only Have Eyes for You: The Impact of Masks On Convolutional-Based Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08353.pdf)
>  The current COVID-19 pandemic has shown us that we are still facing unpredictable challenges in our society. The necessary constrain on social interactions affected heavily how we envision and prepare the future of social robots and artificial agents in general. Adapting current affective perception models towards constrained perception based on the hard separation between facial perception and affective understanding would help us to provide robust systems. In this paper, we perform an in-depth analysis of how recognizing affect from persons with masks differs from general facial expression perception. We evaluate how the recently proposed FaceChannel adapts towards recognizing facial expressions from persons with masks. In Our analysis, we evaluate different training and fine-tuning schemes to understand better the impact of masked facial expressions. We also perform specific feature-level visualization to demonstrate how the inherent capabilities of the FaceChannel to learn and combine facial features change when in a constrained social interaction scenario.      
### 117.Multitask Learning for VVC Quality Enhancement and Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08319.pdf)
>  The latest video coding standard, called versatile video coding (VVC), includes several novel and refined coding tools at different levels of the coding chain. These tools bring significant coding gains with respect to the previous standard, high efficiency video coding (HEVC). However, the encoder may still introduce visible coding artifacts, mainly caused by coding decisions applied to adjust the bitrate to the available bandwidth. Hence, pre and post-processing techniques are generally added to the coding pipeline to improve the quality of the decoded video. These methods have recently shown outstanding results compared to traditional approaches, thanks to the recent advances in deep learning. Generally, multiple neural networks are trained independently to perform different tasks, thus omitting to benefit from the redundancy that exists between the models. In this paper, we investigate a learning-based solution as a post-processing step to enhance the decoded VVC video quality. Our method relies on multitask learning to perform both quality enhancement and super-resolution using a single shared network optimized for multiple degradation levels. The proposed solution enables a good performance in both mitigating coding artifacts and super-resolution with fewer network parameters compared to traditional specialized architectures.      
### 118.High Performance Convolution Using Sparsity and Patterns for Inference in Deep Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08314.pdf)
>  Deploying deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) is impacted by their memory footprint and speed requirements, which mainly come from convolution. Widely-used convolution algorithms, im2col and MEC, produce a lowered matrix from an activation map by redundantly storing the map's elements included at horizontal and/or vertical kernel overlappings without considering the sparsity of the map. Using the sparsity of the map, this paper proposes two new convolution algorithms dubbed Compressed Pattern Overlap (CPO) and Compressed Pattern Sets (CPS) that simultaneously decrease the memory footprint and increase the inference speed while preserving the accuracy. CPO recognizes non-zero elements (NZEs) at horizontal and vertical overlappings in the activation maps. CPS further improves the memory savings of CPO by compressing the index positions of neighboring NZEs. In both algorithms, channels/regions of the activation maps with all zeros are skipped. Then, CPO/CPS performs convolution via Sparse Matrix-Vector Multiplication (SpMv) done on their sparse representations. Experimental results conducted on CPUs show that average per-layer time savings reach up to 63% and Compression Ratio (CR) up to 26x with respect to im2col. In some layers, our average per layer CPO/CPS time savings are better by 28% and CR is better by 9.2x than the parallel implementation of MEC. For a given CNN's inference, we offline select for each convolution layer the best convolutional algorithm in terms of time between either CPO or CPS and im2col. Our algorithms were selected up to 56% of the non-pointwise convolutional layers. Our offline selections yield CNN inference time savings up to 9% and CR up to 10x.      
### 119.Improving Adversarial Robustness Using Proxy Distributions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09425.pdf)
>  We focus on the use of proxy distributions, i.e., approximations of the underlying distribution of the training dataset, in both understanding and improving the adversarial robustness in image classification. While additional training data helps in adversarial training, curating a very large number of real-world images is challenging. In contrast, proxy distributions enable us to sample a potentially unlimited number of images and improve adversarial robustness using these samples. We first ask the question: when does adversarial robustness benefit from incorporating additional samples from the proxy distribution in the training stage? We prove that the difference between the robustness of a classifier on the proxy and original training dataset distribution is upper bounded by the conditional Wasserstein distance between them. Our result confirms the intuition that samples from a proxy distribution that closely approximates training dataset distribution should be able to boost adversarial robustness. Motivated by this finding, we leverage samples from state-of-the-art generative models, which can closely approximate training data distribution, to improve robustness. In particular, we improve robust accuracy by up to 6.1% and 5.7% in $l_{\infty}$ and $l_2$ threat model, and certified robust accuracy by 6.7% over baselines not using proxy distributions on the CIFAR-10 dataset. Since we can sample an unlimited number of images from a proxy distribution, it also allows us to investigate the effect of an increasing number of training samples on adversarial robustness. Here we provide the first large scale empirical investigation of accuracy vs robustness trade-off and sample complexity of adversarial training by training deep neural networks on 2K to 10M images.      
### 120.Assessment of deep learning based blood pressure prediction from PPG and rPPG signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09313.pdf)
>  Exploiting photoplethysmography signals (PPG) for non-invasive blood pressure (BP) measurement is interesting for various reasons. First, PPG can easily be measured using fingerclip sensors. Second, camera-based approaches allow to derive remote PPG (rPPG) signals similar to PPG and therefore provide the opportunity for non-invasive measurements of BP. Various methods relying on machine learning techniques have recently been published. Performances are often reported as the mean average error (MAE) on the data which is problematic. This work aims to analyze the PPG- and rPPG-based BP prediction error with respect to the underlying data distribution. First, we train established neural network (NN) architectures and derive an appropriate parameterization of input segments drawn from continuous PPG signals. Second, we apply this parameterization to a larger PPG dataset and train NNs to predict BP. The resulting prediction errors increase towards less frequent BP values. Third, we use transfer learning to train the NNs for rPPG based BP prediction. The resulting performances are similar to the PPG-only case. Finally, we apply a personalization technique and retrain our NNs with subject-specific data. This slightly reduces the prediction errors.      
### 121.LAFEAT: Piercing Through Adversarial Defenses with Latent Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09284.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks are susceptible to adversarial attacks. They can be easily deceived to give an incorrect output by adding a tiny perturbation to the input. This presents a great challenge in making CNNs robust against such attacks. An influx of new defense techniques have been proposed to this end. In this paper, we show that latent features in certain "robust" models are surprisingly susceptible to adversarial attacks. On top of this, we introduce a unified $\ell_\infty$-norm white-box attack algorithm which harnesses latent features in its gradient descent steps, namely LAFEAT. We show that not only is it computationally much more efficient for successful attacks, but it is also a stronger adversary than the current state-of-the-art across a wide range of defense mechanisms. This suggests that model robustness could be contingent on the effective use of the defender's hidden components, and it should no longer be viewed from a holistic perspective.      
### 122.Progressive Encoding for Neural Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09125.pdf)
>  We introduce a Progressive Positional Encoding (PPE) layer, which gradually exposes signals with increasing frequencies throughout the neural optimization. In this paper, we show the competence of the PPE layer for mesh transfer and its advantages compared to contemporary surface mapping techniques. Our approach is simple and requires little user guidance. Most importantly, our technique is a parameterization-free method, and thus applicable to a variety of target shape representations, including point clouds, polygon soups, and non-manifold meshes. We demonstrate that the transferred meshing remains faithful to the source mesh design characteristics, and at the same time fits the target geometry well.      
### 123.Do We Really Need Gold Samples for Sample Weighting Under Label Noise?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.09045.pdf)
>  Learning with labels noise has gained significant traction recently due to the sensitivity of deep neural networks under label noise under common loss functions. Losses that are theoretically robust to label noise, however, often makes training difficult. Consequently, several recently proposed methods, such as Meta-Weight-Net (MW-Net), use a small number of unbiased, clean samples to learn a weighting function that downweights samples that are likely to have corrupted labels under the meta-learning framework. However, obtaining such a set of clean samples is not always feasible in practice. In this paper, we analytically show that one can easily train MW-Net without access to clean samples simply by using a loss function that is robust to label noise, such as mean absolute error, as the meta objective to train the weighting network. We experimentally show that our method beats all existing methods that do not use clean samples and performs on-par with methods that use gold samples on benchmark datasets across various noise types and noise rates.      
### 124.A Two-branch Neural Network for Non-homogeneous Dehazing via Ensemble Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08902.pdf)
>  Recently, there has been rapid and significant progress on image dehazing. Many deep learning based methods have shown their superb performance in handling homogeneous dehazing problems. However, we observe that even if a carefully designed convolutional neural network (CNN) can perform well on large-scaled dehazing benchmarks, the network usually fails on the non-homogeneous dehazing datasets introduced by NTIRE challenges. The reasons are mainly in two folds. Firstly, due to its non-homogeneous nature, the non-uniformly distributed haze is harder to be removed than the homogeneous haze. Secondly, the research challenge only provides limited data (there are only 25 training pairs in NH-Haze 2021 dataset). Thus, learning the mapping from the domain of hazy images to that of clear ones based on very limited data is extremely hard. To this end, we propose a simple but effective approach for non-homogeneous dehazing via ensemble learning. To be specific, we introduce a two-branch neural network to separately deal with the aforementioned problems and then map their distinct features by a learnable fusion tail. We show extensive experimental results to illustrate the effectiveness of our proposed method.      
### 125.End-to-End Interactive Prediction and Planning with Optical Flow Distillation for Autonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08862.pdf)
>  With the recent advancement of deep learning technology, data-driven approaches for autonomous car prediction and planning have achieved extraordinary performance. Nevertheless, most of these approaches follow a non-interactive prediction and planning paradigm, hypothesizing that a vehicle's behaviors do not affect others. The approaches based on such a non-interactive philosophy typically perform acceptably in sparse traffic scenarios but can easily fail in dense traffic scenarios. Therefore, we propose an end-to-end interactive neural motion planner (INMP) for autonomous driving in this paper. Given a set of past surrounding-view images and a high definition map, our INMP first generates a feature map in bird's-eye-view space, which is then processed to detect other agents and perform interactive prediction and planning jointly. Also, we adopt an optical flow distillation paradigm, which can effectively improve the network performance while still maintaining its real-time inference speed. Extensive experiments on the nuScenes dataset and in the closed-loop Carla simulation environment demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our INMP for the detection, prediction, and planning tasks. Our project page is at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://sites.google.com/view/inmp-ofd" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 126.Natural Instructions: Benchmarking Generalization to New Tasks from Natural Language Instructions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08773.pdf)
>  Can we enable NLP models to appropriately respond to instructional prompts and consequently generalize to new tasks? To study this question, we leverage the existing NLP datasets and the instructions that were used to crowdsource them to create NATURAL INSTRUCTIONS, a dataset of instructions and task-specific input/output data. This dataset consists of 61 distinct language instructions and about 600k task instances, and is used to evaluate existing state-of-the-art language-models (LMs) in addressing new tasks by few-shot prompting of GPT3 and fine-tuning BART. Our analysis indicates that: (a) the existing models indeed benefit from instructions and hence, show improved generalization to new tasks; (b) while models like GPT-3 generally benefit from instructions, the extent of their gains varies across different fields of instructions and also depends on the task being solved; (c) generalization to unseen tasks in NATURAL INSTRUCTIONS remains far from perfect for the state-of-the-art, indicating significant room for more progress in this direction.      
### 127.Stochastic Optimization of Area Under Precision-Recall Curve for Deep Learning with Provable Convergence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08736.pdf)
>  Areas under ROC (AUROC) and precision-recall curves (AUPRC) are common metrics for evaluating classification performance for imbalanced problems. Compared with AUROC, AUPRC is a more appropriate metric for highly imbalanced datasets. While direct optimization of AUROC has been studied extensively, optimization of AUPRC has been rarely explored. In this work, we propose a principled technical method to optimize AUPRC for deep learning. Our approach is based on maximizing the averaged precision (AP), which is an unbiased point estimator of AUPRC. We show that the surrogate loss function for AP is highly non-convex and more complicated than that of AUROC. We cast the objective into a sum of dependent compositional functions with inner functions dependent on random variables of the outer level. We propose efficient adaptive and non-adaptive stochastic algorithms with provable convergence guarantee under mild conditions by using recent advances in stochastic compositional optimization. Extensive experimental results on graphs and image datasets demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms prior methods on imbalanced problems. To the best of our knowledge, our work represents the first attempt to optimize AUPRC with provable convergence.      
### 128.On Learning the Geodesic Path for Incremental Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08572.pdf)
>  Neural networks notoriously suffer from the problem of catastrophic forgetting, the phenomenon of forgetting the past knowledge when acquiring new knowledge. Overcoming catastrophic forgetting is of significant importance to emulate the process of "incremental learning", where the model is capable of learning from sequential experience in an efficient and robust way. State-of-the-art techniques for incremental learning make use of knowledge distillation towards preventing catastrophic forgetting. Therein, one updates the network while ensuring that the network's responses to previously seen concepts remain stable throughout updates. This in practice is done by minimizing the dissimilarity between current and previous responses of the network one way or another. Our work contributes a novel method to the arsenal of distillation techniques. In contrast to the previous state of the art, we propose to firstly construct low-dimensional manifolds for previous and current responses and minimize the dissimilarity between the responses along the geodesic connecting the manifolds. This induces a more formidable knowledge distillation with smooth properties which preserves the past knowledge more efficiently as observed by our comprehensive empirical study.      
### 129.Mobile App Tasks with Iterative Feedback (MoTIF): Addressing Task Feasibility in Interactive Visual Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08560.pdf)
>  In recent years, vision-language research has shifted to study tasks which require more complex reasoning, such as interactive question answering, visual common sense reasoning, and question-answer plausibility prediction. However, the datasets used for these problems fail to capture the complexity of real inputs and multimodal environments, such as ambiguous natural language requests and diverse digital domains. We introduce Mobile app Tasks with Iterative Feedback (MoTIF), a dataset with natural language commands for the greatest number of interactive environments to date. MoTIF is the first to contain natural language requests for interactive environments that are not satisfiable, and we obtain follow-up questions on this subset to enable research on task uncertainty resolution. We perform initial feasibility classification experiments and only reach an F1 score of 37.3, verifying the need for richer vision-language representations and improved architectures to reason about task feasibility.      
### 130.Cycle-free CycleGAN using Invertible Generator for Unsupervised Low-Dose CT Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08538.pdf)
>  Recently, CycleGAN was shown to provide high-performance, ultra-fast denoising for low-dose X-ray computed tomography (CT) without the need for a paired training dataset. Although this was possible thanks to cycle consistency, CycleGAN requires two generators and two discriminators to enforce cycle consistency, demanding significant GPU resources and technical skills for training. A recent proposal of tunable CycleGAN with Adaptive Instance Normalization (AdaIN) alleviates the problem in part by using a single generator. However, two discriminators and an additional AdaIN code generator are still required for training. To solve this problem, here we present a novel cycle-free Cycle-GAN architecture, which consists of a single generator and a discriminator but still guarantees cycle consistency. The main innovation comes from the observation that the use of an invertible generator automatically fulfills the cycle consistency condition and eliminates the additional discriminator in the CycleGAN formulation. To make the invertible generator more effective, our network is implemented in the wavelet residual domain. Extensive experiments using various levels of low-dose CT images confirm that our method can significantly improve denoising performance using only 10% of learnable parameters and faster training time compared to the conventional CycleGAN.      
### 131.Semi-Supervised Multi-Modal Multi-Instance Multi-Label Deep Network with Optimal Transport  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08489.pdf)
>  Complex objects are usually with multiple labels, and can be represented by multiple modal representations, e.g., the complex articles contain text and image information as well as multiple annotations. Previous methods assume that the homogeneous multi-modal data are consistent, while in real applications, the raw data are disordered, e.g., the article constitutes with variable number of inconsistent text and image instances. Therefore, Multi-modal Multi-instance Multi-label (M3) learning provides a framework for handling such task and has exhibited excellent performance. However, M3 learning is facing two main challenges: 1) how to effectively utilize label correlation; 2) how to take advantage of multi-modal learning to process unlabeled instances. To solve these problems, we first propose a novel Multi-modal Multi-instance Multi-label Deep Network (M3DN), which considers M3 learning in an end-to-end multi-modal deep network and utilizes consistency principle among different modal bag-level predictions. Based on the M3DN, we learn the latent ground label metric with the optimal transport. Moreover, we introduce the extrinsic unlabeled multi-modal multi-instance data, and propose the M3DNS, which considers the instance-level auto-encoder for single modality and modified bag-level optimal transport to strengthen the consistency among modalities. Thereby M3DNS can better predict label and exploit label correlation simultaneously. Experiments on benchmark datasets and real world WKG Game-Hub dataset validate the effectiveness of the proposed methods.      
### 132.LAMPRET: Layout-Aware Multimodal PreTraining for Document Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08405.pdf)
>  Document layout comprises both structural and visual (eg. font-sizes) information that is vital but often ignored by machine learning models. The few existing models which do use layout information only consider textual contents, and overlook the existence of contents in other modalities such as images. Additionally, spatial interactions of presented contents in a layout were never really fully exploited. To bridge this gap, we parse a document into content blocks (eg. text, table, image) and propose a novel layout-aware multimodal hierarchical framework, LAMPreT, to model the blocks and the whole document. Our LAMPreT encodes each block with a multimodal transformer in the lower-level and aggregates the block-level representations and connections utilizing a specifically designed transformer at the higher-level. We design hierarchical pretraining objectives where the lower-level model is trained similarly to multimodal grounding models, and the higher-level model is trained with our proposed novel layout-aware objectives. We evaluate the proposed model on two layout-aware tasks -- text block filling and image suggestion and show the effectiveness of our proposed hierarchical architecture as well as pretraining techniques.      
### 133."Wikily" Neural Machine Translation Tailored to Cross-Lingual Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08384.pdf)
>  We present a simple but effective approach for leveraging Wikipedia for neural machine translation as well as cross-lingual tasks of image captioning and dependency parsing without using any direct supervision from external parallel data or supervised models in the target language. We show that first sentences and titles of linked Wikipedia pages, as well as cross-lingual image captions, are strong signals for a seed parallel data to extract bilingual dictionaries and cross-lingual word embeddings for mining parallel text from Wikipedia. Our final model achieves high BLEU scores that are close to or sometimes higher than strong supervised baselines in low-resource languages; e.g. supervised BLEU of 4.0 versus 12.1 from our model in English-to-Kazakh. Moreover, we tailor our wikily translation models to unsupervised image captioning and cross-lingual dependency parser transfer. In image captioning, we train a multi-tasking machine translation and image captioning pipeline for Arabic and English from which the Arabic training data is a wikily translation of the English captioning data. Our captioning results in Arabic are slightly better than that of its supervised model. In dependency parsing, we translate a large amount of monolingual text, and use it as an artificial training data in an annotation projection framework. We show that our model outperforms recent work on cross-lingual transfer of dependency parsers.      
### 134.Random and Adversarial Bit Error Robustness: Energy-Efficient and Secure DNN Accelerators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08323.pdf)
>  Deep neural network (DNN) accelerators received considerable attention in recent years due to the potential to save energy compared to mainstream hardware. Low-voltage operation of DNN accelerators allows to further reduce energy consumption significantly, however, causes bit-level failures in the memory storing the quantized DNN weights. Furthermore, DNN accelerators have been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks on voltage controllers or individual bits. In this paper, we show that a combination of robust fixed-point quantization, weight clipping, as well as random bit error training (RandBET) or adversarial bit error training (AdvBET) improves robustness against random or adversarial bit errors in quantized DNN weights significantly. This leads not only to high energy savings for low-voltage operation as well as low-precision quantization, but also improves security of DNN accelerators. Our approach generalizes across operating voltages and accelerators, as demonstrated on bit errors from profiled SRAM arrays, and achieves robustness against both targeted and untargeted bit-level attacks. Without losing more than 0.8%/2% in test accuracy, we can reduce energy consumption on CIFAR10 by 20%/30% for 8/4-bit quantization using RandBET. Allowing up to 320 adversarial bit errors, AdvBET reduces test error from above 90% (chance level) to 26.22% on CIFAR10.      
### 135.Does language help generalization in vision models?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.08313.pdf)
>  Vision models trained on multimodal datasets have recently proved very efficient, both in terms of the wide availability of large image-caption datasets, and in terms of the resulting model's ability to generalize to multiple downstream tasks (e.g. zero-shot learning). One might assume that these abilities are derived, at least in part, from a "semantic grounding" of the visual feature space, learning meaningful structure by mirroring the space of linguistic representations. Contrary to this intuition, we show that a visual model (BiT-M) trained on a very large supervised image dataset (ImageNet-21k) can be as efficient for generalization (few-shot learning, unsupervised clustering) as its multimodal counterpart (CLIP). When compared to other standard visual or language models, the latent representations of BiT-M were found to be just as "linguistic" as those of CLIP. Overall, these findings suggest that the main factor driving improvements of generalization in current models is the size of the training dataset, not (solely) the multimodal grounding property.      
