# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 30 Apr 2021
### 1.Exemplar-Based 3D Portrait Stylization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14559.pdf)
>  Exemplar-based portrait stylization is widely attractive and highly desired. Despite recent successes, it remains challenging, especially when considering both texture and geometric styles. In this paper, we present the first framework for one-shot 3D portrait style transfer, which can generate 3D face models with both the geometry exaggerated and the texture stylized while preserving the identity from the original content. It requires only one arbitrary style image instead of a large set of training examples for a particular style, provides geometry and texture outputs that are fully parameterized and disentangled, and enables further graphics applications with the 3D representations. The framework consists of two stages. In the first geometric style transfer stage, we use facial landmark translation to capture the coarse geometry style and guide the deformation of the dense 3D face geometry. In the second texture style transfer stage, we focus on performing style transfer on the canonical texture by adopting a differentiable renderer to optimize the texture in a multi-view framework. Experiments show that our method achieves robustly good results on different artistic styles and outperforms existing methods. We also demonstrate the advantages of our method via various 2D and 3D graphics applications. Project page is <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://halfjoe.github.io/projs/3DPS/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.A Large-Scale Study on Unsupervised Spatiotemporal Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14558.pdf)
>  We present a large-scale study on unsupervised spatiotemporal representation learning from videos. With a unified perspective on four recent image-based frameworks, we study a simple objective that can easily generalize all these methods to space-time. Our objective encourages temporally-persistent features in the same video, and in spite of its simplicity, it works surprisingly well across: (i) different unsupervised frameworks, (ii) pre-training datasets, (iii) downstream datasets, and (iv) backbone architectures. We draw a series of intriguing observations from this study, e.g., we discover that encouraging long-spanned persistency can be effective even if the timespan is 60 seconds. In addition to state-of-the-art results in multiple benchmarks, we report a few promising cases in which unsupervised pre-training can outperform its supervised counterpart. Code is made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/facebookresearch/SlowFast" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 3.Learned Spatial Representations for Few-shot Talking-Head Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14557.pdf)
>  We propose a novel approach for few-shot talking-head synthesis. While recent works in neural talking heads have produced promising results, they can still produce images that do not preserve the identity of the subject in source images. We posit this is a result of the entangled representation of each subject in a single latent code that models 3D shape information, identity cues, colors, lighting and even background details. In contrast, we propose to factorize the representation of a subject into its spatial and style components. Our method generates a target frame in two steps. First, it predicts a dense spatial layout for the target image. Second, an image generator utilizes the predicted layout for spatial denormalization and synthesizes the target frame. We experimentally show that this disentangled representation leads to a significant improvement over previous methods, both quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 4.Discover the Unknown Biased Attribute of an Image Classifier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14556.pdf)
>  Recent works find that AI algorithms learn biases from data. Therefore, it is urgent and vital to identify biases in AI algorithms. However, the previous bias identification pipeline overly relies on human experts to conjecture potential biases (e.g., gender), which may neglect other underlying biases not realized by humans. To help human experts better find the AI algorithms' biases, we study a new problem in this work -- for a classifier that predicts a target attribute of the input image, discover its unknown biased attribute. <br>To solve this challenging problem, we use a hyperplane in the generative model's latent space to represent an image attribute; thus, the original problem is transformed to optimizing the hyperplane's normal vector and offset. We propose a novel total-variation loss within this framework as the objective function and a new orthogonalization penalty as a constraint. The latter prevents trivial solutions in which the discovered biased attribute is identical with the target or one of the known-biased attributes. Extensive experiments on both disentanglement datasets and real-world datasets show that our method can discover biased attributes and achieve better disentanglement w.r.t. target attributes. Furthermore, the qualitative results show that our method can discover unnoticeable biased attributes for various object and scene classifiers, proving our method's generalizability for detecting biased attributes in diverse domains of images. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/J3kMh" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.MongeNet: Efficient Sampler for Geometric Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14554.pdf)
>  Recent advances in geometric deep-learning introduce complex computational challenges for evaluating the distance between meshes. From a mesh model, point clouds are necessary along with a robust distance metric to assess surface quality or as part of the loss function for training models. Current methods often rely on a uniform random mesh discretization, which yields irregular sampling and noisy distance estimation. In this paper we introduce MongeNet, a fast and optimal transport based sampler that allows for an accurate discretization of a mesh with better approximation properties. We compare our method to the ubiquitous random uniform sampling and show that the approximation error is almost half with a very small computational overhead.      
### 6.MarioNette: Self-Supervised Sprite Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14553.pdf)
>  Visual content often contains recurring elements. Text is made up of glyphs from the same font, animations, such as cartoons or video games, are composed of sprites moving around the screen, and natural videos frequently have repeated views of objects. In this paper, we propose a deep learning approach for obtaining a graphically disentangled representation of recurring elements in a completely self-supervised manner. By jointly learning a dictionary of texture patches and training a network that places them onto a canvas, we effectively deconstruct sprite-based content into a sparse, consistent, and interpretable representation that can be easily used in downstream tasks. Our framework offers a promising approach for discovering recurring patterns in image collections without supervision.      
### 7.Ensembling with Deep Generative Views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14551.pdf)
>  Recent generative models can synthesize "views" of artificial images that mimic real-world variations, such as changes in color or pose, simply by learning from unlabeled image collections. Here, we investigate whether such views can be applied to real images to benefit downstream analysis tasks such as image classification. Using a pretrained generator, we first find the latent code corresponding to a given real input image. Applying perturbations to the code creates natural variations of the image, which can then be ensembled together at test-time. We use StyleGAN2 as the source of generative augmentations and investigate this setup on classification tasks involving facial attributes, cat faces, and cars. Critically, we find that several design decisions are required towards making this process work; the perturbation procedure, weighting between the augmentations and original image, and training the classifier on synthesized images can all impact the result. Currently, we find that while test-time ensembling with GAN-based augmentations can offer some small improvements, the remaining bottlenecks are the efficiency and accuracy of the GAN reconstructions, coupled with classifier sensitivities to artifacts in GAN-generated images.      
### 8.With a Little Help from My Friends: Nearest-Neighbor Contrastive Learning of Visual Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14548.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning algorithms based on instance discrimination train encoders to be invariant to pre-defined transformations of the same instance. While most methods treat different views of the same image as positives for a contrastive loss, we are interested in using positives from other instances in the dataset. Our method, Nearest-Neighbor Contrastive Learning of visual Representations (NNCLR), samples the nearest neighbors from the dataset in the latent space, and treats them as positives. This provides more semantic variations than pre-defined transformations. <br>We find that using the nearest-neighbor as positive in contrastive losses improves performance significantly on ImageNet classification, from 71.7% to 75.6%, outperforming previous state-of-the-art methods. On semi-supervised learning benchmarks we improve performance significantly when only 1% ImageNet labels are available, from 53.8% to 56.5%. On transfer learning benchmarks our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods (including supervised learning with ImageNet) on 8 out of 12 downstream datasets. Furthermore, we demonstrate empirically that our method is less reliant on complex data augmentations. We see a relative reduction of only 2.1% ImageNet Top-1 accuracy when we train using only random crops.      
### 9.LightTrack: Finding Lightweight Neural Networks for Object Tracking via One-Shot Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14545.pdf)
>  Object tracking has achieved significant progress over the past few years. However, state-of-the-art trackers become increasingly heavy and expensive, which limits their deployments in resource-constrained applications. In this work, we present LightTrack, which uses neural architecture search (NAS) to design more lightweight and efficient object trackers. Comprehensive experiments show that our LightTrack is effective. It can find trackers that achieve superior performance compared to handcrafted SOTA trackers, such as SiamRPN++ and Ocean, while using much fewer model Flops and parameters. Moreover, when deployed on resource-constrained mobile chipsets, the discovered trackers run much faster. For example, on Snapdragon 845 Adreno GPU, LightTrack runs $12\times$ faster than Ocean, while using $13\times$ fewer parameters and $38\times$ fewer Flops. Such improvements might narrow the gap between academic models and industrial deployments in object tracking task. LightTrack is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/researchmm/LightTrack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.AutoFlow: Learning a Better Training Set for Optical Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14544.pdf)
>  Synthetic datasets play a critical role in pre-training CNN models for optical flow, but they are painstaking to generate and hard to adapt to new applications. To automate the process, we present AutoFlow, a simple and effective method to render training data for optical flow that optimizes the performance of a model on a target dataset. AutoFlow takes a layered approach to render synthetic data, where the motion, shape, and appearance of each layer are controlled by learnable hyperparameters. Experimental results show that AutoFlow achieves state-of-the-art accuracy in pre-training both PWC-Net and RAFT. Our code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://autoflow-google.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 11.The Temporal Opportunist: Self-Supervised Multi-Frame Monocular Depth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14540.pdf)
>  Self-supervised monocular depth estimation networks are trained to predict scene depth using nearby frames as a supervision signal during training. However, for many applications, sequence information in the form of video frames is also available at test time. The vast majority of monocular networks do not make use of this extra signal, thus ignoring valuable information that could be used to improve the predicted depth. Those that do, either use computationally expensive test-time refinement techniques or off-the-shelf recurrent networks, which only indirectly make use of the geometric information that is inherently available. <br>We propose ManyDepth, an adaptive approach to dense depth estimation that can make use of sequence information at test time, when it is available. Taking inspiration from multi-view stereo, we propose a deep end-to-end cost volume based approach that is trained using self-supervision only. We present a novel consistency loss that encourages the network to ignore the cost volume when it is deemed unreliable, e.g. in the case of moving objects, and an augmentation scheme to cope with static cameras. Our detailed experiments on both KITTI and Cityscapes show that we outperform all published self-supervised baselines, including those that use single or multiple frames at test time.      
### 12.A Hierarchical Transformation-Discriminating Generative Model for Few Shot Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14535.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection, the task of identifying unusual samples in data, often relies on a large set of training samples. In this work, we consider the setting of few-shot anomaly detection in images, where only a few images are given at training. We devise a hierarchical generative model that captures the multi-scale patch distribution of each training image. We further enhance the representation of our model by using image transformations and optimize scale-specific patch-discriminators to distinguish between real and fake patches of the image, as well as between different transformations applied to those patches. The anomaly score is obtained by aggregating the patch-based votes of the correct transformation across scales and image regions. We demonstrate the superiority of our method on both the one-shot and few-shot settings, on the datasets of Paris, CIFAR10, MNIST and FashionMNIST as well as in the setting of defect detection on MVTec. In all cases, our method outperforms the recent baseline methods.      
### 13.GasHis-Transformer: A Multi-scale Visual Transformer Approach for Gastric Histopathology Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14528.pdf)
>  For deep learning methods applied to the diagnosis of gastric cancer intelligently, existing methods concentrate more on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) but no approaches are available using Visual Transformer (VT). VT's efficient and stable deep learning models with the most recent application in the field of computer vision, which is capable of improving the recognition of global information in images. In this paper, a multi-scale visual transformer model (GasHis-Transformer) is proposed for a gastric histopathology image classification (GHIC) task, which enables the automatic classification of gastric histological images of abnormal and normal cancer by obtained by optical microscopy to facilitate the medical work of histopathologists. This GasHis-Transformer model is built on two fundamental modules, including a global information module (GIM) and a local information module (LIM). In the experiment, an open source hematoxylin and eosin (H&amp;E) stained gastric histopathology dataset with 280 abnormal or normal images are divided into training, validation, and test sets at a ratio of 1:1:2 first. Then, GasHis-Transformer obtains precision, recall, F1-score, and accuracy on the testing set of 98.0%, 100.0%, 96.0%, and 98.0%. Furthermore, a contrast experiment also tests the generalization ability of the proposed GatHis-Transformer model with a lymphoma image dataset including 374 images and a breast cancer dataset including 1390 images in two extended experiments and achieves an accuracy of 83.9% and 89.4%, respectively. Finally, GasHis-Transformer model demonstrates high classification performance and shows its effectiveness and enormous potential in GHIC tasks.      
### 14.Towards a practical lip-to-speech conversion system using deep neural networks and mobile application frontend  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14467.pdf)
>  Articulatory-to-acoustic (forward) mapping is a technique to predict speech using various articulatory acquisition techniques as input (e.g. ultrasound tongue imaging, MRI, lip video). The advantage of lip video is that it is easily available and affordable: most modern smartphones have a front camera. There are already a few solutions for lip-to-speech synthesis, but they mostly concentrate on offline training and inference. In this paper, we propose a system built from a backend for deep neural network training and inference and a fronted as a form of a mobile application. Our initial evaluation shows that the scenario is feasible: a top-5 classification accuracy of 74% is combined with feedback from the mobile application user, making sure that the speaking impaired might be able to communicate with this solution.      
### 15.3D Human Action Representation Learning via Cross-View Consistency Pursuit  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14466.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a Cross-view Contrastive Learning framework for unsupervised 3D skeleton-based action Representation (CrosSCLR), by leveraging multi-view complementary supervision signal. CrosSCLR consists of both single-view contrastive learning (SkeletonCLR) and cross-view consistent knowledge mining (CVC-KM) modules, integrated in a collaborative learning manner. It is noted that CVC-KM works in such a way that high-confidence positive/negative samples and their distributions are exchanged among views according to their embedding similarity, ensuring cross-view consistency in terms of contrastive context, i.e., similar distributions. Extensive experiments show that CrosSCLR achieves remarkable action recognition results on NTU-60 and NTU-120 datasets under unsupervised settings, with observed higher-quality action representations. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LinguoLi/CrosSCLR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Discriminative-Generative Dual Memory Video Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14430.pdf)
>  Recently, people tried to use a few anomalies for video anomaly detection (VAD) instead of only normal data during the training process. A side effect of data imbalance occurs when a few abnormal data face a vast number of normal data. The latest VAD works use triplet loss or data re-sampling strategy to lessen this problem. However, there is still no elaborately designed structure for discriminative VAD with a few anomalies. In this paper, we propose a DiscRiminative-gEnerative duAl Memory (DREAM) anomaly detection model to take advantage of a few anomalies and solve data imbalance. We use two shallow discriminators to tighten the normal feature distribution boundary along with a generator for the next frame prediction. Further, we propose a dual memory module to obtain a sparse feature representation in both normality and abnormality space. As a result, DREAM not only solves the data imbalance problem but also learn a reasonable feature space. Further theoretical analysis shows that our DREAM also works for the unknown anomalies. Comparing with the previous methods on UCSD Ped1, UCSD Ped2, CUHK Avenue, and ShanghaiTech, our model outperforms all the baselines with no extra parameters. The ablation study demonstrates the effectiveness of our dual memory module and discriminative-generative network.      
### 17.Genotype-Guided Radiomics Signatures for Recurrence Prediction of Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14420.pdf)
>  Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a serious disease and has a high recurrence rate after the surgery. Recently, many machine learning methods have been proposed for recurrence prediction. The methods using gene data have high prediction accuracy but require high cost. Although the radiomics signatures using only CT image are not expensive, its accuracy is relatively low. In this paper, we propose a genotype-guided radiomics method (GGR) for obtaining high prediction accuracy with low cost. We used a public radiogenomics dataset of NSCLC, which includes CT images and gene data. The proposed method is a two-step method, which consists of two models. The first model is a gene estimation model, which is used to estimate the gene expression from radiomics features and deep features extracted from computer tomography (CT) image. The second model is used to predict the recurrence using the estimated gene expression data. The proposed GGR method designed based on hybrid features which is combination of handcrafted-based and deep learning-based. The experiments demonstrated that the prediction accuracy can be improved significantly from 78.61% (existing radiomics method) and 79.14% (deep learning method) to 83.28% by the proposed GGR.      
### 18.Cross-Domain Few-Shot Classification via Adversarial Task Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14385.pdf)
>  Few-shot classification aims to recognize unseen classes with few labeled samples from each class. Many meta-learning models for few-shot classification elaborately design various task-shared inductive bias (meta-knowledge) to solve such tasks, and achieve impressive performance. However, when there exists the domain shift between the training tasks and the test tasks, the obtained inductive bias fails to generalize across domains, which degrades the performance of the meta-learning models. In this work, we aim to improve the robustness of the inductive bias through task augmentation. Concretely, we consider the worst-case problem around the source task distribution, and propose the adversarial task augmentation method which can generate the inductive bias-adaptive 'challenging' tasks. Our method can be used as a simple plug-and-play module for various meta-learning models, and improve their cross-domain generalization capability. We conduct extensive experiments under the cross-domain setting, using nine few-shot classification datasets: mini-ImageNet, CUB, Cars, Places, Plantae, CropDiseases, EuroSAT, ISIC and ChestX. Experimental results show that our method can effectively improve the few-shot classification performance of the meta-learning models under domain shift, and outperforms the existing works. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Haoqing-Wang/CDFSL-ATA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.MinMaxCAM: Improving object coverage for CAM-basedWeakly Supervised Object Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14375.pdf)
>  One of the most common problems of weakly supervised object localization is that of inaccurate object coverage. In the context of state-of-the-art methods based on Class Activation Mapping, this is caused either by localization maps which focus, exclusively, on the most discriminative region of the objects of interest or by activations occurring in background regions. To address these two problems, we propose two representation regularization mechanisms: Full Region Regularizationwhich tries to maximize the coverage of the localization map inside the object region, and Common Region Regularization which minimizes the activations occurring in background regions. We evaluate the two regularizations on the ImageNet, CUB-200-2011 and OpenImages-segmentation datasets, and show that the proposed regularizations tackle both problems, outperforming the state-of-the-art by a significant margin.      
### 20.Thermal Infrared Image Colorization for Nighttime Driving Scenes with Top-Down Guided Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14374.pdf)
>  Benefitting from insensitivity to light and high penetration of foggy environments, infrared cameras are widely used for sensing in nighttime traffic scenes. However, the low contrast and lack of chromaticity of thermal infrared (TIR) images hinder the human interpretation and portability of high-level computer vision algorithms. Colorization to translate a nighttime TIR image into a daytime color (NTIR2DC) image may be a promising way to facilitate nighttime scene perception. Despite recent impressive advances in image translation, semantic encoding entanglement and geometric distortion in the NTIR2DC task remain under-addressed. Hence, we propose a toP-down attEntion And gRadient aLignment based GAN, referred to as PearlGAN. A top-down guided attention module and an elaborate attentional loss are first designed to reduce the semantic encoding ambiguity during translation. Then, a structured gradient alignment loss is introduced to encourage edge consistency between the translated and input images. In addition, pixel-level annotation is carried out on a subset of FLIR and KAIST datasets to evaluate the semantic preservation performance of multiple translation methods. Furthermore, a new metric is devised to evaluate the geometric consistency in the translation process. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of the proposed PearlGAN over other image translation methods for the NTIR2DC task. The source code and labeled segmentation masks will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FuyaLuo/PearlGAN/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 21.Video Salient Object Detection via Adaptive Local-Global Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14360.pdf)
>  Video salient object detection (VSOD) is an important task in many vision applications. Reliable VSOD requires to simultaneously exploit the information from both the spatial domain and the temporal domain. Most of the existing algorithms merely utilize simple fusion strategies, such as addition and concatenation, to merge the information from different domains. Despite their simplicity, such fusion strategies may introduce feature redundancy, and also fail to fully exploit the relationship between multi-level features extracted from both spatial and temporal domains. In this paper, we suggest an adaptive local-global refinement framework for VSOD. Different from previous approaches, we propose a local refinement architecture and a global one to refine the simply fused features with different scopes, which can fully explore the local dependence and the global dependence of multi-level features. In addition, to emphasize the effective information and suppress the useless one, an adaptive weighting mechanism is designed based on graph convolutional neural network (GCN). We show that our weighting methodology can further exploit the feature correlations, thus driving the network to learn more discriminative feature representation. Extensive experimental results on public video datasets demonstrate the superiority of our method over the existing ones.      
### 22.Hand Gesture Recognition Based on a Nonconvex Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14349.pdf)
>  Recognition of hand gestures is one of the most fundamental tasks in human-robot interaction. Sparse representation based methods have been widely used due to their efficiency and low requirements on the training data. Recently, nonconvex regularization techniques including the $\ell_{1-2}$ regularization have been proposed in the image processing community to promote sparsity while achieving efficient performance. In this paper, we propose a vision-based hand gesture recognition model based on the $\ell_{1-2}$ regularization, which is solved by the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM). Numerical experiments on binary and gray-scale data sets have shown the effectiveness of this method in identifying hand gestures.      
### 23.Emerging Properties in Self-Supervised Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14294.pdf)
>  In this paper, we question if self-supervised learning provides new properties to Vision Transformer (ViT) that stand out compared to convolutional networks (convnets). Beyond the fact that adapting self-supervised methods to this architecture works particularly well, we make the following observations: first, self-supervised ViT features contain explicit information about the semantic segmentation of an image, which does not emerge as clearly with supervised ViTs, nor with convnets. Second, these features are also excellent k-NN classifiers, reaching 78.3% top-1 on ImageNet with a small ViT. Our study also underlines the importance of momentum encoder, multi-crop training, and the use of small patches with ViTs. We implement our findings into a simple self-supervised method, called DINO, which we interpret as a form of self-distillation with no labels. We show the synergy between DINO and ViTs by achieving 80.1% top-1 on ImageNet in linear evaluation with ViT-Base.      
### 24.Relevance Detection in Cataract Surgery Videos by Spatio-Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14280.pdf)
>  In cataract surgery, the operation is performed with the help of a microscope. Since the microscope enables watching real-time surgery by up to two people only, a major part of surgical training is conducted using the recorded videos. To optimize the training procedure with the video content, the surgeons require an automatic relevance detection approach. In addition to relevance-based retrieval, these results can be further used for skill assessment and irregularity detection in cataract surgery videos. In this paper, a three-module framework is proposed to detect and classify the relevant phase segments in cataract videos. Taking advantage of an idle frame recognition network, the video is divided into idle and action segments. To boost the performance in relevance detection, the cornea where the relevant surgical actions are conducted is detected in all frames using Mask R-CNN. The spatiotemporally localized segments containing higher-resolution information about the pupil texture and actions, and complementary temporal information from the same phase are fed into the relevance detection module. This module consists of four parallel recurrent CNNs being responsible to detect four relevant phases that have been defined with medical experts. The results will then be integrated to classify the action phases as irrelevant or one of four relevant phases. Experimental results reveal that the proposed approach outperforms static CNNs and different configurations of feature-based and end-to-end recurrent networks.      
### 25.Current Status and Performance Analysis of Table Recognition in Document Images with Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14272.pdf)
>  The first phase of table recognition is to detect the tabular area in a document. Subsequently, the tabular structures are recognized in the second phase in order to extract information from the respective cells. Table detection and structural recognition are pivotal problems in the domain of table understanding. However, table analysis is a perplexing task due to the colossal amount of diversity and asymmetry in tables. Therefore, it is an active area of research in document image analysis. Recent advances in the computing capabilities of graphical processing units have enabled deep neural networks to outperform traditional state-of-the-art machine learning methods. Table understanding has substantially benefited from the recent breakthroughs in deep neural networks. However, there has not been a consolidated description of the deep learning methods for table detection and table structure recognition. This review paper provides a thorough analysis of the modern methodologies that utilize deep neural networks. This work provided a thorough understanding of the current state-of-the-art and related challenges of table understanding in document images. Furthermore, the leading datasets and their intricacies have been elaborated along with the quantitative results. Moreover, a brief overview is given regarding the promising directions that can serve as a guide to further improve table analysis in document images.      
### 26.TabAug: Data Driven Augmentation for Enhanced Table Structure Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14237.pdf)
>  Table Structure Recognition is an essential part of end-to-end tabular data extraction in document images. The recent success of deep learning model architectures in computer vision remains to be non-reflective in table structure recognition, largely because extensive datasets for this domain are still unavailable while labeling new data is expensive and time-consuming. Traditionally, in computer vision, these challenges are addressed by standard augmentation techniques that are based on image transformations like color jittering and random cropping. As demonstrated by our experiments, these techniques are not effective for the task of table structure recognition. In this paper, we propose TabAug, a re-imagined Data Augmentation technique that produces structural changes in table images through replication and deletion of rows and columns. It also consists of a data-driven probabilistic model that allows control over the augmentation process. To demonstrate the efficacy of our approach, we perform experimentation on ICDAR 2013 dataset where our approach shows consistent improvements in all aspects of the evaluation metrics, with cell-level correct detections improving from 92.16% to 96.11% over the baseline.      
### 27.Learning Multi-Attention Context Graph for Group-Based Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14236.pdf)
>  Learning to re-identify or retrieve a group of people across non-overlapped camera systems has important applications in video surveillance. However, most existing methods focus on (single) person re-identification (re-id), ignoring the fact that people often walk in groups in real scenarios. In this work, we take a step further and consider employing context information for identifying groups of people, i.e., group re-id. We propose a novel unified framework based on graph neural networks to simultaneously address the group-based re-id tasks, i.e., group re-id and group-aware person re-id. Specifically, we construct a context graph with group members as its nodes to exploit dependencies among different people. A multi-level attention mechanism is developed to formulate both intra-group and inter-group context, with an additional self-attention module for robust graph-level representations by attentively aggregating node-level features. The proposed model can be directly generalized to tackle group-aware person re-id using node-level representations. Meanwhile, to facilitate the deployment of deep learning models on these tasks, we build a new group re-id dataset that contains more than 3.8K images with 1.5K annotated groups, an order of magnitude larger than existing group re-id datasets. Extensive experiments on the novel dataset as well as three existing datasets clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework for both group-based re-id tasks. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/daodaofr/group_reid" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.Privacy-Preserving Portrait Matting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14222.pdf)
>  Recently, there has been an increasing concern about the privacy issue raised by using personally identifiable information in machine learning. However, previous portrait matting methods were all based on identifiable portrait images. To fill the gap, we present P3M-10k in this paper, which is the first large-scale anonymized benchmark for Privacy-Preserving Portrait Matting. P3M-10k consists of 10,000 high-resolution face-blurred portrait images along with high-quality alpha mattes. We systematically evaluate both trimap-free and trimap-based matting methods on P3M-10k and find that existing matting methods show different generalization capabilities when following the Privacy-Preserving Training (PPT) setting, i.e., "training on face-blurred images and testing on arbitrary images". To devise a better trimap-free portrait matting model, we propose P3M-Net, which leverages the power of a unified framework for both semantic perception and detail matting, and specifically emphasizes the interaction between them and the encoder to facilitate the matting process. Extensive experiments on P3M-10k demonstrate that P3M-Net outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both objective metrics and subjective visual quality. Besides, it shows good generalization capacity under the PPT setting, confirming the value of P3M-10k for facilitating future research and enabling potential real-world applications. The source code and dataset will be made publicly available.      
### 29.Segmentation-grounded Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14207.pdf)
>  Scene graph generation has emerged as an important problem in computer vision. While scene graphs provide a grounded representation of objects, their locations and relations in an image, they do so only at the granularity of proposal bounding boxes. In this work, we propose the first, to our knowledge, framework for pixel-level segmentation-grounded scene graph generation. Our framework is agnostic to the underlying scene graph generation method and address the lack of segmentation annotations in target scene graph datasets (e.g., Visual Genome) through transfer and multi-task learning from, and with, an auxiliary dataset (e.g., MS COCO). Specifically, each target object being detected is endowed with a segmentation mask, which is expressed as a lingual-similarity weighted linear combination over categories that have annotations present in an auxiliary dataset. These inferred masks, along with a novel Gaussian attention mechanism which grounds the relations at a pixel-level within the image, allow for improved relation prediction. The entire framework is end-to-end trainable and is learned in a multi-task manner with both target and auxiliary datasets.      
### 30.ELSD: Efficient Line Segment Detector and Descriptor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14205.pdf)
>  We present the novel Efficient Line Segment Detector and Descriptor (ELSD) to simultaneously detect line segments and extract their descriptors in an image. Unlike the traditional pipelines that conduct detection and description separately, ELSD utilizes a shared feature extractor for both detection and description, to provide the essential line features to the higher-level tasks like SLAM and image matching in real time. First, we design the one-stage compact model, and propose to use the mid-point, angle and length as the minimal representation of line segment, which also guarantees the center-symmetry. The non-centerness suppression is proposed to filter out the fragmented line segments caused by lines' intersections. The fine offset prediction is designed to refine the mid-point localization. Second, the line descriptor branch is integrated with the detector branch, and the two branches are jointly trained in an end-to-end manner. In the experiments, the proposed ELSD achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the Wireframe dataset and YorkUrban dataset, in both accuracy and efficiency. The line description ability of ELSD also outperforms the previous works on the line matching task.      
### 31.Rethinking Ensemble-Distillation for Semantic Segmentation Based Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14203.pdf)
>  Recent researches on unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) have demonstrated that end-to-end ensemble learning frameworks serve as a compelling option for UDA tasks. Nevertheless, these end-to-end ensemble learning methods often lack flexibility as any modification to the ensemble requires retraining of their frameworks. To address this problem, we propose a flexible ensemble-distillation framework for performing semantic segmentation based UDA, allowing any arbitrary composition of the members in the ensemble while still maintaining its superior performance. To achieve such flexibility, our framework is designed to be robust against the output inconsistency and the performance variation of the members within the ensemble. To examine the effectiveness and the robustness of our method, we perform an extensive set of experiments on both GTA5 to Cityscapes and SYNTHIA to Cityscapes benchmarks to quantitatively inspect the improvements achievable by our method. We further provide detailed analyses to validate that our design choices are practical and beneficial. The experimental evidence validates that the proposed method indeed offer superior performance, robustness and flexibility in semantic segmentation based UDA tasks against contemporary baseline methods.      
### 32.Bayesian Deep Networks for Supervised Single-View Depth Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14202.pdf)
>  Uncertainty quantification is a key aspect in robotic perception, as overconfident or point estimators can lead to collisions and damages to the environment and the robot. In this paper, we evaluate scalable approaches to uncertainty quantification in single-view supervised depth learning, specifically MC dropout and deep ensembles. For MC dropout, in particular, we explore the effect of the dropout at different levels in the architecture. We demonstrate that adding dropout in the encoder leads to better results than adding it in the decoder, the latest being the usual approach in the literature for similar problems. We also propose the use of depth uncertainty in the application of pseudo-RGBD ICP and demonstrate its potential for improving the accuracy in such a task.      
### 33.Using Adaptive Gradient for Texture Learning in Single-View 3D Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14169.pdf)
>  Recently, learning-based approaches for 3D model reconstruction have attracted attention owing to its modern applications such as Extended Reality(XR), robotics and self-driving cars. Several approaches presented good performance on reconstructing 3D shapes by learning solely from images, i.e., without using 3D models in training. Challenges, however, remain in texture generation due to the gap between 2D and 3D modals. In previous work, the grid sampling mechanism from Spatial Transformer Networks was adopted to sample color from an input image to formulate texture. Despite its success, the existing framework has limitations on searching scope in sampling, resulting in flaws in generated texture and consequentially on rendered 3D models. In this paper, to solve that issue, we present a novel sampling algorithm by optimizing the gradient of predicted coordinates based on the variance on the sampling image. Taking into account the semantics of the image, we adopt Frechet Inception Distance (FID) to form a loss function in learning, which helps bridging the gap between rendered images and input images. As a result, we greatly improve generated texture. Furthermore, to optimize 3D shape reconstruction and to accelerate convergence at training, we adopt part segmentation and template learning in our model. Without any 3D supervision in learning, and with only a collection of single-view 2D images, the shape and texture learned by our model outperform those from previous work. We demonstrate the performance with experimental results on a publically available dataset.      
### 34.Action Unit Memory Network for Weakly Supervised Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14135.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised temporal action localization aims to detect and localize actions in untrimmed videos with only video-level labels during training. However, without frame-level annotations, it is challenging to achieve localization completeness and relieve background interference. In this paper, we present an Action Unit Memory Network (AUMN) for weakly supervised temporal action localization, which can mitigate the above two challenges by learning an action unit memory bank. In the proposed AUMN, two attention modules are designed to update the memory bank adaptively and learn action units specific classifiers. Furthermore, three effective mechanisms (diversity, homogeneity and sparsity) are designed to guide the updating of the memory network. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to explicitly model the action units with a memory network. Extensive experimental results on two standard benchmarks (THUMOS14 and ActivityNet) demonstrate that our AUMN performs favorably against state-of-the-art methods. Specifically, the average mAP of IoU thresholds from 0.1 to 0.5 on the THUMOS14 dataset is significantly improved from 47.0% to 52.1%.      
### 35.Learning Actor-centered Representations for Action Localization in Streaming Videos using Predictive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14131.pdf)
>  Event perception tasks such as recognizing and localizing actions in streaming videos are essential for tackling visual understanding tasks. Progress has primarily been driven by the use of large-scale, annotated training data in a supervised manner. In this work, we tackle the problem of learning \textit{actor-centered} representations through the notion of continual hierarchical predictive learning to localize actions in streaming videos without any training annotations. Inspired by cognitive theories of event perception, we propose a novel, self-supervised framework driven by the notion of hierarchical predictive learning to construct actor-centered features by attention-based contextualization. Extensive experiments on three benchmark datasets show that the approach can learn robust representations for localizing actions using only one epoch of training, i.e., we train the model continually in streaming fashion - one frame at a time, with a single pass through training videos. We show that the proposed approach outperforms unsupervised and weakly supervised baselines while offering competitive performance to fully supervised approaches. Finally, we show that the proposed model can generalize to out-of-domain data without significant loss in performance without any finetuning for both the recognition and localization tasks.      
### 36.Locality Constrained Analysis Dictionary Learning via K-SVD Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14130.pdf)
>  Recent years, analysis dictionary learning (ADL) and its applications for classification have been well developed, due to its flexible projective ability and low classification complexity. With the learned analysis dictionary, test samples can be transformed into a sparse subspace for classification efficiently. However, the underling locality of sample data has rarely been explored in analysis dictionary to enhance the discriminative capability of the classifier. In this paper, we propose a novel locality constrained analysis dictionary learning model with a synthesis K-SVD algorithm (SK-LADL). It considers the intrinsic geometric properties by imposing graph regularization to uncover the geometric structure for the image data. Through the learned analysis dictionary, we transform the image to a new and compact space where the manifold assumption can be further guaranteed. thus, the local geometrical structure of images can be preserved in sparse representation coefficients. Moreover, the SK-LADL model is iteratively solved by the synthesis K-SVD and gradient technique. Experimental results on image classification validate the performance superiority of our SK-LADL model.      
### 37.CASSOD-Net: Cascaded and Separable Structures of Dilated Convolution for Embedded Vision Systems and Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14126.pdf)
>  The field of view (FOV) of convolutional neural networks is highly related to the accuracy of inference. Dilated convolutions are known as an effective solution to the problems which require large FOVs. However, for general-purpose hardware or dedicated hardware, it usually takes extra time to handle dilated convolutions compared with standard convolutions. In this paper, we propose a network module, Cascaded and Separable Structure of Dilated (CASSOD) Convolution, and a special hardware system to handle the CASSOD networks efficiently. A CASSOD-Net includes multiple cascaded $2 \times 2$ dilated filters, which can be used to replace the traditional $3 \times 3$ dilated filters without decreasing the accuracy of inference. Two example applications, face detection and image segmentation, are tested with dilated convolutions and the proposed CASSOD modules. The new network for face detection achieves higher accuracy than the previous work with only 47% of filter weights in the dilated convolution layers of the context module. Moreover, the proposed hardware system can accelerate the computations of dilated convolutions, and it is 2.78 times faster than traditional hardware systems when the filter size is $3 \times 3$.      
### 38.Hardware Architecture of Embedded Inference Accelerator and Analysis of Algorithms for Depthwise and Large-Kernel Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14125.pdf)
>  In order to handle modern convolutional neural networks (CNNs) efficiently, a hardware architecture of CNN inference accelerator is proposed to handle depthwise convolutions and regular convolutions, which are both essential building blocks for embedded-computer-vision algorithms. Different from related works, the proposed architecture can support filter kernels with different sizes with high flexibility since it does not require extra costs for intra-kernel parallelism, and it can generate convolution results faster than the architecture of the related works. The experimental results show the importance of supporting depthwise convolutions and dilated convolutions with the proposed hardware architecture. In addition to depthwise convolutions with large-kernels, a new structure called DDC layer, which includes the combination of depthwise convolutions and dilated convolutions, is also analyzed in this paper. For face detection, the computational costs decrease by 30%, and the model size decreases by 20% when the DDC layers are applied to the network. For image classification, the accuracy is increased by 1% by simply replacing $3 \times 3$ filters with $5 \times 5$ filters in depthwise convolutions.      
### 39.Condensation-Net: Memory-Efficient Network Architecture with Cross-Channel Pooling Layers and Virtual Feature Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14124.pdf)
>  "Lightweight convolutional neural networks" is an important research topic in the field of embedded vision. To implement image recognition tasks on a resource-limited hardware platform, it is necessary to reduce the memory size and the computational cost. The contribution of this paper is stated as follows. First, we propose an algorithm to process a specific network architecture (Condensation-Net) without increasing the maximum memory storage for feature maps. The architecture for virtual feature maps saves 26.5% of memory bandwidth by calculating the results of cross-channel pooling before storing the feature map into the memory. Second, we show that cross-channel pooling can improve the accuracy of object detection tasks, such as face detection, because it increases the number of filter weights. Compared with Tiny-YOLOv2, the improvement of accuracy is 2.0% for quantized networks and 1.5% for full-precision networks when the false-positive rate is 0.1. Last but not the least, the analysis results show that the overhead to support the cross-channel pooling with the proposed hardware architecture is negligible small. The extra memory cost to support Condensation-Net is 0.2% of the total size, and the extra gate count is only 1.0% of the total size.      
### 40.Decoupled Dynamic Filter Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14107.pdf)
>  Convolution is one of the basic building blocks of CNN architectures. Despite its common use, standard convolution has two main shortcomings: Content-agnostic and Computation-heavy. Dynamic filters are content-adaptive, while further increasing the computational overhead. Depth-wise convolution is a lightweight variant, but it usually leads to a drop in CNN performance or requires a larger number of channels. In this work, we propose the Decoupled Dynamic Filter (DDF) that can simultaneously tackle both of these shortcomings. Inspired by recent advances in attention, DDF decouples a depth-wise dynamic filter into spatial and channel dynamic filters. This decomposition considerably reduces the number of parameters and limits computational costs to the same level as depth-wise convolution. Meanwhile, we observe a significant boost in performance when replacing standard convolution with DDF in classification networks. ResNet50 / 101 get improved by 1.9% and 1.3% on the top-1 accuracy, while their computational costs are reduced by nearly half. Experiments on the detection and joint upsampling networks also demonstrate the superior performance of the DDF upsampling variant (DDF-Up) in comparison with standard convolution and specialized content-adaptive layers.      
### 41.Bridge to Answer: Structure-aware Graph Interaction Network for Video Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14085.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel method, termed Bridge to Answer, to infer correct answers for questions about a given video by leveraging adequate graph interactions of heterogeneous crossmodal graphs. To realize this, we learn question conditioned visual graphs by exploiting the relation between video and question to enable each visual node using question-to-visual interactions to encompass both visual and linguistic cues. In addition, we propose bridged visual-to-visual interactions to incorporate two complementary visual information on appearance and motion by placing the question graph as an intermediate bridge. This bridged architecture allows reliable message passing through compositional semantics of the question to generate an appropriate answer. As a result, our method can learn the question conditioned visual representations attributed to appearance and motion that show powerful capability for video question answering. Extensive experiments prove that the proposed method provides effective and superior performance than state-of-the-art methods on several benchmarks.      
### 42.Pseudo-IoU: Improving Label Assignment in Anchor-Free Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14082.pdf)
>  Current anchor-free object detectors are quite simple and effective yet lack accurate label assignment methods, which limits their potential in competing with classic anchor-based models that are supported by well-designed assignment methods based on the Intersection-over-Union~(IoU) metric. In this paper, we present \textbf{Pseudo-Intersection-over-Union~(Pseudo-IoU)}: a simple metric that brings more standardized and accurate assignment rule into anchor-free object detection frameworks without any additional computational cost or extra parameters for training and testing, making it possible to further improve anchor-free object detection by utilizing training samples of good quality under effective assignment rules that have been previously applied in anchor-based methods. By incorporating Pseudo-IoU metric into an end-to-end single-stage anchor-free object detection framework, we observe consistent improvements in their performance on general object detection benchmarks such as PASCAL VOC and MSCOCO. Our method (single-model and single-scale) also achieves comparable performance to other recent state-of-the-art anchor-free methods without bells and whistles. Our code is based on mmdetection toolbox and will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SHI-Labs/Pseudo-IoU-for-Anchor-Free-Object-Detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 43.Maneuver-Aware Pooling for Vehicle Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14079.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles should be able to predict the future states of its environment and respond appropriately. Specifically, predicting the behavior of surrounding human drivers is vital for such platforms to share the same road with humans. Behavior of each of the surrounding vehicles is governed by the motion of its neighbor vehicles. This paper focuses on predicting the behavior of the surrounding vehicles of an autonomous vehicle on highways. We are motivated by improving the prediction accuracy when a surrounding vehicle performs lane change and highway merging maneuvers. We propose a novel pooling strategy to capture the inter-dependencies between the neighbor vehicles. Depending solely on Euclidean trajectory representation, the existing pooling strategies do not model the context information of the maneuvers intended by a surrounding vehicle. In contrast, our pooling mechanism employs polar trajectory representation, vehicles orientation and radial velocity. This results in an implicitly maneuver-aware pooling operation. We incorporated the proposed pooling mechanism into a generative encoder-decoder model, and evaluated our method on the public NGSIM dataset. The results of maneuver-based trajectory predictions demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method compared with the state-of-the-art approaches. Our "Pooling Toolbox" code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/m-hasan-n/pooling" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.EPP-Net: Extreme-Point-Prediction-Based Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14066.pdf)
>  Object detection can be regarded as a pixel clustering task, and its boundary is determined by four extreme points (leftmost, top, rightmost, and bottom). However, most studies focus on the center or corner points of the object, which are actually conditional results of the extreme points. In this paper, we present a new anchor-free dense object detector, which directly regresses the relative displacement vector between each pixel and the four extreme points. We also propose a new metric to measure the similarity between two groups of extreme points, namely, Extreme Intersection over Union (EIoU), and incorporate this EIoU as a new regression loss. Moreover, we propose a novel branch to predict the EIoU between the ground-truth and the prediction results, and combine it with the classification confidence as the ranking keyword in non-maximum suppression. On the MS-COCO dataset, our method achieves an average precision (AP) of 39.3% with ResNet-50 and an AP of 48.3% with ResNeXt-101-DCN. The proposed EPP-Net provides a new method to detect objects and outperforms state-of-the-art anchor-free detectors.      
### 45.Weather and Light Level Classification for Autonomous Driving: Dataset, Baseline and Active Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14042.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving is rapidly advancing, and Level 2 functions are becoming a standard feature. One of the foremost outstanding hurdles is to obtain robust visual perception in harsh weather and low light conditions where accuracy degradation is severe. It is critical to have a weather classification model to decrease visual perception confidence during these scenarios. Thus, we have built a new dataset for weather (fog, rain, and snow) classification and light level (bright, moderate, and low) classification. Furthermore, we provide street type (asphalt, grass, and cobblestone) classification, leading to 9 labels. Each image has three labels corresponding to weather, light level, and street type. We recorded the data utilizing an industrial front camera of RCCC (red/clear) format with a resolution of $1024\times1084$. We collected 15k video sequences and sampled 60k images. We implement an active learning framework to reduce the dataset's redundancy and find the optimal set of frames for training a model. We distilled the 60k images further to 1.1k images, which will be shared publicly after privacy anonymization. There is no public dataset for weather and light level classification focused on autonomous driving to the best of our knowledge. The baseline ResNet18 network used for weather classification achieves state-of-the-art results in two non-automotive weather classification public datasets but significantly lower accuracy on our proposed dataset, demonstrating it is not saturated and needs further research.      
### 46.Pushing it out of the Way: Interactive Visual Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14040.pdf)
>  We have observed significant progress in visual navigation for embodied agents. A common assumption in studying visual navigation is that the environments are static; this is a limiting assumption. Intelligent navigation may involve interacting with the environment beyond just moving forward/backward and turning left/right. Sometimes, the best way to navigate is to push something out of the way. In this paper, we study the problem of interactive navigation where agents learn to change the environment to navigate more efficiently to their goals. To this end, we introduce the Neural Interaction Engine (NIE) to explicitly predict the change in the environment caused by the agent's actions. By modeling the changes while planning, we find that agents exhibit significant improvements in their navigational capabilities. More specifically, we consider two downstream tasks in the physics-enabled, visually rich, AI2-THOR environment: (1) reaching a target while the path to the target is blocked (2) moving an object to a target location by pushing it. For both tasks, agents equipped with an NIE significantly outperform agents without the understanding of the effect of the actions indicating the benefits of our approach.      
### 47.Randomized Histogram Matching: A Simple Augmentation for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Overhead Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14032.pdf)
>  Modern deep neural networks (DNNs) achieve highly accurate results for many recognition tasks on overhead (e.g., satellite) imagery. One challenge however is visual domain shifts (i.e., statistical changes), which can cause the accuracy of DNNs to degrade substantially and unpredictably when tested on new sets of imagery. In this work we model domain shifts caused by variations in imaging hardware, lighting, and other conditions as non-linear pixel-wise transformations; and we show that modern DNNs can become largely invariant to these types of transformations, if provided with appropriate training data augmentation. In general, however, we do not know the transformation between two sets of imagery. To overcome this problem, we propose a simple real-time unsupervised training augmentation technique, termed randomized histogram matching (RHM). We conduct experiments with two large public benchmark datasets for building segmentation and find that RHM consistently yields comparable performance to recent state-of-the-art unsupervised domain adaptation approaches despite being simpler and faster. RHM also offers substantially better performance than other comparably simple approaches that are widely-used in overhead imagery.      
### 48.Reducing Risk and Uncertainty of Deep Neural Networks on Diagnosing COVID-19 Infection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14029.pdf)
>  Effective and reliable screening of patients via Computer-Aided Diagnosis can play a crucial part in the battle against COVID-19. Most of the existing works focus on developing sophisticated methods yielding high detection performance, yet not addressing the issue of predictive uncertainty. In this work, we introduce uncertainty estimation to detect confusing cases for expert referral to address the unreliability of state-of-the-art (SOTA) DNNs on COVID-19 detection. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to address this issue on the COVID-19 detection problem. In this work, we investigate a number of SOTA uncertainty estimation methods on publicly available COVID dataset and present our experimental findings. In collaboration with medical professionals, we further validate the results to ensure the viability of the best performing method in clinical practice.      
### 49.Interaction-GCN: a Graph Convolutional Network based framework for social interaction recognition in egocentric videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14007.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a new framework to categorize social interactions in egocentric videos, we named InteractionGCN. Our method extracts patterns of relational and non-relational cues at the frame level and uses them to build a relational graph from which the interactional context at the frame level is estimated via a Graph Convolutional Network based approach. Then it propagates this context over time, together with first-person motion information, through a Gated Recurrent Unit architecture. Ablation studies and experimental evaluation on two publicly available datasets validate the proposed approach and establish state of the art results.      
### 50.EmergencyNet: Efficient Aerial Image Classification for Drone-Based Emergency Monitoring Using Atrous Convolutional Feature Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14006.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based algorithms can provide state-of-the-art accuracy for remote sensing technologies such as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs)/drones, potentially enhancing their remote sensing capabilities for many emergency response and disaster management applications. In particular, UAVs equipped with camera sensors can operating in remote and difficult to access disaster-stricken areas, analyze the image and alert in the presence of various calamities such as collapsed buildings, flood, or fire in order to faster mitigate their effects on the environment and on human population. However, the integration of deep learning introduces heavy computational requirements, preventing the deployment of such deep neural networks in many scenarios that impose low-latency constraints on inference, in order to make mission-critical decisions in real time. To this end, this article focuses on the efficient aerial image classification from on-board a UAV for emergency response/monitoring applications. Specifically, a dedicated Aerial Image Database for Emergency Response applications is introduced and a comparative analysis of existing approaches is performed. Through this analysis a lightweight convolutional neural network architecture is proposed, referred to as EmergencyNet, based on atrous convolutions to process multiresolution features and capable of running efficiently on low-power embedded platforms achieving upto 20x higher performance compared to existing models with minimal memory requirements with less than 1% accuracy drop compared to state-of-the-art models.      
### 51.Filter Distribution Templates in Convolutional Networks for Image Classification Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13993.pdf)
>  Neural network designers have reached progressive accuracy by increasing models depth, introducing new layer types and discovering new combinations of layers. A common element in many architectures is the distribution of the number of filters in each layer. Neural network models keep a pattern design of increasing filters in deeper layers such as those in LeNet, VGG, ResNet, MobileNet and even in automatic discovered architectures such as NASNet. It remains unknown if this pyramidal distribution of filters is the best for different tasks and constrains. In this work we present a series of modifications in the distribution of filters in four popular neural network models and their effects in accuracy and resource consumption. Results show that by applying this approach, some models improve up to 8.9% in accuracy showing reductions in parameters up to 54%.      
### 52.On the Importance of 3D Surface Information for Remote Sensing Classification Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13969.pdf)
>  There has been a surge in remote sensing machine learning applications that operate on data from active or passive sensors as well as multi-sensor combinations (Ma et al. (2019)). Despite this surge, however, there has been relatively little study on the comparative value of 3D surface information for machine learning classification tasks. Adding 3D surface information to RGB imagery can provide crucial geometric information for semantic classes such as buildings, and can thus improve out-of-sample predictive performance. In this paper, we examine in-sample and out-of-sample classification performance of Fully Convolutional Neural Networks (FCNNs) and Support Vector Machines (SVMs) trained with and without 3D normalized digital surface model (nDSM) information. We assess classification performance using multispectral imagery from the International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing (ISPRS) 2D Semantic Labeling contest and the United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) Urban 3D Challenge. We find that providing RGB classifiers with additional 3D nDSM information results in little increase in in-sample classification performance, suggesting that spectral information alone may be sufficient for the given classification tasks. However, we observe that providing these RGB classifiers with additional nDSM information leads to significant gains in out-of-sample predictive performance. Specifically, we observe an average improvement in out-of-sample all-class accuracy of 14.4% on the ISPRS dataset and an average improvement in out-of-sample F1 score of 8.6% on the USSOCOM dataset. In addition, the experiments establish that nDSM information is critical in machine learning and classification settings that face training sample scarcity.      
### 53.Semi-Supervised Learning of Visual Features by Non-Parametrically Predicting View Assignments with Support Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13963.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel method of learning by predicting view assignments with support samples (PAWS). The method trains a model to minimize a consistency loss, which ensures that different views of the same unlabeled instance are assigned similar pseudo-labels. The pseudo-labels are generated non-parametrically, by comparing the representations of the image views to those of a set of randomly sampled labeled images. The distance between the view representations and labeled representations is used to provide a weighting over class labels, which we interpret as a soft pseudo-label. By non-parametrically incorporating labeled samples in this way, PAWS extends the distance-metric loss used in self-supervised methods such as BYOL and SwAV to the semi-supervised setting. Despite the simplicity of the approach, PAWS outperforms other semi-supervised methods across architectures, setting a new state-of-the-art for a ResNet-50 on ImageNet trained with either 10% or 1% of the labels, reaching 75.5% and 66.5% top-1 respectively. PAWS requires 4x to 12x less training than the previous best methods.      
### 54.Motion-guided Non-local Spatial-Temporal Network for Video Crowd Counting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13946.pdf)
>  We study video crowd counting, which is to estimate the number of objects (people in this paper) in all the frames of a video sequence. Previous work on crowd counting is mostly on still images. There has been little work on how to properly extract and take advantage of the spatial-temporal correlation between neighboring frames in both short and long ranges to achieve high estimation accuracy for a video sequence. In this work, we propose Monet, a novel and highly accurate motion-guided non-local spatial-temporal network for video crowd counting. Monet first takes people flow (motion information) as guidance to coarsely segment the regions of pixels where a person may be. Given these regions, Monet then uses a non-local spatial-temporal network to extract spatial-temporally both short and long-range contextual information. The whole network is finally trained end-to-end with a fused loss to generate a high-quality density map. Noting the scarcity and low quality (in terms of resolution and scene diversity) of the publicly available video crowd datasets, we have collected and built a large-scale video crowd counting datasets, VidCrowd, to contribute to the community. VidCrowd contains 9,000 frames of high resolution (2560 x 1440), with 1,150,239 head annotations captured in different scenes, crowd density and lighting in two cities. We have conducted extensive experiments on the challenging VideoCrowd and two public video crowd counting datasets: UCSD and Mall. Our approach achieves substantially better performance in terms of MAE and MSE as compared with other state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 55.Automated System for Ship Detection from Medium Resolution Satellite Optical Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13923.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a ship detection pipeline for low-cost medium resolution satellite optical imagery obtained from ESA Sentinel-2 and Planet Labs Dove constellations. This optical satellite imagery is readily available for any place on Earth and underutilized in the maritime domain, compared to existing solutions based on synthetic-aperture radar (SAR) imagery. We developed a ship detection method based on a state-of-the-art deep-learning-based object detection method which was developed and evaluated on a large-scale dataset that was collected and automatically annotated with the help of Automatic Identification System (AIS) data.      
### 56.NURBS-Diff: A Differentiable NURBS Layer for Machine Learning CAD Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14547.pdf)
>  Recent deep-learning-based techniques for the reconstruction of geometries from different input representations such as images and point clouds have been instrumental in advancing research in geometric machine learning. Most of these techniques rely on a triangular mesh representation for representing the geometry, with very recent attempts in using B-splines. While Non-Uniform Rational B-splines (NURBS) are the de facto standard in the CAD industry, minimal efforts have been made to bridge the gap between deep-learning frameworks and the NURBS representation for geometry. The backbone of modern deep learning techniques is the use of a fully automatic differentiable definition for each mathematical operation to enable backpropagation of losses while training. In order to integrate the NURBS representation of CAD models with deep learning methods, we propose a differentiable NURBS layer for evaluating the curve or surface given a set of NURBS parameters. We have developed a NURBS layer defining the forward and backward pass required for automatic differentiation. Our implementation is GPU accelerated and is directly integrated with PyTorch, a popular deep learning framework. We demonstrate the efficacy of our NURBS layer by automatically incorporating it with the stochastic gradient descent algorithm and performing CAD operations such as curve or surface fitting and surface offsetting. Further, we show its utility in deep learning applications such as point cloud reconstruction and structural modeling and analysis of shell structures such as heart valves. These examples show that our layer has better performance for certain deep learning frameworks and can be directly integrated with any CAD deep-learning framework that require the use of NURBS.      
### 57.Explainable AI For COVID-19 CT Classifiers: An Initial Comparison Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14506.pdf)
>  Artificial Intelligence (AI) has made leapfrogs in development across all the industrial sectors especially when deep learning has been introduced. Deep learning helps to learn the behaviour of an entity through methods of recognising and interpreting patterns. Despite its limitless potential, the mystery is how deep learning algorithms make a decision in the first place. Explainable AI (XAI) is the key to unlocking AI and the black-box for deep learning. XAI is an AI model that is programmed to explain its goals, logic, and decision making so that the end users can understand. The end users can be domain experts, regulatory agencies, managers and executive board members, data scientists, users that use AI, with or without awareness, or someone who is affected by the decisions of an AI model. Chest CT has emerged as a valuable tool for the clinical diagnostic and treatment management of the lung diseases associated with COVID-19. AI can support rapid evaluation of CT scans to differentiate COVID-19 findings from other lung diseases. However, how these AI tools or deep learning algorithms reach such a decision and which are the most influential features derived from these neural networks with typically deep layers are not clear. The aim of this study is to propose and develop XAI strategies for COVID-19 classification models with an investigation of comparison. The results demonstrate promising quantification and qualitative visualisations that can further enhance the clinician's understanding and decision making with more granular information from the results given by the learned XAI models.      
### 58.Customizable Reference Runtime Monitoring of Neural Networks using Resolution Boxes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14435.pdf)
>  We present an approach for monitoring classification systems via data abstraction. Data abstraction relies on the notion of box with a resolution. Box-based abstraction consists in representing a set of values by its minimal and maximal values in each dimension. We augment boxes with a notion of resolution and define their clustering coverage, which is intuitively a quantitative metric that indicates the abstraction quality. This allows studying the effect of different clustering parameters on the constructed boxes and estimating an interval of sub-optimal parameters. Moreover, we automatically construct monitors that leverage both the correct and incorrect behaviors of a system. This allows checking the size of the monitor abstractions and analyzing the separability of the network. Monitors are obtained by combining the sub-monitors of each class of the system placed at some selected layers. Our experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our clustering coverage estimation and show how to assess the effectiveness and precision of monitors according to the selected clustering parameter and monitored layers.      
### 59.Do Feature Attribution Methods Correctly Attribute Features?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14403.pdf)
>  Feature attribution methods are exceedingly popular in interpretable machine learning. They aim to compute the attribution of each input feature to represent its importance, but there is no consensus on the definition of "attribution", leading to many competing methods with little systematic evaluation. The lack of attribution ground truth further complicates evaluation, which has to rely on proxy metrics. To address this, we propose a dataset modification procedure such that models trained on the new dataset have ground truth attribution available. We evaluate three methods: saliency maps, rationales, and attention. We identify their deficiencies and add a new perspective to the growing body of evidence questioning their correctness and reliability in the wild. Our evaluation approach is model-agnostic and can be used to assess future feature attribution method proposals as well. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YilunZhou/feature-attribution-evaluation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 60.A Smartphone based Application for Skin Cancer Classification Using Deep Learning with Clinical Images and Lesion Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14353.pdf)
>  Over the last decades, the incidence of skin cancer, melanoma and non-melanoma, has increased at a continuous rate. In particular for melanoma, the deadliest type of skin cancer, early detection is important to increase patient prognosis. Recently, deep neural networks (DNNs) have become viable to deal with skin cancer detection. In this work, we present a smartphone-based application to assist on skin cancer detection. This application is based on a Convolutional Neural Network(CNN) trained on clinical images and patients demographics, both collected from smartphones. Also, as skin cancer datasets are imbalanced, we present an approach, based on the mutation operator of Differential Evolution (DE) algorithm, to balance data. In this sense, beyond provides a flexible tool to assist doctors on skin cancer screening phase, the method obtains promising results with a balanced accuracy of 85% and a recall of 96%.      
### 61.ELF-VC: Efficient Learned Flexible-Rate Video Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14335.pdf)
>  While learned video codecs have demonstrated great promise, they have yet to achieve sufficient efficiency for practical deployment. In this work, we propose several novel ideas for learned video compression which allow for improved performance for the low-latency mode (I- and P-frames only) along with a considerable increase in computational efficiency. In this setting, for natural videos our approach compares favorably across the entire R-D curve under metrics PSNR, MS-SSIM and VMAF against all mainstream video standards (H.264, H.265, AV1) and all ML codecs. At the same time, our approach runs at least 5x faster and has fewer parameters than all ML codecs which report these figures. <br>Our contributions include a flexible-rate framework allowing a single model to cover a large and dense range of bitrates, at a negligible increase in computation and parameter count; an efficient backbone optimized for ML-based codecs; and a novel in-loop flow prediction scheme which leverages prior information towards more efficient compression. <br>We benchmark our method, which we call ELF-VC (Efficient, Learned and Flexible Video Coding) on popular video test sets UVG and MCL-JCV under metrics PSNR, MS-SSIM and VMAF. For example, on UVG under PSNR, it reduces the BD-rate by 44% against H.264, 26% against H.265, 15% against AV1, and 35% against the current best ML codec. At the same time, on an NVIDIA Titan V GPU our approach encodes/decodes VGA at 49/91 FPS, HD 720 at 19/35 FPS, and HD 1080 at 10/18 FPS.      
### 62.The entire network structure of Crossmodal Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14273.pdf)
>  Since the mapping relationship between definitized intra-interventional 2D X-ray and undefined pre-interventional 3D Computed Tomography(CT) is uncertain, auxiliary positioning devices or body markers, such as medical implants, are commonly used to determine this relationship. However, such approaches can not be widely used in clinical due to the complex realities. To determine the mapping relationship, and achieve a initializtion post estimation of human body without auxiliary equipment or markers, a cross-modal matching transformer network is proposed to matching 2D X-ray and 3D CT images directly. The proposed approach first deep learns skeletal features from 2D X-ray and 3D CT images. The features are then converted into 1D X-ray and CT representation vectors, which are combined using a multi-modal transformer. As a result, the well-trained network can directly predict the spatial correspondence between arbitrary 2D X-ray and 3D CT. The experimental results show that when combining our approach with the conventional approach, the achieved accuracy and speed can meet the basic clinical intervention needs, and it provides a new direction for intra-interventional registration.      
### 63.Radar-based Automotive Localization using Landmarks in a Multimodal Sensor Graph-based Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14156.pdf)
>  Highly automated driving functions currently often rely on a-priori knowledge from maps for planning and prediction in complex scenarios like cities. This makes map-relative localization an essential skill. In this paper, we address the problem of localization with automotive-grade radars, using a real-time graph-based SLAM approach. The system uses landmarks and odometry information as an abstraction layer. This way, besides radars, all kind of different sensor modalities including cameras and lidars can contribute. A single, semantic landmark map is used and maintained for all sensors. We implemented our approach using C++ and thoroughly tested it on data obtained with our test vehicles, comprising cars and trucks. Test scenarios include inner cities and industrial areas like container terminals. The experiments presented in this paper suggest that the approach is able to provide a precise and stable pose in structured environments, using radar data alone. The fusion of additional sensor information from cameras or lidars further boost performance, providing reliable semantic information needed for automated mapping.      
### 64.ActNN: Reducing Training Memory Footprint via 2-Bit Activation Compressed Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14129.pdf)
>  The increasing size of neural network models has been critical for improvements in their accuracy, but device memory is not growing at the same rate. This creates fundamental challenges for training neural networks within limited memory environments. In this work, we propose ActNN, a memory-efficient training framework that stores randomly quantized activations for back propagation. We prove the convergence of ActNN for general network architectures, and we characterize the impact of quantization on the convergence via an exact expression for the gradient variance. Using our theory, we propose novel mixed-precision quantization strategies that exploit the activation's heterogeneity across feature dimensions, samples, and layers. These techniques can be readily applied to existing dynamic graph frameworks, such as PyTorch, simply by substituting the layers. We evaluate ActNN on mainstream computer vision models for classification, detection, and segmentation tasks. On all these tasks, ActNN compresses the activation to 2 bits on average, with negligible accuracy loss. ActNN reduces the memory footprint of the activation by 12x, and it enables training with a 6.6x to 14x larger batch size.      
### 65.REGRAD: A Large-Scale Relational Grasp Dataset for Safe and Object-Specific Robotic Grasping in Clutter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14118.pdf)
>  Despite the impressive progress achieved in robust grasp detection, robots are not skilled in sophisticated grasping tasks (e.g. search and grasp a specific object in clutter). Such tasks involve not only grasping, but comprehensive perception of the visual world (e.g. the relationship between objects). Recently, the advanced deep learning techniques provide a promising way for understanding the high-level visual concepts. It encourages robotic researchers to explore solutions for such hard and complicated fields. However, deep learning usually means data-hungry. The lack of data severely limits the performance of deep-learning-based algorithms. In this paper, we present a new dataset named \regrad to sustain the modeling of relationships among objects and grasps. We collect the annotations of object poses, segmentations, grasps, and relationships in each image for comprehensive perception of grasping. Our dataset is collected in both forms of 2D images and 3D point clouds. Moreover, since all the data are generated automatically, users are free to import their own object models for the generation of as many data as they want. We have released our dataset and codes. A video that demonstrates the process of data generation is also available.      
### 66.An Automated Approach for Timely Diagnosis and Prognosis of Coronavirus Disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14116.pdf)
>  Since the outbreak of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19), most of the impacted patients have been diagnosed with high fever, dry cough, and soar throat leading to severe pneumonia. Hence, to date, the diagnosis of COVID-19 from lung imaging is proved to be a major evidence for early diagnosis of the disease. Although nucleic acid detection using real-time reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rRT-PCR) remains a gold standard for the detection of COVID-19, the proposed approach focuses on the automated diagnosis and prognosis of the disease from a non-contrast chest computed tomography (CT)scan for timely diagnosis and triage of the patient. The prognosis covers the quantification and assessment of the disease to help hospitals with the management and planning of crucial resources, such as medical staff, ventilators and intensive care units (ICUs) capacity. The approach utilises deep learning techniques for automated quantification of the severity of COVID-19 disease via measuring the area of multiple rounded ground-glass opacities (GGO) and consolidations in the periphery (CP) of the lungs and accumulating them to form a severity score. The severity of the disease can be correlated with the medicines prescribed during the triage to assess the effectiveness of the treatment. The proposed approach shows promising results where the classification model achieved 93% accuracy on hold-out data.      
### 67.Comparing Visual Reasoning in Humans and AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14102.pdf)
>  Recent advances in natural language processing and computer vision have led to AI models that interpret simple scenes at human levels. Yet, we do not have a complete understanding of how humans and AI models differ in their interpretation of more complex scenes. We created a dataset of complex scenes that contained human behaviors and social interactions. AI and humans had to describe the scenes with a sentence. We used a quantitative metric of similarity between scene descriptions of the AI/human and ground truth of five other human descriptions of each scene. Results show that the machine/human agreement scene descriptions are much lower than human/human agreement for our complex scenes. Using an experimental manipulation that occludes different spatial regions of the scenes, we assessed how machines and humans vary in utilizing regions of images to understand the scenes. Together, our results are a first step toward understanding how machines fall short of human visual reasoning with complex scenes depicting human behaviors.      
### 68.MeerCRAB: MeerLICHT Classification of Real and Bogus Transients using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13950.pdf)
>  Astronomers require efficient automated detection and classification pipelines when conducting large-scale surveys of the (optical) sky for variable and transient sources. Such pipelines are fundamentally important, as they permit rapid follow-up and analysis of those detections most likely to be of scientific value. We therefore present a deep learning pipeline based on the convolutional neural network architecture called $\texttt{MeerCRAB}$. It is designed to filter out the so called 'bogus' detections from true astrophysical sources in the transient detection pipeline of the MeerLICHT telescope. Optical candidates are described using a variety of 2D images and numerical features extracted from those images. The relationship between the input images and the target classes is unclear, since the ground truth is poorly defined and often the subject of debate. This makes it difficult to determine which source of information should be used to train a classification algorithm. We therefore used two methods for labelling our data (i) thresholding and (ii) latent class model approaches. We deployed variants of $\texttt{MeerCRAB}$ that employed different network architectures trained using different combinations of input images and training set choices, based on classification labels provided by volunteers. The deepest network worked best with an accuracy of 99.5$\%$ and Matthews correlation coefficient (MCC) value of 0.989. The best model was integrated to the MeerLICHT transient vetting pipeline, enabling the accurate and efficient classification of detected transients that allows researchers to select the most promising candidates for their research goals.      
