# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 6 Apr 2021
### 1.An Empirical Study of Training Self-Supervised Visual Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02057.pdf)
>  This paper does not describe a novel method. Instead, it studies a straightforward, incremental, yet must-know baseline given the recent progress in computer vision: self-supervised learning for Visual Transformers (ViT). While the training recipes for standard convolutional networks have been highly mature and robust, the recipes for ViT are yet to be built, especially in the self-supervised scenarios where training becomes more challenging. In this work, we go back to basics and investigate the effects of several fundamental components for training self-supervised ViT. We observe that instability is a major issue that degrades accuracy, and it can be hidden by apparently good results. We reveal that these results are indeed partial failure, and they can be improved when training is made more stable. We benchmark ViT results in MoCo v3 and several other self-supervised frameworks, with ablations in various aspects. We discuss the currently positive evidence as well as challenges and open questions. We hope that this work will provide useful data points and experience for future research.      
### 2.Generating Furry Cars: Disentangling Object Shape &amp; Appearance across Multiple Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02052.pdf)
>  We consider the novel task of learning disentangled representations of object shape and appearance across multiple domains (e.g., dogs and cars). The goal is to learn a generative model that learns an intermediate distribution, which borrows a subset of properties from each domain, enabling the generation of images that did not exist in any domain exclusively. This challenging problem requires an accurate disentanglement of object shape, appearance, and background from each domain, so that the appearance and shape factors from the two domains can be interchanged. We augment an existing approach that can disentangle factors within a single domain but struggles to do so across domains. Our key technical contribution is to represent object appearance with a differentiable histogram of visual features, and to optimize the generator so that two images with the same latent appearance factor but different latent shape factors produce similar histograms. On multiple multi-domain datasets, we demonstrate our method leads to accurate and consistent appearance and shape transfer across domains.      
### 3.Cyclic Co-Learning of Sounding Object Visual Grounding and Sound Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02026.pdf)
>  There are rich synchronized audio and visual events in our daily life. Inside the events, audio scenes are associated with the corresponding visual objects; meanwhile, sounding objects can indicate and help to separate their individual sounds in the audio track. Based on this observation, in this paper, we propose a cyclic co-learning (CCoL) paradigm that can jointly learn sounding object visual grounding and audio-visual sound separation in a unified framework. Concretely, we can leverage grounded object-sound relations to improve the results of sound separation. Meanwhile, benefiting from discriminative information from separated sounds, we improve training example sampling for sounding object grounding, which builds a co-learning cycle for the two tasks and makes them mutually beneficial. Extensive experiments show that the proposed framework outperforms the compared recent approaches on both tasks, and they can benefit from each other with our cyclic co-learning.      
### 4.Domain Generalization with MixStyle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02008.pdf)
>  Though convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have demonstrated remarkable ability in learning discriminative features, they often generalize poorly to unseen domains. Domain generalization aims to address this problem by learning from a set of source domains a model that is generalizable to any unseen domain. In this paper, a novel approach is proposed based on probabilistically mixing instance-level feature statistics of training samples across source domains. Our method, termed MixStyle, is motivated by the observation that visual domain is closely related to image style (e.g., photo vs.~sketch images). Such style information is captured by the bottom layers of a CNN where our proposed style-mixing takes place. Mixing styles of training instances results in novel domains being synthesized implicitly, which increase the domain diversity of the source domains, and hence the generalizability of the trained model. MixStyle fits into mini-batch training perfectly and is extremely easy to implement. The effectiveness of MixStyle is demonstrated on a wide range of tasks including category classification, instance retrieval and reinforcement learning.      
### 5.Can audio-visual integration strengthen robustness under multimodal attacks?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02000.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose to make a systematic study on machines multisensory perception under attacks. We use the audio-visual event recognition task against multimodal adversarial attacks as a proxy to investigate the robustness of audio-visual learning. We attack audio, visual, and both modalities to explore whether audio-visual integration still strengthens perception and how different fusion mechanisms affect the robustness of audio-visual models. For interpreting the multimodal interactions under attacks, we learn a weakly-supervised sound source visual localization model to localize sounding regions in videos. To mitigate multimodal attacks, we propose an audio-visual defense approach based on an audio-visual dissimilarity constraint and external feature memory banks. Extensive experiments demonstrate that audio-visual models are susceptible to multimodal adversarial attacks; audio-visual integration could decrease the model robustness rather than strengthen under multimodal attacks; even a weakly-supervised sound source visual localization model can be successfully fooled; our defense method can improve the invulnerability of audio-visual networks without significantly sacrificing clean model performance.      
### 6.HLA-Face: Joint High-Low Adaptation for Low Light Face Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01984.pdf)
>  Face detection in low light scenarios is challenging but vital to many practical applications, e.g., surveillance video, autonomous driving at night. Most existing face detectors heavily rely on extensive annotations, while collecting data is time-consuming and laborious. To reduce the burden of building new datasets for low light conditions, we make full use of existing normal light data and explore how to adapt face detectors from normal light to low light. The challenge of this task is that the gap between normal and low light is too huge and complex for both pixel-level and object-level. Therefore, most existing low-light enhancement and adaptation methods do not achieve desirable performance. To address the issue, we propose a joint High-Low Adaptation (HLA) framework. Through a bidirectional low-level adaptation and multi-task high-level adaptation scheme, our HLA-Face outperforms state-of-the-art methods even without using dark face labels for training. Our project is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://daooshee.github.io/HLA-Face-Website/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 7.Multi-Atlas Based Pathological Stratification of d-TGA Congenital Heart Disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01960.pdf)
>  One of the main sources of error in multi-atlas segmentation propagation approaches comes from the use of atlas databases that are morphologically dissimilar to the target image. In this work, we exploit the segmentation errors associated with poor atlas selection to build a computer aided diagnosis (CAD) system for pathological classification in post-operative dextro-transposition of the great arteries (d-TGA). The proposed approach extracts a set of features, which describe the quality of a segmentation, and introduces them into a logical decision tree that provides the final diagnosis. We have validated our method on a set of 60 whole heart MR images containing healthy cases and two different forms of post-operative d-TGA. The reported overall CAD system accuracy was of 93.33%.      
### 8.Robust Trust Region for Weakly Supervised Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01948.pdf)
>  Acquisition of training data for the standard semantic segmentation is expensive if requiring that each pixel is labeled. Yet, current methods significantly deteriorate in weakly supervised settings, e.g. where a fraction of pixels is labeled or when only image-level tags are available. It has been shown that regularized losses - originally developed for unsupervised low-level segmentation and representing geometric priors on pixel labels - can considerably improve the quality of weakly supervised training. However, many common priors require optimization stronger than gradient descent. Thus, such regularizers have limited applicability in deep learning. We propose a new robust trust region approach for regularized losses improving the state-of-the-art results. Our approach can be seen as a higher-order generalization of the classic chain rule. It allows neural network optimization to use strong low-level solvers for the corresponding regularizers, including discrete ones.      
### 9.Few-Cost Salient Object Detection with Adversarial-Paced Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01928.pdf)
>  Detecting and segmenting salient objects from given image scenes has received great attention in recent years. A fundamental challenge in training the existing deep saliency detection models is the requirement of large amounts of annotated data. While gathering large quantities of training data becomes cheap and easy, annotating the data is an expensive process in terms of time, labor and human expertise. To address this problem, this paper proposes to learn the effective salient object detection model based on the manual annotation on a few training images only, thus dramatically alleviating human labor in training models. To this end, we name this task as the few-cost salient object detection and propose an adversarial-paced learning (APL)-based framework to facilitate the few-cost learning scenario. Essentially, APL is derived from the self-paced learning (SPL) regime but it infers the robust learning pace through the data-driven adversarial learning mechanism rather than the heuristic design of the learning regularizer. Comprehensive experiments on four widely-used benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed method can effectively approach to the existing supervised deep salient object detection models with only 1k human-annotated training images. The project page is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hb-stone/FC-SOD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Adaptive Prototype Learning and Allocation for Few-Shot Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01893.pdf)
>  Prototype learning is extensively used for few-shot segmentation. Typically, a single prototype is obtained from the support feature by averaging the global object information. However, using one prototype to represent all the information may lead to ambiguities. In this paper, we propose two novel modules, named superpixel-guided clustering (SGC) and guided prototype allocation (GPA), for multiple prototype extraction and allocation. Specifically, SGC is a parameter-free and training-free approach, which extracts more representative prototypes by aggregating similar feature vectors, while GPA is able to select matched prototypes to provide more accurate guidance. By integrating the SGC and GPA together, we propose the Adaptive Superpixel-guided Network (ASGNet), which is a lightweight model and adapts to object scale and shape variation. In addition, our network can easily generalize to k-shot segmentation with substantial improvement and no additional computational cost. In particular, our evaluations on COCO demonstrate that ASGNet surpasses the state-of-the-art method by 5% in 5-shot segmentation.      
### 11.Non-Homogeneous Haze Removal via Artificial Scene Prior and Bidimensional Graph Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01888.pdf)
>  Due to the lack of natural scene and haze prior information, it is greatly challenging to completely remove the haze from single image without distorting its visual content. Fortunately, the real-world haze usually presents non-homogeneous distribution, which provides us with many valuable clues in partial well-preserved regions. In this paper, we propose a Non-Homogeneous Haze Removal Network (NHRN) via artificial scene prior and bidimensional graph reasoning. Firstly, we employ the gamma correction iteratively to simulate artificial multiple shots under different exposure conditions, whose haze degrees are different and enrich the underlying scene prior. Secondly, beyond utilizing the local neighboring relationship, we build a bidimensional graph reasoning module to conduct non-local filtering in the spatial and channel dimensions of feature maps, which models their long-range dependency and propagates the natural scene prior between the well-preserved nodes and the nodes contaminated by haze. We evaluate our method on different benchmark datasets. The results demonstrate that our method achieves superior performance over many state-of-the-art algorithms for both the single image dehazing and hazy image understanding tasks.      
### 12.MetaHTR: Towards Writer-Adaptive Handwritten Text Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01876.pdf)
>  Handwritten Text Recognition (HTR) remains a challenging problem to date, largely due to the varying writing styles that exist amongst us. Prior works however generally operate with the assumption that there is a limited number of styles, most of which have already been captured by existing datasets. In this paper, we take a completely different perspective -- we work on the assumption that there is always a new style that is drastically different, and that we will only have very limited data during testing to perform adaptation. This results in a commercially viable solution -- the model has the best shot at adaptation being exposed to the new style, and the few samples nature makes it practical to implement. We achieve this via a novel meta-learning framework which exploits additional new-writer data through a support set, and outputs a writer-adapted model via single gradient step update, all during inference. We discover and leverage on the important insight that there exists few key characters per writer that exhibit relatively larger style discrepancies. For that, we additionally propose to meta-learn instance specific weights for a character-wise cross-entropy loss, which is specifically designed to work with the sequential nature of text data. Our writer-adaptive MetaHTR framework can be easily implemented on the top of most state-of-the-art HTR models. Experiments show an average performance gain of 5-7% can be obtained by observing very few new style data. We further demonstrate via a set of ablative studies the advantage of our meta design when compared with alternative adaption mechanisms.      
### 13.Lipstick ain't enough: Beyond Color Matching for In-the-Wild Makeup Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01867.pdf)
>  Makeup transfer is the task of applying on a source face the makeup style from a reference image. Real-life makeups are diverse and wild, which cover not only color-changing but also patterns, such as stickers, blushes, and jewelries. However, existing works overlooked the latter components and confined makeup transfer to color manipulation, focusing only on light makeup styles. In this work, we propose a holistic makeup transfer framework that can handle all the mentioned makeup components. It consists of an improved color transfer branch and a novel pattern transfer branch to learn all makeup properties, including color, shape, texture, and location. To train and evaluate such a system, we also introduce new makeup datasets for real and synthetic extreme makeup. Experimental results show that our framework achieves the state of the art performance on both light and extreme makeup styles. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VinAIResearch/CPM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.Task-Independent Knowledge Makes for Transferable Representations for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01832.pdf)
>  Generalized Zero-Shot Learning (GZSL) targets recognizing new categories by learning transferable image representations. Existing methods find that, by aligning image representations with corresponding semantic labels, the semantic-aligned representations can be transferred to unseen categories. However, supervised by only seen category labels, the learned semantic knowledge is highly task-specific, which makes image representations biased towards seen categories. In this paper, we propose a novel Dual-Contrastive Embedding Network (DCEN) that simultaneously learns task-specific and task-independent knowledge via semantic alignment and instance discrimination. First, DCEN leverages task labels to cluster representations of the same semantic category by cross-modal contrastive learning and exploring semantic-visual complementarity. Besides task-specific knowledge, DCEN then introduces task-independent knowledge by attracting representations of different views of the same image and repelling representations of different images. Compared to high-level seen category supervision, this instance discrimination supervision encourages DCEN to capture low-level visual knowledge, which is less biased toward seen categories and alleviates the representation bias. Consequently, the task-specific and task-independent knowledge jointly make for transferable representations of DCEN, which obtains averaged 4.1% improvement on four public benchmarks.      
### 15.Monocular 3D Multi-Person Pose Estimation by Integrating Top-Down and Bottom-Up Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01797.pdf)
>  In monocular video 3D multi-person pose estimation, inter-person occlusion and close interactions can cause human detection to be erroneous and human-joints grouping to be unreliable. Existing top-down methods rely on human detection and thus suffer from these problems. Existing bottom-up methods do not use human detection, but they process all persons at once at the same scale, causing them to be sensitive to multiple-persons scale variations. To address these challenges, we propose the integration of top-down and bottom-up approaches to exploit their strengths. Our top-down network estimates human joints from all persons instead of one in an image patch, making it robust to possible erroneous bounding boxes. Our bottom-up network incorporates human-detection based normalized heatmaps, allowing the network to be more robust in handling scale variations. Finally, the estimated 3D poses from the top-down and bottom-up networks are fed into our integration network for final 3D poses. Besides the integration of top-down and bottom-up networks, unlike existing pose discriminators that are designed solely for single person, and consequently cannot assess natural inter-person interactions, we propose a two-person pose discriminator that enforces natural two-person interactions. Lastly, we also apply a semi-supervised method to overcome the 3D ground-truth data scarcity. Our quantitative and qualitative evaluations show the effectiveness of our method compared to the state-of-the-art baselines.      
### 16.Hierarchical Pyramid Representations for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01792.pdf)
>  Understanding the context of complex and cluttered scenes is a challenging problem for semantic segmentation. However, it is difficult to model the context without prior and additional supervision because the scene's factors, such as the scale, shape, and appearance of objects, vary considerably in these scenes. To solve this, we propose to learn the structures of objects and the hierarchy among objects because context is based on these intrinsic properties. In this study, we design novel hierarchical, contextual, and multiscale pyramidal representations to capture the properties from an input image. Our key idea is the recursive segmentation in different hierarchical regions based on a predefined number of regions and the aggregation of the context in these regions. The aggregated contexts are used to predict the contextual relationship between the regions and partition the regions in the following hierarchical level. Finally, by constructing the pyramid representations from the recursively aggregated context, multiscale and hierarchical properties are attained. In the experiments, we confirmed that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance in PASCAL Context.      
### 17.BTS-Net: Bi-directional Transfer-and-Selection Network For RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01784.pdf)
>  Depth information has been proved beneficial in RGB-D salient object detection (SOD). However, depth maps obtained often suffer from low quality and inaccuracy. Most existing RGB-D SOD models have no cross-modal interactions or only have unidirectional interactions from depth to RGB in their encoder stages, which may lead to inaccurate encoder features when facing low quality depth. To address this limitation, we propose to conduct progressive bi-directional interactions as early in the encoder stage, yielding a novel bi-directional transfer-and-selection network named BTS-Net, which adopts a set of bi-directional transfer-and-selection (BTS) modules to purify features during encoding. Based on the resulting robust encoder features, we also design an effective light-weight group decoder to achieve accurate final saliency prediction. Comprehensive experiments on six widely used datasets demonstrate that BTS-Net surpasses 16 latest state-of-the-art approaches in terms of four key metrics.      
### 18.Reducing Racial Bias in Facial Age Prediction using Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01781.pdf)
>  We propose an approach for unsupervised domain adaptation for the task of estimating someone's age from a given face image. In order to avoid the propagation of racial bias in most publicly available face image datasets into the inefficacy of models trained on them, we perform domain adaptation to motivate the predictor to learn features that are invariant to ethnicity, enhancing the generalization performance across faces of people from different ethnic backgrounds. Exploiting the ordinality of age, we also impose ranking constraints on the prediction of the model and design our model such that it takes as input a pair of images, and outputs both the relative age difference and the rank of the first identity with respect to the other in terms of their ages. Furthermore, we implement Multi-Dimensional Scaling to retrieve absolute ages from the predicted age differences from as few as two labeled images from the domain to be adapted to. We experiment with a publicly available dataset with age labels, dividing it into subsets based on the ethnicity labels, and evaluating the performance of our approach on the data from an ethnicity different from the one that the model is trained on. Additionally, we impose a constraint to preserve the sanity of the predictions with respect to relative and absolute ages, and another to ensure the smoothness of the predictions with respect to the input. We experiment extensively and compare various domain adaptation approaches for the task of regression.      
### 19.Convolutional Neural Opacity Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01772.pdf)
>  Photo-realistic modeling and rendering of fuzzy objects with complex opacity are critical for numerous immersive VR/AR applications, but it suffers from strong view-dependent brightness, color. In this paper, we propose a novel scheme to generate opacity radiance fields with a convolutional neural renderer for fuzzy objects, which is the first to combine both explicit opacity supervision and convolutional mechanism into the neural radiance field framework so as to enable high-quality appearance and global consistent alpha mattes generation in arbitrary novel views. More specifically, we propose an efficient sampling strategy along with both the camera rays and image plane, which enables efficient radiance field sampling and learning in a patch-wise manner, as well as a novel volumetric feature integration scheme that generates per-patch hybrid feature embeddings to reconstruct the view-consistent fine-detailed appearance and opacity output. We further adopt a patch-wise adversarial training scheme to preserve both high-frequency appearance and opacity details in a self-supervised framework. We also introduce an effective multi-view image capture system to capture high-quality color and alpha maps for challenging fuzzy objects. Extensive experiments on existing and our new challenging fuzzy object dataset demonstrate that our method achieves photo-realistic, globally consistent, and fined detailed appearance and opacity free-viewpoint rendering for various fuzzy objects.      
### 20.GSECnet: Ground Segmentation of Point Clouds for Edge Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01766.pdf)
>  Ground segmentation of point clouds remains challenging because of the sparse and unordered data structure. This paper proposes the GSECnet - Ground Segmentation network for Edge Computing, an efficient ground segmentation framework of point clouds specifically designed to be deployable on a low-power edge computing unit. First, raw point clouds are converted into a discretization representation by pillarization. Afterward, features of points within pillars are fed into PointNet to get the corresponding pillars feature map. Then, a depthwise-separable U-Net with the attention module learns the classification from the pillars feature map with an enormously diminished model parameter size. Our proposed framework is evaluated on SemanticKITTI against both point-based and discretization-based state-of-the-art learning approaches, and achieves an excellent balance between high accuracy and low computing complexity. Remarkably, our framework achieves the inference runtime of 135.2 Hz on a desktop platform. Moreover, experiments verify that it is deployable on a low-power edge computing unit powered 10 watts only.      
### 21.3D Human Body Reshaping with Anthropometric Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01762.pdf)
>  Reshaping accurate and realistic 3D human bodies from anthropometric parameters (e.g., height, chest size, etc.) poses a fundamental challenge for person identification, online shopping and virtual reality. Existing approaches for creating such 3D shapes often suffer from complex measurement by range cameras or high-end scanners, which either involve heavy expense cost or result in low quality. However, these high-quality equipments limit existing approaches in real applications, because the equipments are not easily accessible for common users. In this paper, we have designed a 3D human body reshaping system by proposing a novel feature-selection-based local mapping technique, which enables automatic anthropometric parameter modeling for each body facet. Note that the proposed approach can leverage limited anthropometric parameters (i.e., 3-5 measurements) as input, which avoids complex measurement, and thus better user-friendly experience can be achieved in real scenarios. Specifically, the proposed reshaping model consists of three steps. First, we calculate full-body anthropometric parameters from limited user inputs by imputation technique, and thus essential anthropometric parameters for 3D body reshaping can be obtained. Second, we select the most relevant anthropometric parameters for each facet by adopting relevance masks, which are learned offline by the proposed local mapping technique. Third, we generate the 3D body meshes by mapping matrices, which are learned by linear regression from the selected parameters to mesh-based body representation. We conduct experiments by anthropomorphic evaluation and a user study from 68 volunteers. Experiments show the superior results of the proposed system in terms of mean reconstruction error against the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 22.Potential Convolution: Embedding Point Clouds into Potential Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01754.pdf)
>  Recently, various convolutions based on continuous or discrete kernels for point cloud processing have been widely studied, and achieve impressive performance in many applications, such as shape classification, scene segmentation and so on. However, they still suffer from some drawbacks. For continuous kernels, the inaccurate estimation of the kernel weights constitutes a bottleneck for further improving the performance; while for discrete ones, the kernels represented as the points located in the 3D space are lack of rich geometry information. In this work, rather than defining a continuous or discrete kernel, we directly embed convolutional kernels into the learnable potential fields, giving rise to potential convolution. It is convenient for us to define various potential functions for potential convolution which can generalize well to a wide range of tasks. Specifically, we provide two simple yet effective potential functions via point-wise convolution operations. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method, which achieves superior performance on the popular 3D shape classification and scene segmentation benchmarks compared with other state-of-the-art point convolution methods.      
### 23.Perceptual Indistinguishability-Net (PI-Net): Facial Image Obfuscation with Manipulable Semantics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01753.pdf)
>  With the growing use of camera devices, the industry has many image datasets that provide more opportunities for collaboration between the machine learning community and industry. However, the sensitive information in the datasets discourages data owners from releasing these datasets. Despite recent research devoted to removing sensitive information from images, they provide neither meaningful privacy-utility trade-off nor provable privacy guarantees. In this study, with the consideration of the perceptual similarity, we propose perceptual indistinguishability (PI) as a formal privacy notion particularly for images. We also propose PI-Net, a privacy-preserving mechanism that achieves image obfuscation with PI guarantee. Our study shows that PI-Net achieves significantly better privacy utility trade-off through public image data.      
### 24.A Video Is Worth Three Views: Trigeminal Transformers for Video-based Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01745.pdf)
>  Video-based person re-identification (Re-ID) aims to retrieve video sequences of the same person under non-overlapping cameras. Previous methods usually focus on limited views, such as spatial, temporal or spatial-temporal view, which lack of the observations in different feature domains. To capture richer perceptions and extract more comprehensive video representations, in this paper we propose a novel framework named Trigeminal Transformers (TMT) for video-based person Re-ID. More specifically, we design a trigeminal feature extractor to jointly transform raw video data into spatial, temporal and spatial-temporal domain. Besides, inspired by the great success of vision transformer, we introduce the transformer structure for video-based person Re-ID. In our work, three self-view transformers are proposed to exploit the relationships between local features for information enhancement in spatial, temporal and spatial-temporal domains. Moreover, a cross-view transformer is proposed to aggregate the multi-view features for comprehensive video representations. The experimental results indicate that our approach can achieve better performance than other state-of-the-art approaches on public Re-ID benchmarks. We will release the code for model reproduction.      
### 25.A Dual-Critic Reinforcement Learning Framework for Frame-level Bit Allocation in HEVC/H.265  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01735.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a dual-critic reinforcement learning (RL) framework to address the problem of frame-level bit allocation in HEVC/H.265. The objective is to minimize the distortion of a group of pictures (GOP) under a rate constraint. Previous RL-based methods tackle such a constrained optimization problem by maximizing a single reward function that often combines a distortion and a rate reward. However, the way how these rewards are combined is usually ad hoc and may not generalize well to various coding conditions and video sequences. To overcome this issue, we adapt the deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG) reinforcement learning algorithm for use with two critics, with one learning to predict the distortion reward and the other the rate reward. In particular, the distortion critic works to update the agent when the rate constraint is satisfied. By contrast, the rate critic makes the rate constraint a priority when the agent goes over the bit budget. Experimental results on commonly used datasets show that our method outperforms the bit allocation scheme in x265 and the single-critic baseline by a significant margin in terms of rate-distortion performance while offering fairly precise rate control.      
### 26.Adversarial Attack in the Context of Self-driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01732.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a model that can attack segmentation models with semantic and dynamic targets in the context of self-driving. Specifically, our model is designed to map an input image as well as its corresponding label to perturbations. After adding the perturbation to the input image, the adversarial example can manipulate the labels of the pixels in a semantically meaningful way on dynamic targets. In this way, we can make a potential attack subtle and stealthy. To evaluate the stealthiness of our attacking model, we design three types of tasks, including hiding true labels in the context, generating fake labels, and displacing labels that belong to some category. The experiments show that our model can attack segmentation models efficiently with a relatively high success rate on Cityscapes, Mapillary, and BDD100K. We also evaluate the generalization of our model across different datasets. Finally, we propose a new metric to evaluate the parameter-wise efficiency of attacking models by comparing the number of parameters used by both the attacking models and the target models.      
### 27.Branch-and-Pruning Optimization Towards Global Optimality in Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01730.pdf)
>  It has been attracting more and more attention to understand the global optimality in deep learning (DL) recently. However, conventional DL solvers, have not been developed intentionally to seek for such global optimality. In this paper, we propose a novel approximation algorithm, {\em BPGrad}, towards optimizing deep models globally via branch and pruning. The proposed BPGrad algorithm is based on the assumption of Lipschitz continuity in DL, and as a result, it can adaptively determine the step size for the current gradient given the history of previous updates, wherein theoretically no smaller steps can achieve the global optimality. We prove that, by repeating such a branch-and-pruning procedure, we can locate the global optimality within finite iterations. Empirically an efficient adaptive solver based on BPGrad for DL is proposed as well, and it outperforms conventional DL solvers such as Adagrad, Adadelta, RMSProp, and Adam in the tasks of object recognition, detection, and segmentation. The code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RyanCV/BPGrad" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 28.TATL: Task Agnostic Transfer Learning for Skin Attributes Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01641.pdf)
>  Existing skin attributes detection methods usually initialize with a pre-trained Imagenet network and then fine-tune the medical target task. However, we argue that such approaches are suboptimal because medical datasets are largely different from ImageNet and often contain limited training samples. In this work, we propose Task Agnostic Transfer Learning (TATL), a novel framework motivated by dermatologists' behaviors in the skincare context. TATL learns an attribute-agnostic segmenter that detects lesion skin regions and then transfers this knowledge to a set of attribute-specific classifiers to detect each particular region's attributes. Since TATL's attribute-agnostic segmenter only detects abnormal skin regions, it enjoys ample data from all attributes, allows transferring knowledge among features, and compensates for the lack of training data from rare attributes. We extensively evaluate TATL on two popular skin attributes detection benchmarks and show that TATL outperforms state-of-the-art methods while enjoying minimal model and computational complexity. We also provide theoretical insights and explanations for why TATL works well in practice.      
### 29.MIST: Multiple Instance Self-Training Framework for Video Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01633.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised video anomaly detection (WS-VAD) is to distinguish anomalies from normal events based on discriminative representations. Most existing works are limited in insufficient video representations. In this work, we develop a multiple instance self-training framework (MIST)to efficiently refine task-specific discriminative representations with only video-level annotations. In particular, MIST is composed of 1) a multiple instance pseudo label generator, which adapts a sparse continuous sampling strategy to produce more reliable clip-level pseudo labels, and 2) a self-guided attention boosted feature encoder that aims to automatically focus on anomalous regions in frames while extracting task-specific representations. Moreover, we adopt a self-training scheme to optimize both components and finally obtain a task-specific feature encoder. Extensive experiments on two public datasets demonstrate the efficacy of our method, and our method performs comparably to or even better than existing supervised and weakly supervised methods, specifically obtaining a frame-level AUC 94.83% on ShanghaiTech.      
### 30.OnTarget: An Electronic Archery Scoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01622.pdf)
>  There are several challenges in creating an electronic archery scoring system using computer vision techniques. Variability of light, reconstruction of the target from several images, variability of target configuration, and filtering noise were significant challenges during the creation of this scoring system. This paper discusses the approach used to determine where an arrow hits a target, for any possible single or set of targets and provides an algorithm that balances the difficulty of robust arrow detection while retaining the required accuracy.      
### 31.Towards Rolling Shutter Correction and Deblurring in Dynamic Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01601.pdf)
>  Joint rolling shutter correction and deblurring (RSCD) techniques are critical for the prevalent CMOS cameras. However, current approaches are still based on conventional energy optimization and are developed for static scenes. To enable learning-based approaches to address real-world RSCD problem, we contribute the first dataset, BS-RSCD, which includes both ego-motion and object-motion in dynamic scenes. Real distorted and blurry videos with corresponding ground truth are recorded simultaneously via a beam-splitter-based acquisition system. <br>Since direct application of existing individual rolling shutter correction (RSC) or global shutter deblurring (GSD) methods on RSCD leads to undesirable results due to inherent flaws in the network architecture, we further present the first learning-based model (JCD) for RSCD. The key idea is that we adopt bi-directional warping streams for displacement compensation, while also preserving the non-warped deblurring stream for details restoration. The experimental results demonstrate that JCD achieves state-of-the-art performance on the realistic RSCD dataset (BS-RSCD) and the synthetic RSC dataset (Fastec-RS). The dataset and code are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zzh-tech/RSCD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Scene Text Retrieval via Joint Text Detection and Similarity Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01552.pdf)
>  Scene text retrieval aims to localize and search all text instances from an image gallery, which are the same or similar to a given query text. Such a task is usually realized by matching a query text to the recognized words, outputted by an end-to-end scene text spotter. In this paper, we address this problem by directly learning a cross-modal similarity between a query text and each text instance from natural images. Specifically, we establish an end-to-end trainable network, jointly optimizing the procedures of scene text detection and cross-modal similarity learning. In this way, scene text retrieval can be simply performed by ranking the detected text instances with the learned similarity. Experiments on three benchmark datasets demonstrate our method consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art scene text spotting/retrieval approaches. In particular, the proposed framework of joint detection and similarity learning achieves significantly better performance than separated methods. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lanfeng4659/STR-TDSL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Graph Sampling Based Deep Metric Learning for Generalizable Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01546.pdf)
>  For person re-identification, existing deep networks often focus on representation learning. However, without transfer learning, the learned model is fixed as is, which is not adaptable for handling various unseen scenarios. In this paper, beyond representation learning, we consider how to formulate person image matching directly in deep feature maps. We treat image matching as finding local correspondences in feature maps, and construct query-adaptive convolution kernels on the fly to achieve local matching. In this way, the matching process and results are interpretable, and this explicit matching is more generalizable than representation features to unseen scenarios, such as unknown misalignments, pose or viewpoint changes. To facilitate end-to-end training of this architecture, we further build a class memory module to cache feature maps of the most recent samples of each class, so as to compute image matching losses for metric learning. Through direct cross-dataset evaluation, the proposed Query-Adaptive Convolution (QAConv) method gains large improvements over popular learning methods (about 10\%+ mAP), and achieves comparable results to many transfer learning methods. Besides, a model-free temporal cooccurrence based score weighting method called TLift is proposed, which improves the performance to a further extent, achieving state-of-the-art results in cross-dataset person re-identification. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShengcaiLiao/QAConv" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 34.Distill and Fine-tune: Effective Adaptation from a Black-box Source Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01539.pdf)
>  To alleviate the burden of labeling, unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) aims to transfer knowledge in previous related labeled datasets (source) to a new unlabeled dataset (target). Despite impressive progress, prior methods always need to access the raw source data and develop data-dependent alignment approaches to recognize the target samples in a transductive learning manner, which may raise privacy concerns from source individuals. Several recent studies resort to an alternative solution by exploiting the well-trained white-box model instead of the raw data from the source domain, however, it may leak the raw data through generative adversarial training. This paper studies a practical and interesting setting for UDA, where only a black-box source model (i.e., only network predictions are available) is provided during adaptation in the target domain. Besides, different neural networks are even allowed to be employed for different domains. For this new problem, we propose a novel two-step adaptation framework called Distill and Fine-tune (Dis-tune). Specifically, Dis-tune first structurally distills the knowledge from the source model to a customized target model, then unsupervisedly fine-tunes the distilled model to fit the target domain. To verify the effectiveness, we consider two UDA scenarios (\ie, closed-set and partial-set), and discover that Dis-tune achieves highly competitive performance to state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 35.Hypercorrelation Squeeze for Few-Shot Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01538.pdf)
>  Few-shot semantic segmentation aims at learning to segment a target object from a query image using only a few annotated support images of the target class. This challenging task requires to understand diverse levels of visual cues and analyze fine-grained correspondence relations between the query and the support images. To address the problem, we propose Hypercorrelation Squeeze Networks (HSNet) that leverages multi-level feature correlation and efficient 4D convolutions. It extracts diverse features from different levels of intermediate convolutional layers and constructs a collection of 4D correlation tensors, i.e., hypercorrelations. Using efficient center-pivot 4D convolutions in a pyramidal architecture, the method gradually squeezes high-level semantic and low-level geometric cues of the hypercorrelation into precise segmentation masks in coarse-to-fine manner. The significant performance improvements on standard few-shot segmentation benchmarks of PASCAL-5i, COCO-20i, and FSS-1000 verify the efficacy of the proposed method.      
### 36.Performance analysis of facial recognition: A critical review through glass factor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01536.pdf)
>  COVID-19 pandemic and social distancing urge a reliable human face recognition system in different abnormal situations. However, there is no research which studies the influence of glass factor in facial recognition system. This paper provides a comprehensive review of glass factor. The study contains two steps: data collection and accuracy test. Data collection includes collecting human face images through different situations, such as clear glasses, glass with water and glass with mist. Based on the collected data, an existing state-of-the-art face detection and recognition system built upon MTCNN and Inception V1 deep nets is tested for further analysis. Experimental data supports that 1) the system is robust for classification when comparing real-time images and 2) it fails at determining if two images are of same person by comparing real-time disturbed image with the frontal ones.      
### 37.Hierarchical Image Peeling: A Flexible Scale-space Filtering Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01534.pdf)
>  The importance of hierarchical image organization has been witnessed by a wide spectrum of applications in computer vision and graphics. Different from image segmentation with the spatial whole-part consideration, this work designs a modern framework for disassembling an image into a family of derived signals from a scale-space perspective. Specifically, we first offer a formal definition of image disassembly. Then, by concerning desired properties, such as peeling hierarchy and structure preservation, we convert the original complex problem into a series of two-component separation sub-problems, significantly reducing the complexity. The proposed framework is flexible to both supervised and unsupervised settings. A compact recurrent network, namely hierarchical image peeling net, is customized to efficiently and effectively fulfill the task, which is about 3.5Mb in size, and can handle 1080p images in more than 60 fps per recurrence on a GTX 2080Ti GPU, making it attractive for practical use. Both theoretical findings and experimental results are provided to demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed framework, reveal its superiority over other state-of-the-art alternatives, and show its potential to various applicable scenarios. Our code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ForawardStar/HIPe" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 38.High-resolution Depth Maps Imaging via Attention-based Hierarchical Multi-modal Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01530.pdf)
>  Depth map records distance between the viewpoint and objects in the scene, which plays a critical role in many real-world applications. However, depth map captured by consumer-grade RGB-D cameras suffers from low spatial resolution. Guided depth map super-resolution (DSR) is a popular approach to address this problem, which attempts to restore a high-resolution (HR) depth map from the input low-resolution (LR) depth and its coupled HR RGB image that serves as the guidance. <br>The most challenging problems for guided DSR are how to correctly select consistent structures and propagate them, and properly handle inconsistent ones. In this paper, we propose a novel attention-based hierarchical multi-modal fusion (AHMF) network for guided DSR. Specifically, to effectively extract and combine relevant information from LR depth and HR guidance, we propose a multi-modal attention based fusion (MMAF) strategy for hierarchical convolutional layers, including a feature enhance block to select valuable features and a feature recalibration block to unify the similarity metrics of modalities with different appearance characteristics. Furthermore, we propose a bi-directional hierarchical feature collaboration (BHFC) module to fully leverage low-level spatial information and high-level structure information among multi-scale features. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of reconstruction accuracy, running speed and memory efficiency.      
### 39.SGCN:Sparse Graph Convolution Network for Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01528.pdf)
>  Pedestrian trajectory prediction is a key technology in autopilot, which remains to be very challenging due to complex interactions between pedestrians. However, previous works based on dense undirected interaction suffer from modeling superfluous interactions and neglect of trajectory motion tendency, and thus inevitably result in a considerable deviance from the reality. To cope with these issues, we present a Sparse Graph Convolution Network~(SGCN) for pedestrian trajectory prediction. Specifically, the SGCN explicitly models the sparse directed interaction with a sparse directed spatial graph to capture adaptive interaction pedestrians. Meanwhile, we use a sparse directed temporal graph to model the motion tendency, thus to facilitate the prediction based on the observed direction. Finally, parameters of a bi-Gaussian distribution for trajectory prediction are estimated by fusing the above two sparse graphs. We evaluate our proposed method on the ETH and UCY datasets, and the experimental results show our method outperforms comparative state-of-the-art methods by 9% in Average Displacement Error(ADE) and 13% in Final Displacement Error(FDE). Notably, visualizations indicate that our method can capture adaptive interactions between pedestrians and their effective motion tendencies.      
### 40.Weakly-supervised Instance Segmentation via Class-agnostic Learning with Salient Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01526.pdf)
>  Humans have a strong class-agnostic object segmentation ability and can outline boundaries of unknown objects precisely, which motivates us to propose a box-supervised class-agnostic object segmentation (BoxCaseg) based solution for weakly-supervised instance segmentation. The BoxCaseg model is jointly trained using box-supervised images and salient images in a multi-task learning manner. The fine-annotated salient images provide class-agnostic and precise object localization guidance for box-supervised images. The object masks predicted by a pretrained BoxCaseg model are refined via a novel merged and dropped strategy as proxy ground truth to train a Mask R-CNN for weakly-supervised instance segmentation. Only using $7991$ salient images, the weakly-supervised Mask R-CNN is on par with fully-supervised Mask R-CNN on PASCAL VOC and significantly outperforms previous state-of-the-art box-supervised instance segmentation methods on COCO. The source code, pretrained models and datasets are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hustvl/BoxCaseg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 41.PDWN: Pyramid Deformable Warping Network for Video Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01517.pdf)
>  Video interpolation aims to generate a non-existent intermediate frame given the past and future frames. Many state-of-the-art methods achieve promising results by estimating the optical flow between the known frames and then generating the backward flows between the middle frame and the known frames. However, these methods usually suffer from the inaccuracy of estimated optical flows and require additional models or information to compensate for flow estimation errors. Following the recent development in using deformable convolution (DConv) for video interpolation, we propose a light but effective model, called Pyramid Deformable Warping Network (PDWN). PDWN uses a pyramid structure to generate DConv offsets of the unknown middle frame with respect to the known frames through coarse-to-fine successive refinements. Cost volumes between warped features are calculated at every pyramid level to help the offset inference. At the finest scale, the two warped frames are adaptively blended to generate the middle frame. Lastly, a context enhancement network further enhances the contextual detail of the final output. Ablation studies demonstrate the effectiveness of the coarse-to-fine offset refinement, cost volumes, and DConv. Our method achieves better or on-par accuracy compared to state-of-the-art models on multiple datasets while the number of model parameters and the inference time are substantially less than previous models. Moreover, we present an extension of the proposed framework to use four input frames, which can achieve significant improvement over using only two input frames, with only a slight increase in the model size and inference time.      
### 42.Learning Neural Representation of Camera Pose with Matrix Representation of Pose Shift via View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01508.pdf)
>  How to effectively represent camera pose is an essential problem in 3D computer vision, especially in tasks such as camera pose regression and novel view synthesis. Traditionally, 3D position of the camera is represented by Cartesian coordinate and the orientation is represented by Euler angle or quaternions. These representations are manually designed, which may not be the most effective representation for downstream tasks. In this work, we propose an approach to learn neural representations of camera poses and 3D scenes, coupled with neural representations of local camera movements. Specifically, the camera pose and 3D scene are represented as vectors and the local camera movement is represented as a matrix operating on the vector of the camera pose. We demonstrate that the camera movement can further be parametrized by a matrix Lie algebra that underlies a rotation system in the neural space. The vector representations are then concatenated and generate the posed 2D image through a decoder network. The model is learned from only posed 2D images and corresponding camera poses, without access to depths or shapes. We conduct extensive experiments on synthetic and real datasets. The results show that compared with other camera pose representations, our learned representation is more robust to noise in novel view synthesis and more effective in camera pose regression.      
### 43."Forget" the Forget Gate: Estimating Anomalies in Videos using Self-contained Long Short-Term Memory Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01478.pdf)
>  Abnormal event detection is a challenging task that requires effectively handling intricate features of appearance and motion. In this paper, we present an approach of detecting anomalies in videos by learning a novel LSTM based self-contained network on normal dense optical flow. Due to their sigmoid implementations, standard LSTM's forget gate is susceptible to overlooking and dismissing relevant content in long sequence tasks like abnormality detection. The forget gate mitigates participation of previous hidden state for computation of cell state prioritizing current input. In addition, the hyperbolic tangent activation of standard LSTMs sacrifices performance when a network gets deeper. To tackle these two limitations, we introduce a bi-gated, light LSTM cell by discarding the forget gate and introducing sigmoid activation. Specifically, the LSTM architecture we come up with fully sustains content from previous hidden state thereby enabling the trained model to be robust and make context-independent decision during evaluation. Removing the forget gate results in a simplified and undemanding LSTM cell with improved performance effectiveness and computational efficiency. Empirical evaluations show that the proposed bi-gated LSTM based network outperforms various LSTM based models verifying its effectiveness for abnormality detection and generalization tasks on CUHK Avenue and UCSD datasets.      
### 44.Aggregated Contextual Transformations for High-Resolution Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01431.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art image inpainting approaches can suffer from generating distorted structures and blurry textures in high-resolution images (e.g., 512x512). The challenges mainly drive from (1) image content reasoning from distant contexts, and (2) fine-grained texture synthesis for a large missing region. To overcome these two challenges, we propose an enhanced GAN-based model, named Aggregated COntextual-Transformation GAN (AOT-GAN), for high-resolution image inpainting. Specifically, to enhance context reasoning, we construct the generator of AOT-GAN by stacking multiple layers of a proposed AOT block. The AOT blocks aggregate contextual transformations from various receptive fields, allowing to capture both informative distant image contexts and rich patterns of interest for context reasoning. For improving texture synthesis, we enhance the discriminator of AOT-GAN by training it with a tailored mask-prediction task. Such a training objective forces the discriminator to distinguish the detailed appearances of real and synthesized patches, and in turn, facilitates the generator to synthesize clear textures. Extensive comparisons on Places2, the most challenging benchmark with 1.8 million high-resolution images of 365 complex scenes, show that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art by a significant margin in terms of FID with 38.60% relative improvement. A user study including more than 30 subjects further validates the superiority of AOT-GAN. We further evaluate the proposed AOT-GAN in practical applications, e.g., logo removal, face editing, and object removal. Results show that our model achieves promising completions in the real world. We release code and models in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/researchmm/AOT-GAN-for-Inpainting" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.Graph Contrastive Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01429.pdf)
>  Recently, some contrastive learning methods have been proposed to simultaneously learn representations and clustering assignments, achieving significant improvements. However, these methods do not take the category information and clustering objective into consideration, thus the learned representations are not optimal for clustering and the performance might be limited. Towards this issue, we first propose a novel graph contrastive learning framework, which is then applied to the clustering task and we come up with the Graph Constrastive Clustering~(GCC) method. Different from basic contrastive clustering that only assumes an image and its augmentation should share similar representation and clustering assignments, we lift the instance-level consistency to the cluster-level consistency with the assumption that samples in one cluster and their augmentations should all be similar. Specifically, on the one hand, the graph Laplacian based contrastive loss is proposed to learn more discriminative and clustering-friendly features. On the other hand, a novel graph-based contrastive learning strategy is proposed to learn more compact clustering assignments. Both of them incorporate the latent category information to reduce the intra-cluster variance while increasing the inter-cluster variance. Experiments on six commonly used datasets demonstrate the superiority of our proposed approach over the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 46.MMBERT: Multimodal BERT Pretraining for Improved Medical VQA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01394.pdf)
>  Images in the medical domain are fundamentally different from the general domain images. Consequently, it is infeasible to directly employ general domain Visual Question Answering (VQA) models for the medical domain. Additionally, medical images annotation is a costly and time-consuming process. To overcome these limitations, we propose a solution inspired by self-supervised pretraining of Transformer-style architectures for NLP, Vision and Language tasks. Our method involves learning richer medical image and text semantic representations using Masked Language Modeling (MLM) with image features as the pretext task on a large medical image+caption dataset. The proposed solution achieves new state-of-the-art performance on two VQA datasets for radiology images -- VQA-Med 2019 and VQA-RAD, outperforming even the ensemble models of previous best solutions. Moreover, our solution provides attention maps which help in model interpretability. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VirajBagal/MMBERT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 47.Learning Mobile CNN Feature Extraction Toward Fast Computation of Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01381.pdf)
>  In this paper, we construct a lightweight, high-precision and high-speed object tracking using a trained CNN. Conventional methods with trained CNNs use VGG16 network which requires powerful computational resources. Therefore, there is a problem that it is difficult to apply in low computation resources environments. To solve this problem, we use MobileNetV3, which is a CNN for mobile terminals.Based on Feature Map Selection Tracking, we propose a new architecture that extracts effective features of MobileNet for object tracking. The architecture requires no online learning but only offline learning. In addition, by using features of objects other than tracking target, the features of tracking target are extracted more efficiently. We measure the tracking accuracy with Visual Tracker Benchmark and confirm that the proposed method can perform high-precision and high-speed calculation even in low computation resource environments.      
### 48.Deepfake Detection Scheme Based on Vision Transformer and Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01353.pdf)
>  Deepfake is the manipulated video made with a generative deep learning technique such as Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) or Auto Encoder that anyone can utilize. Recently, with the increase of Deepfake videos, some classifiers consisting of the convolutional neural network that can distinguish fake videos as well as deepfake datasets have been actively created. However, the previous studies based on the CNN structure have the problem of not only overfitting, but also considerable misjudging fake video as real ones. In this paper, we propose a Vision Transformer model with distillation methodology for detecting fake videos. We design that a CNN features and patch-based positioning model learns to interact with all positions to find the artifact region for solving false negative problem. Through comparative analysis on Deepfake Detection (DFDC) Dataset, we verify that the proposed scheme with patch embedding as input outperforms the state-of-the-art using the combined CNN features. Without ensemble technique, our model obtains 0.978 of AUC and 91.9 of f1 score, while previous SOTA model yields 0.972 of AUC and 90.6 of f1 score on the same condition.      
### 49.Generation of Gradient-Preserving Images allowing HOG Feature Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01350.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a method for generating visually protected images, referred to as gradient-preserving images. The protected images allow us to directly extract Histogram-of-Oriented-Gradients (HOG) features for privacy-preserving machine learning. In an experiment, HOG features extracted from gradient-preserving images are applied to a face recognition algorithm to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 50.Recursively Refined R-CNN: Instance Segmentation with Self-RoI Rebalancing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01329.pdf)
>  Within the field of instance segmentation, most of the state-of-the-art deep learning networks rely nowadays on cascade architectures, where multiple object detectors are trained sequentially, re-sampling the ground truth at each step. This offers a solution to the problem of exponentially vanishing positive samples. However, it also translates into an increase in network complexity in terms of the number of parameters. To address this issue, we propose Recursively Refined R-CNN ($R^3$-CNN) which avoids duplicates by introducing a loop mechanism instead. At the same time, it achieves a quality boost using a recursive re-sampling technique, where a specific IoU quality is utilized in each recursion to eventually equally cover the positive spectrum. Our experiments highlight the specific encoding of the loop mechanism in the weights, requiring its usage at inference time. The $R^3$-CNN architecture is able to surpass the recently proposed HTC model, while reducing the number of parameters significantly. Experiments on COCO minival 2017 dataset show performance boost independently from the utilized baseline model. The code is available online at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IMPLabUniPr/mmdetection/tree/r3_cnn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.Uncertainty for Identifying Open-Set Errors in Visual Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01328.pdf)
>  Deployed into an open world, object detectors are prone to a type of false positive detection termed open-set errors. We propose GMM-Det, a real-time method for extracting epistemic uncertainty from object detectors to identify and reject open-set errors. GMM-Det trains the detector to produce a structured logit space that is modelled with class-specific Gaussian Mixture Models. At test time, open-set errors are identified by their low log-probability under all Gaussian Mixture Models. We test two common detector architectures, Faster R-CNN and RetinaNet, across three varied datasets spanning robotics and computer vision. Our results show that GMM-Det consistently outperforms existing uncertainty techniques for identifying and rejecting open-set detections, especially at the low-error-rate operating point required for safety-critical applications. GMM-Det maintains object detection performance, and introduces only minimal computational overhead. We also introduce a methodology for converting existing object detection datasets into specific open-set datasets to consistently evaluate open-set performance in object detection. Code for GMM-Det and the dataset methodology will be made publicly available.      
### 52.DARCNN: Domain Adaptive Region-based Convolutional Neural Network for Unsupervised Instance Segmentation in Biomedical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01325.pdf)
>  In the biomedical domain, there is an abundance of dense, complex data where objects of interest may be challenging to detect or constrained by limits of human knowledge. Labelled domain specific datasets for supervised tasks are often expensive to obtain, and furthermore discovery of novel distinct objects may be desirable for unbiased scientific discovery. Therefore, we propose leveraging the wealth of annotations in benchmark computer vision datasets to conduct unsupervised instance segmentation for diverse biomedical datasets. The key obstacle is thus overcoming the large domain shift from common to biomedical images. We propose a Domain Adaptive Region-based Convolutional Neural Network (DARCNN), that adapts knowledge of object definition from COCO, a large labelled vision dataset, to multiple biomedical datasets. We introduce a domain separation module, a self-supervised representation consistency loss, and an augmented pseudo-labelling stage within DARCNN to effectively perform domain adaptation across such large domain shifts. We showcase DARCNN's performance for unsupervised instance segmentation on numerous biomedical datasets.      
### 53.Efficient DETR: Improving End-to-End Object Detector with Dense Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01318.pdf)
>  The recently proposed end-to-end transformer detectors, such as DETR and Deformable DETR, have a cascade structure of stacking 6 decoder layers to update object queries iteratively, without which their performance degrades seriously. In this paper, we investigate that the random initialization of object containers, which include object queries and reference points, is mainly responsible for the requirement of multiple iterations. Based on our findings, we propose Efficient DETR, a simple and efficient pipeline for end-to-end object detection. By taking advantage of both dense detection and sparse set detection, Efficient DETR leverages dense prior to initialize the object containers and brings the gap of the 1-decoder structure and 6-decoder structure. Experiments conducted on MS COCO show that our method, with only 3 encoder layers and 1 decoder layer, achieves competitive performance with state-of-the-art object detection methods. Efficient DETR is also robust in crowded scenes. It outperforms modern detectors on CrowdHuman dataset by a large margin.      
### 54.Fingerspelling Detection in American Sign Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01291.pdf)
>  Fingerspelling, in which words are signed letter by letter, is an important component of American Sign Language. Most previous work on automatic fingerspelling recognition has assumed that the boundaries of fingerspelling regions in signing videos are known beforehand. In this paper, we consider the task of fingerspelling detection in raw, untrimmed sign language videos. This is an important step towards building real-world fingerspelling recognition systems. We propose a benchmark and a suite of evaluation metrics, some of which reflect the effect of detection on the downstream fingerspelling recognition task. In addition, we propose a new model that learns to detect fingerspelling via multi-task training, incorporating pose estimation and fingerspelling recognition (transcription) along with detection, and compare this model to several alternatives. The model outperforms all alternative approaches across all metrics, establishing a state of the art on the benchmark.      
### 55.Instance Level Affinity-Based Transfer for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01286.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation deals with training models using large scale labeled data from a specific source domain and then adapting the knowledge to certain target domains that have few or no labels. Many prior works learn domain agnostic feature representations for this purpose using a global distribution alignment objective which does not take into account the finer class specific structure in the source and target domains. We address this issue in our work and propose an instance affinity based criterion for source to target transfer during adaptation, called ILA-DA. We first propose a reliable and efficient method to extract similar and dissimilar samples across source and target, and utilize a multi-sample contrastive loss to drive the domain alignment process. ILA-DA simultaneously accounts for intra-class clustering as well as inter-class separation among the categories, resulting in less noisy classifier boundaries, improved transferability and increased accuracy. We verify the effectiveness of ILA-DA by observing consistent improvements in accuracy over popular domain adaptation approaches on a variety of benchmark datasets and provide insights into the proposed alignment approach. Code will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/astuti/ILA-DA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.A Semantic Segmentation Network for Urban-Scale Building Footprint Extraction Using RGB Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01263.pdf)
>  Urban areas consume over two-thirds of the world's energy and account for more than 70 percent of global CO2 emissions. As stated in IPCC's Global Warming of 1.5C report, achieving carbon neutrality by 2050 requires a scalable approach that can be applied in a global context. Conventional methods of collecting data on energy use and emissions of buildings are extremely expensive and require specialized geometry information that not all cities have readily available. High-quality building footprint generation from satellite images can accelerate this predictive process and empower municipal decision-making at scale. However, previous deep learning-based approaches use supplemental data such as point cloud data, building height information, and multi-band imagery - which has limited availability and is difficult to produce. In this paper, we propose a modified DeeplabV3+ module with a Dilated ResNet backbone to generate masks of building footprints from only three-channel RGB satellite imagery. Furthermore, we introduce an F-Beta measure in our objective function to help the model account for skewed class distributions. In addition to an F-Beta objective function, we incorporate an exponentially weighted boundary loss and use a cross-dataset training strategy to further increase the quality of predictions. As a result, we achieve state-of-the-art performance across three standard benchmarks and demonstrate that our RGB-only method is agnostic to the scale, resolution, and urban density of satellite imagery.      
### 57.Unsupervised Discovery of the Long-Tail in Instance Segmentation Using Hierarchical Self-Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01257.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation is an active topic in computer vision that is usually solved by using supervised learning approaches over very large datasets composed of object level masks. Obtaining such a dataset for any new domain can be very expensive and time-consuming. In addition, models trained on certain annotated categories do not generalize well to unseen objects. The goal of this paper is to propose a method that can perform unsupervised discovery of long-tail categories in instance segmentation, through learning instance embeddings of masked regions. Leveraging rich relationship and hierarchical structure between objects in the images, we propose self-supervised losses for learning mask embeddings. Trained on COCO dataset without additional annotations of the long-tail objects, our model is able to discover novel and more fine-grained objects than the common categories in COCO. We show that the model achieves competitive quantitative results on LVIS as compared to the supervised and partially supervised methods.      
### 58.Uncertainty-Aware Annotation Protocol to Evaluate Deformable Registration Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01217.pdf)
>  Landmark correspondences are a widely used type of gold standard in image registration. However, the manual placement of corresponding points is subject to high inter-user variability in the chosen annotated locations and in the interpretation of visual ambiguities. In this paper, we introduce a principled strategy for the construction of a gold standard in deformable registration. Our framework: (i) iteratively suggests the most informative location to annotate next, taking into account its redundancy with previous annotations; (ii) extends traditional pointwise annotations by accounting for the spatial uncertainty of each annotation, which can either be directly specified by the user, or aggregated from pointwise annotations from multiple experts; and (iii) naturally provides a new strategy for the evaluation of deformable registration algorithms. Our approach is validated on four different registration tasks. The experimental results show the efficacy of suggesting annotations according to their informativeness, and an improved capacity to assess the quality of the outputs of registration algorithms. In addition, our approach yields, from sparse annotations only, a dense visualization of the errors made by a registration method. The source code of our approach supporting both 2D and 3D data is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LoicPeter/evaluation-deformable-registration" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 59.Beyond Short Clips: End-to-End Video-Level Learning with Collaborative Memories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01198.pdf)
>  The standard way of training video models entails sampling at each iteration a single clip from a video and optimizing the clip prediction with respect to the video-level label. We argue that a single clip may not have enough temporal coverage to exhibit the label to recognize, since video datasets are often weakly labeled with categorical information but without dense temporal annotations. Furthermore, optimizing the model over brief clips impedes its ability to learn long-term temporal dependencies. To overcome these limitations, we introduce a collaborative memory mechanism that encodes information across multiple sampled clips of a video at each training iteration. This enables the learning of long-range dependencies beyond a single clip. We explore different design choices for the collaborative memory to ease the optimization difficulties. Our proposed framework is end-to-end trainable and significantly improves the accuracy of video classification at a negligible computational overhead. Through extensive experiments, we demonstrate that our framework generalizes to different video architectures and tasks, outperforming the state of the art on both action recognition (e.g., Kinetics-400 &amp; 700, Charades, Something-Something-V1) and action detection (e.g., AVA v2.1 &amp; v2.2).      
### 60.Automated lung segmentation from CT images of normal and COVID-19 pneumonia patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02042.pdf)
>  Automated semantic image segmentation is an essential step in quantitative image analysis and disease diagnosis. This study investigates the performance of a deep learning-based model for lung segmentation from CT images for normal and COVID-19 patients. Chest CT images and corresponding lung masks of 1200 confirmed COVID-19 cases were used for training a residual neural network. The reference lung masks were generated through semi-automated/manual segmentation of the CT images. The performance of the model was evaluated on two distinct external test datasets including 120 normal and COVID-19 subjects, and the results of these groups were compared to each other. Different evaluation metrics such as dice coefficient (DSC), mean absolute error (MAE), relative mean HU difference, and relative volume difference were calculated to assess the accuracy of the predicted lung masks. The proposed deep learning method achieved DSC of 0.980 and 0.971 for normal and COVID-19 subjects, respectively, demonstrating significant overlap between predicted and reference lung masks. Moreover, MAEs of 0.037 HU and 0.061 HU, relative mean HU difference of -2.679% and -4.403%, and relative volume difference of 2.405% and 5.928% were obtained for normal and COVID-19 subjects, respectively. The comparable performance in lung segmentation of the normal and COVID-19 patients indicates the accuracy of the model for the identification of the lung tissue in the presence of the COVID-19 induced infections (though slightly better performance was observed for normal patients). The promising results achieved by the proposed deep learning-based model demonstrated its reliability in COVID-19 lung segmentation. This prerequisite step would lead to a more efficient and robust pneumonia lesion analysis.      
### 61.Using spatial-temporal ensembles of convolutional neural networks for lumen segmentation in ureteroscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01985.pdf)
>  Purpose: Ureteroscopy is an efficient endoscopic minimally invasive technique for the diagnosis and treatment of upper tract urothelial carcinoma (UTUC). During ureteroscopy, the automatic segmentation of the hollow lumen is of primary importance, since it indicates the path that the endoscope should follow. In order to obtain an accurate segmentation of the hollow lumen, this paper presents an automatic method based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). <br>Methods: The proposed method is based on an ensemble of 4 parallel CNNs to simultaneously process single and multi-frame information. Of these, two architectures are taken as core-models, namely U-Net based in residual blocks($m_1$) and Mask-RCNN($m_2$), which are fed with single still-frames $I(t)$. The other two models ($M_1$, $M_2$) are modifications of the former ones consisting on the addition of a stage which makes use of 3D Convolutions to process temporal information. $M_1$, $M_2$ are fed with triplets of frames ($I(t-1)$, $I(t)$, $I(t+1)$) to produce the segmentation for $I(t)$. <br>Results: The proposed method was evaluated using a custom dataset of 11 videos (2,673 frames) which were collected and manually annotated from 6 patients. We obtain a Dice similarity coefficient of 0.80, outperforming previous state-of-the-art methods. <br>Conclusion: The obtained results show that spatial-temporal information can be effectively exploited by the ensemble model to improve hollow lumen segmentation in ureteroscopic images. The method is effective also in presence of poor visibility, occasional bleeding, or specular reflections.      
### 62.Cascaded Robust Learning at Imperfect Labels for Chest X-ray Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01975.pdf)
>  The superior performance of CNN on medical image analysis heavily depends on the annotation quality, such as the number of labeled image, the source of image, and the expert experience. The annotation requires great expertise and labour. To deal with the high inter-rater variability, the study of imperfect label has great significance in medical image segmentation tasks. In this paper, we present a novel cascaded robust learning framework for chest X-ray segmentation with imperfect annotation. Our model consists of three independent network, which can effectively learn useful information from the peer networks. The framework includes two stages. In the first stage, we select the clean annotated samples via a model committee setting, the networks are trained by minimizing a segmentation loss using the selected clean samples. In the second stage, we design a joint optimization framework with label correction to gradually correct the wrong annotation and improve the network performance. We conduct experiments on the public chest X-ray image datasets collected by Shenzhen Hospital. The results show that our methods could achieve a significant improvement on the accuracy in segmentation tasks compared to the previous methods.      
### 63.Global Guidance Network for Breast Lesion Segmentation in Ultrasound Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01896.pdf)
>  Automatic breast lesion segmentation in ultrasound helps to diagnose breast cancer, which is one of the dreadful diseases that affect women globally. Segmenting breast regions accurately from ultrasound image is a challenging task due to the inherent speckle artifacts, blurry breast lesion boundaries, and inhomogeneous intensity distributions inside the breast lesion regions. Recently, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have demonstrated remarkable results in medical image segmentation tasks. However, the convolutional operations in a CNN often focus on local regions, which suffer from limited capabilities in capturing long-range dependencies of the input ultrasound image, resulting in degraded breast lesion segmentation accuracy. In this paper, we develop a deep convolutional neural network equipped with a global guidance block (GGB) and breast lesion boundary detection (BD) modules for boosting the breast ultrasound lesion segmentation. The GGB utilizes the multi-layer integrated feature map as a guidance information to learn the long-range non-local dependencies from both spatial and channel domains. The BD modules learn additional breast lesion boundary map to enhance the boundary quality of a segmentation result refinement. Experimental results on a public dataset and a collected dataset show that our network outperforms other medical image segmentation methods and the recent semantic segmentation methods on breast ultrasound lesion segmentation. Moreover, we also show the application of our network on the ultrasound prostate segmentation, in which our method better identifies prostate regions than state-of-the-art networks.      
### 64.Talk, Don't Write: A Study of Direct Speech-Based Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01894.pdf)
>  Speech-based image retrieval has been studied as a proxy for joint representation learning, usually without emphasis on retrieval itself. As such, it is unclear how well speech-based retrieval can work in practice -- both in an absolute sense and versus alternative strategies that combine automatic speech recognition (ASR) with strong text encoders. In this work, we extensively study and expand choices of encoder architectures, training methodology (including unimodal and multimodal pretraining), and other factors. Our experiments cover different types of speech in three datasets: Flickr Audio, Places Audio, and Localized Narratives. Our best model configuration achieves large gains over state of the art, e.g., pushing recall-at-one from 21.8% to 33.2% for Flickr Audio and 27.6% to 53.4% for Places Audio. We also show our best speech-based models can match or exceed cascaded ASR-to-text encoding when speech is spontaneous, accented, or otherwise hard to automatically transcribe.      
### 65.Adaptive Gradient Balancing for UndersampledMRI Reconstruction and Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01889.pdf)
>  Recent accelerated MRI reconstruction models have used Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) to reconstruct relatively high-quality images from highly undersampled k-space data, enabling much faster MRI scanning. However, these techniques sometimes struggle to reconstruct sharp images that preserve fine detail while maintaining a natural appearance. In this work, we enhance the image quality by using a Conditional Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Network combined with a novel Adaptive Gradient Balancing (AGB) technique that automates the process of combining the adversarial and pixel-wise terms and streamlines hyperparameter tuning. In addition, we introduce a Densely Connected Iterative Network, which is an undersampled MRI reconstruction network that utilizes dense connections. In MRI, our method minimizes artifacts, while maintaining a high-quality reconstruction that produces sharper images than other techniques. To demonstrate the general nature of our method, it is further evaluated on a battery of image-to-image translation experiments, demonstrating an ability to recover from sub-optimal weighting in multi-term adversarial training.      
### 66.Integrating 2D and 3D Digital Plant Information Towards Automatic Generation of Digital Twins  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01854.pdf)
>  Ongoing standardization in Industry 4.0 supports tool vendor neutral representations of Piping and Instrumentation diagrams as well as 3D pipe routing. However, a complete digital plant model requires combining these two representations. 3D pipe routing information is essential for building any accurate first-principles process simulation model. Piping and instrumentation diagrams are the primary source for control loops. In order to automatically integrate these information sources to a unified digital plant model, it is necessary to develop algorithms for identifying corresponding elements such as tanks and pumps from piping and instrumentation diagrams and 3D CAD models. One approach is to raise these two information sources to a common level of abstraction and to match them at this level of abstraction. Graph matching is a potential technique for this purpose. This article focuses on automatic generation of the graphs as a prerequisite to graph matching. Algorithms for this purpose are proposed and validated with a case study. The paper concludes with a discussion of further research needed to reprocess the generated graphs in order to enable effective matching.      
### 67.Unsupervised Multi-source Domain Adaptation Without Access to Source Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01845.pdf)
>  Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) aims to learn a predictor model for an unlabeled domain by transferring knowledge from a separate labeled source domain. However, most of these conventional UDA approaches make the strong assumption of having access to the source data during training, which may not be very practical due to privacy, security and storage concerns. A recent line of work addressed this problem and proposed an algorithm that transfers knowledge to the unlabeled target domain from a single source model without requiring access to the source data. However, for adaptation purposes, if there are multiple trained source models available to choose from, this method has to go through adapting each and every model individually, to check for the best source. Thus, we ask the question: can we find the optimal combination of source models, with no source data and without target labels, whose performance is no worse than the single best source? To answer this, we propose a novel and efficient algorithm which automatically combines the source models with suitable weights in such a way that it performs at least as good as the best source model. We provide intuitive theoretical insights to justify our claim. Furthermore, extensive experiments are conducted on several benchmark datasets to show the effectiveness of our algorithm, where in most cases, our method not only reaches best source accuracy but also outperforms it.      
### 68.Deep Learning-Based Autonomous Driving Systems: A Survey of Attacks and Defenses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01789.pdf)
>  The rapid development of artificial intelligence, especially deep learning technology, has advanced autonomous driving systems (ADSs) by providing precise control decisions to counterpart almost any driving event, spanning from anti-fatigue safe driving to intelligent route planning. However, ADSs are still plagued by increasing threats from different attacks, which could be categorized into physical attacks, cyberattacks and learning-based adversarial attacks. Inevitably, the safety and security of deep learning-based autonomous driving are severely challenged by these attacks, from which the countermeasures should be analyzed and studied comprehensively to mitigate all potential risks. This survey provides a thorough analysis of different attacks that may jeopardize ADSs, as well as the corresponding state-of-the-art defense mechanisms. The analysis is unrolled by taking an in-depth overview of each step in the ADS workflow, covering adversarial attacks for various deep learning models and attacks in both physical and cyber context. Furthermore, some promising research directions are suggested in order to improve deep learning-based autonomous driving safety, including model robustness training, model testing and verification, and anomaly detection based on cloud/edge servers.      
### 69.FocusNetv2: Imbalanced Large and Small Organ Segmentation with Adversarial Shape Constraint for Head and Neck CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01771.pdf)
>  Radiotherapy is a treatment where radiation is used to eliminate cancer cells. The delineation of organs-at-risk (OARs) is a vital step in radiotherapy treatment planning to avoid damage to healthy organs. For nasopharyngeal cancer, more than 20 OARs are needed to be precisely segmented in advance. The challenge of this task lies in complex anatomical structure, low-contrast organ contours, and the extremely imbalanced size between large and small organs. Common segmentation methods that treat them equally would generally lead to inaccurate small-organ labeling. We propose a novel two-stage deep neural network, FocusNetv2, to solve this challenging problem by automatically locating, ROI-pooling, and segmenting small organs with specifically designed small-organ localization and segmentation sub-networks while maintaining the accuracy of large organ segmentation. In addition to our original FocusNet, we employ a novel adversarial shape constraint on small organs to ensure the consistency between estimated small-organ shapes and organ shape prior knowledge. Our proposed framework is extensively tested on both self-collected dataset of 1,164 CT scans and the MICCAI Head and Neck Auto Segmentation Challenge 2015 dataset, which shows superior performance compared with state-of-the-art head and neck OAR segmentation methods.      
### 70.Procrustean Training for Imbalanced Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01769.pdf)
>  Neural networks trained with class-imbalanced data are known to perform poorly on minor classes of scarce training data. Several recent works attribute this to over-fitting to minor classes. In this paper, we provide a novel explanation of this issue. We found that a neural network tends to first under-fit the minor classes by classifying most of their data into the major classes in early training epochs. To correct these wrong predictions, the neural network then must focus on pushing features of minor class data across the decision boundaries between major and minor classes, leading to much larger gradients for features of minor classes. We argue that such an under-fitting phase over-emphasizes the competition between major and minor classes, hinders the neural network from learning the discriminative knowledge that can be generalized to test data, and eventually results in over-fitting. To address this issue, we propose a novel learning strategy to equalize the training progress across classes. We mix features of the major class data with those of other data in a mini-batch, intentionally weakening their features to prevent a neural network from fitting them first. We show that this strategy can largely balance the training accuracy and feature gradients across classes, effectively mitigating the under-fitting then over-fitting problem for minor class data. On several benchmark datasets, our approach achieves the state-of-the-art accuracy, especially for the challenging step-imbalanced cases.      
### 71.Explainability-aided Domain Generalization for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01742.pdf)
>  Traditionally, for most machine learning settings, gaining some degree of explainability that tries to give users more insights into how and why the network arrives at its predictions, restricts the underlying model and hinders performance to a certain degree. For example, decision trees are thought of as being more explainable than deep neural networks but they lack performance on visual tasks. In this work, we empirically demonstrate that applying methods and architectures from the explainability literature can, in fact, achieve state-of-the-art performance for the challenging task of domain generalization while offering a framework for more insights into the prediction and training process. For that, we develop a set of novel algorithms including DivCAM, an approach where the network receives guidance during training via gradient based class activation maps to focus on a diverse set of discriminative features, as well as ProDrop and D-Transformers which apply prototypical networks to the domain generalization task, either with self-challenging or attention alignment. Since these methods offer competitive performance on top of explainability, we argue that the proposed methods can be used as a tool to improve the robustness of deep neural network architectures.      
### 72.Opportunistic Screening of Osteoporosis Using Plain Film Chest X-ray  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01734.pdf)
>  Osteoporosis is a common chronic metabolic bone disease that is often under-diagnosed and under-treated due to the limited access to bone mineral density (BMD) examinations, Dual-energy X-ray Absorptiometry (DXA). In this paper, we propose a method to predict BMD from Chest X-ray (CXR), one of the most common, accessible, and low-cost medical image examinations. Our method first automatically detects Regions of Interest (ROIs) of local and global bone structures from the CXR. Then a multi-ROI model is developed to exploit both local and global information in the chest X-ray image for accurate BMD estimation. Our method is evaluated on 329 CXR cases with ground truth BMD measured by DXA. The model predicted BMD has a strong correlation with the gold standard DXA BMD (Pearson correlation coefficient 0.840). When applied for osteoporosis screening, it achieves a high classification performance (AUC 0.936). As the first effort in the field to use CXR scans to predict the spine BMD, the proposed algorithm holds strong potential in enabling early osteoporosis screening through routine chest X-rays and contributing to the enhancement of public health.      
### 73.FixMyPose: Pose Correctional Captioning and Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01703.pdf)
>  Interest in physical therapy and individual exercises such as yoga/dance has increased alongside the well-being trend. However, such exercises are hard to follow without expert guidance (which is impossible to scale for personalized feedback to every trainee remotely). Thus, automated pose correction systems are required more than ever, and we introduce a new captioning dataset named FixMyPose to address this need. We collect descriptions of correcting a "current" pose to look like a "target" pose (in both English and Hindi). The collected descriptions have interesting linguistic properties such as egocentric relations to environment objects, analogous references, etc., requiring an understanding of spatial relations and commonsense knowledge about postures. Further, to avoid ML biases, we maintain a balance across characters with diverse demographics, who perform a variety of movements in several interior environments (e.g., homes, offices). From our dataset, we introduce the pose-correctional-captioning task and its reverse target-pose-retrieval task. During the correctional-captioning task, models must generate descriptions of how to move from the current to target pose image, whereas in the retrieval task, models should select the correct target pose given the initial pose and correctional description. We present strong cross-attention baseline models (uni/multimodal, RL, multilingual) and also show that our baselines are competitive with other models when evaluated on other image-difference datasets. We also propose new task-specific metrics (object-match, body-part-match, direction-match) and conduct human evaluation for more reliable evaluation, and we demonstrate a large human-model performance gap suggesting room for promising future work. To verify the sim-to-real transfer of our FixMyPose dataset, we collect a set of real images and show promising performance on these images.      
### 74.3D Convolutional Neural Networks for Stalled Brain Capillary Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01687.pdf)
>  Adequate blood supply is critical for normal brain function. Brain vasculature dysfunctions such as stalled blood flow in cerebral capillaries are associated with cognitive decline and pathogenesis in Alzheimer's disease. Recent advances in imaging technology enabled generation of high-quality 3D images that can be used to visualize stalled blood vessels. However, localization of stalled vessels in 3D images is often required as the first step for downstream analysis, which can be tedious, time-consuming and error-prone, when done manually. Here, we describe a deep learning-based approach for automatic detection of stalled capillaries in brain images based on 3D convolutional neural networks. Our networks employed custom 3D data augmentations and were used weight transfer from pre-trained 2D models for initialization. We used an ensemble of several 3D models to produce the winning submission to the Clog Loss: Advance Alzheimer's Research with Stall Catchers machine learning competition that challenged the participants with classifying blood vessels in 3D image stacks as stalled or flowing. In this setting, our approach outperformed other methods and demonstrated state-of-the-art results, achieving 0.85 Matthews correlation coefficient, 85% sensitivity, and 99.3% specificity. The source code for our solution is made publicly available.      
### 75.Faster Convolution Inference Through Using Pre-Calculated Lookup Tables  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01681.pdf)
>  Low-cardinality activations permit an algorithm based on fetching the inference values from pre-calculated lookup tables instead of calculating them every time. This algorithm can have extensions, some of which offer abilities beyond those of the currently used algorithms. It also allows for a simpler and more effective CNN-specialized hardware.      
### 76.Contrast-enhanced MRI Synthesis Using 3D High-Resolution ConvNets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01592.pdf)
>  Gadolinium-based contrast agents (GBCAs) have been widely used to better visualize disease in brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). However, gadolinium deposition within the brain and body has raised safety concerns about the use of GBCAs. Therefore, the development of novel approaches that can decrease or even eliminate GBCA exposure while providing similar contrast information would be of significant use clinically. For brain tumor patients, standard-of-care includes repeated MRI with gadolinium-based contrast for disease monitoring, increasing the risk of gadolinium deposition. In this work, we present a deep learning based approach for contrast-enhanced T1 synthesis on brain tumor patients. A 3D high-resolution fully convolutional network (FCN), which maintains high resolution information through processing and aggregates multi-scale information in parallel, is designed to map pre-contrast MRI sequences to contrast-enhanced MRI sequences. Specifically, three pre-contrast MRI sequences, T1, T2 and apparent diffusion coefficient map (ADC), are utilized as inputs and the post-contrast T1 sequences are utilized as target output. To alleviate the data imbalance problem between normal tissues and the tumor regions, we introduce a local loss to improve the contribution of the tumor regions, which leads to better enhancement results on tumors. Extensive quantitative and visual assessments are performed, with our proposed model achieving a PSNR of 28.24dB in the brain and 21.2dB in tumor regions. Our results suggests the potential of substituting GBCAs with synthetic contrast images generated via deep learning.      
### 77.Synergies Between Affordance and Geometry: 6-DoF Grasp Detection via Implicit Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01542.pdf)
>  Grasp detection in clutter requires the robot to reason about the 3D scene from incomplete and noisy perception. In this work, we draw insight that 3D reconstruction and grasp learning are two intimately connected tasks, both of which require a fine-grained understanding of local geometry details. We thus propose to utilize the synergies between grasp affordance and 3D reconstruction through multi-task learning of a shared representation. Our model takes advantage of deep implicit functions, a continuous and memory-efficient representation, to enable differentiable training of both tasks. We train the model on self-supervised grasp trials data in simulation. Evaluation is conducted on a clutter removal task, where the robot clears cluttered objects by grasping them one at a time. The experimental results in simulation and on the real robot have demonstrated that the use of implicit neural representations and joint learning of grasp affordance and 3D reconstruction have led to state-of-the-art grasping results. Our method outperforms baselines by over 10% in terms of grasp success rate. Additional results and videos can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/view/rpl-giga2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 78.Generative Locally Linear Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01525.pdf)
>  Locally Linear Embedding (LLE) is a nonlinear spectral dimensionality reduction and manifold learning method. It has two main steps which are linear reconstruction and linear embedding of points in the input space and embedding space, respectively. In this work, we propose two novel generative versions of LLE, named Generative LLE (GLLE), whose linear reconstruction steps are stochastic rather than deterministic. GLLE assumes that every data point is caused by its linear reconstruction weights as latent factors. The proposed GLLE algorithms can generate various LLE embeddings stochastically while all the generated embeddings relate to the original LLE embedding. We propose two versions for stochastic linear reconstruction, one using expectation maximization and another with direct sampling from a derived distribution by optimization. The proposed GLLE methods are closely related to and inspired by variational inference, factor analysis, and probabilistic principal component analysis. Our simulations show that the proposed GLLE methods work effectively in unfolding and generating submanifolds of data.      
### 79.Detection of COVID-19 Disease using Deep Neural Networks with Ultrasound Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01509.pdf)
>  The new coronavirus 2019 (COVID-2019) has rapidly become a pandemic and has had a devastating effect on both everyday life, public health and the global economy. It is critical to detect positive cases as early as possible to prevent the further spread of this epidemic and to treat affected patients quickly. The need for auxiliary diagnostic tools has increased as accurate automated tool kits are not available. This paper presents a work in progress that proposes the analysis of images of lung ultrasound scans using a convolutional neural network. The trained model will be used on a Raspberry Pi to predict on new images.      
### 80.Towards Self-Adaptive Metric Learning On the Fly  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01495.pdf)
>  Good quality similarity metrics can significantly facilitate the performance of many large-scale, real-world applications. Existing studies have proposed various solutions to learn a Mahalanobis or bilinear metric in an online fashion by either restricting distances between similar (dissimilar) pairs to be smaller (larger) than a given lower (upper) bound or requiring similar instances to be separated from dissimilar instances with a given margin. However, these linear metrics learned by leveraging fixed bounds or margins may not perform well in real-world applications, especially when data distributions are complex. We aim to address the open challenge of "Online Adaptive Metric Learning" (OAML) for learning adaptive metric functions on the fly. Unlike traditional online metric learning methods, OAML is significantly more challenging since the learned metric could be non-linear and the model has to be self-adaptive as more instances are observed. In this paper, we present a new online metric learning framework that attempts to tackle the challenge by learning an ANN-based metric with adaptive model complexity from a stream of constraints. In particular, we propose a novel Adaptive-Bound Triplet Loss (ABTL) to effectively utilize the input constraints and present a novel Adaptive Hedge Update (AHU) method for online updating the model parameters. We empirically validate the effectiveness and efficacy of our framework on various applications such as real-world image classification, facial verification, and image retrieval.      
### 81.Training Deep Normalizing Flow Models in Highly Incomplete Data Scenarios with Prior Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01482.pdf)
>  Deep generative frameworks including GANs and normalizing flow models have proven successful at filling in missing values in partially observed data samples by effectively learning -- either explicitly or implicitly -- complex, high-dimensional statistical distributions. In tasks where the data available for learning is only partially observed, however, their performance decays monotonically as a function of the data missingness rate. In high missing data rate regimes (e.g., 60% and above), it has been observed that state-of-the-art models tend to break down and produce unrealistic and/or semantically inaccurate data. We propose a novel framework to facilitate the learning of data distributions in high paucity scenarios that is inspired by traditional formulations of solutions to ill-posed problems. The proposed framework naturally stems from posing the process of learning from incomplete data as a joint optimization task of the parameters of the model being learned and the missing data values. The method involves enforcing a prior regularization term that seamlessly integrates with objectives used to train explicit and tractable deep generative frameworks such as deep normalizing flow models. We demonstrate via extensive experimental validation that the proposed framework outperforms competing techniques, particularly as the rate of data paucity approaches unity.      
### 82.MR-Contrast-Aware Image-to-Image Translations with Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01449.pdf)
>  Purpose <br>A Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) exam typically consists of several sequences that yield different image contrasts. Each sequence is parameterized through multiple acquisition parameters that influence image contrast, signal-to-noise ratio, acquisition time, and/or resolution. Depending on the clinical indication, different contrasts are required by the radiologist to make a diagnosis. As MR sequence acquisition is time consuming and acquired images may be corrupted due to motion, a method to synthesize MR images with adjustable contrast properties is required. <br>Methods <br>Therefore, we trained an image-to-image generative adversarial network conditioned on the MR acquisition parameters repetition time and echo time. Our approach is motivated by style transfer networks, whereas the "style" for an image is explicitly given in our case, as it is determined by the MR acquisition parameters our network is conditioned on. <br>Results <br>This enables us to synthesize MR images with adjustable image contrast. We evaluated our approach on the fastMRI dataset, a large set of publicly available MR knee images, and show that our method outperforms a benchmark pix2pix approach in the translation of non-fat-saturated MR images to fat-saturated images. Our approach yields a peak signal-to-noise ratio and structural similarity of 24.48 and 0.66, surpassing the pix2pix benchmark model significantly. <br>Conclusion <br>Our model is the first that enables fine-tuned contrast synthesis, which can be used to synthesize missing MR contrasts or as a data augmentation technique for AI training in MRI.      
### 83.IDOL-Net: An Interactive Dual-Domain Parallel Network for CT Metal Artifact Reduction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01405.pdf)
>  Due to the presence of metallic implants, the imaging quality of computed tomography (CT) would be heavily degraded. With the rapid development of deep learning, several network models have been proposed for metal artifact reduction (MAR). Since the dual-domain MAR methods can leverage the hybrid information from both sinogram and image domains, they have significantly improved the performance compared to single-domain methods. However,current dual-domain methods usually operate on both domains in a specific order, which implicitly imposes a certain priority prior into MAR and may ignore the latent information interaction between both domains. To address this problem, in this paper, we propose a novel interactive dualdomain parallel network for CT MAR, dubbed as IDOLNet. Different from existing dual-domain methods, the proposed IDOL-Net is composed of two modules. The disentanglement module is utilized to generate high-quality prior sinogram and image as the complementary inputs. The follow-up refinement module consists of two parallel and interactive branches that simultaneously operate on image and sinogram domain, fully exploiting the latent information interaction between both domains. The simulated and clinical results demonstrate that the proposed IDOL-Net outperforms several state-of-the-art models in both qualitative and quantitative aspects.      
### 84.Evaluating Explainable Artificial Intelligence Methods for Multi-label Deep Learning Classification Tasks in Remote Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01375.pdf)
>  Although deep neural networks hold the state-of-the-art in several remote sensing tasks, their black-box operation hinders the understanding of their decisions, concealing any bias and other shortcomings in datasets and model performance. To this end, we have applied explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) methods in remote sensing multi-label classification tasks towards producing human-interpretable explanations and improve transparency. In particular, we developed deep learning models with state-of-the-art performance in the benchmark BigEarthNet and SEN12MS datasets. Ten XAI methods were employed towards understanding and interpreting models' predictions, along with quantitative metrics to assess and compare their performance. Numerous experiments were performed to assess the overall performance of XAI methods for straightforward prediction cases, competing multiple labels, as well as misclassification cases. According to our findings, Occlusion, Grad-CAM and Lime were the most interpretable and reliable XAI methods. However, none delivers high-resolution outputs, while apart from Grad-CAM, both Lime and Occlusion are computationally expensive. We also highlight different aspects of XAI performance and elaborate with insights on black-box decisions in order to improve transparency, understand their behavior and reveal, as well, datasets' particularities.      
### 85.Removing Pixel Noises and Spatial Artifacts with Generative Diversity Denoising Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01374.pdf)
>  Image denoising and artefact removal are complex inverse problems admitting many potential solutions. Variational Autoencoders (VAEs) can be used to learn a whole distribution of sensible solutions, from which one can sample efficiently. However, such a generative approach to image restoration is only studied in the context of pixel-wise noise removal (e.g. Poisson or Gaussian noise). While important, a plethora of application domains suffer from imaging artefacts (structured noises) that alter groups of pixels in correlated ways. In this work we show, for the first time, that generative diversity denoising (GDD) approaches can learn to remove structured noises without supervision. To this end, we investigate two existing GDD architectures, introduce a new one based on hierarchical VAEs, and compare their performances against a total of seven state-of-the-art baseline methods on five sources of structured noise (including tomography reconstruction artefacts and microscopy artefacts). We find that GDD methods outperform all unsupervised baselines and in many cases not lagging far behind supervised results (in some occasions even superseding them). In addition to structured noise removal, we also show that our new GDD method produces new state-of-the-art (SOTA) results on seven out of eight benchmark datasets for pixel-noise removal. Finally, we offer insights into the daunting question of how GDD methods distinguish structured noise, which we like to see removed, from image signals, which we want to see retained.      
### 86.Multimedia Technology Applications and Algorithms: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01301.pdf)
>  Multimedia related research and development has evolved rapidly in the last few years with advancements in hardware, software and network infrastructures. As a result, multimedia has been integrated into domains like Healthcare and Medicine, Human facial feature extraction and tracking, pose recognition, disparity estimation, etc. This survey gives an overview of the various multimedia technologies and algorithms developed in the domains mentioned.      
### 87.Multi-class motion-based semantic segmentation for ureteroscopy and laser lithotripsy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01268.pdf)
>  Kidney stones represent a considerable burden for public health-care systems. Ureteroscopy with laser lithotripsy has evolved as the most commonly used technique for the treatment of kidney stones. Automated segmentation of kidney stones and laser fiber is an important initial step to performing any automated quantitative analysis of the stones, particularly stone-size estimation, that helps the surgeon decide if the stone requires more fragmentation. Factors such as turbid fluid inside the cavity, specularities, motion blur due to kidney movements and camera motion, bleeding, and stone debris impact the quality of vision within the kidney and lead to extended operative times. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt made towards multi-class segmentation in ureteroscopy and laser lithotripsy data. We propose an end-to-end CNN-based framework for the segmentation of stones and laser fiber. The proposed approach utilizes two sub-networks: HybResUNet, a version of residual U-Net, that uses residual connections in the encoder path of U-Net and a DVFNet that generates DVF predictions which are then used to prune the prediction maps. We also present ablation studies that combine dilated convolutions, recurrent and residual connections, ASPP and attention gate. We propose a compound loss function that improves our segmentation performance. We have also provided an ablation study to determine the optimal data augmentation strategy. Our qualitative and quantitative results illustrate that our proposed method outperforms SOTA methods such as UNet and DeepLabv3+ showing an improvement of 5.2% and 15.93%, respectively, for the combined mean of DSC and JI in our invivo test dataset. We also show that our proposed model generalizes better on a new clinical dataset showing a mean improvement of 25.4%, 20%, and 11% over UNet, HybResUNet, and DeepLabv3+, respectively, for the same metric.      
### 88.Robotic Waste Sorter with Agile Manipulation and Quickly Trainable Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01260.pdf)
>  Owing to human labor shortages, the automation of labor-intensive manual waste-sorting is needed. The goal of automating the waste-sorting is to replace the human role of robust detection and agile manipulation of the waste items by robots. To achieve this, we propose three methods. First, we propose a combined manipulation method using graspless push-and-drop and pick-and-release manipulation. Second, we propose a robotic system that can automatically collect object images to quickly train a deep neural network model. Third, we propose the method to mitigate the differences in the appearance of target objects from two scenes: one for the dataset collection and the other for waste sorting in a recycling factory. If differences exist, the performance of a trained waste detector could be decreased. We address differences in illumination and background by applying object scaling, histogram matching with histogram equalization, and background synthesis to the source target-object images. Via experiments in an indoor experimental workplace for waste-sorting, we confirmed the proposed methods enable quickly collecting the training image sets for three classes of waste items, i.e., aluminum can, glass bottle, and plastic bottle and detecting them with higher performance than the methods that do not consider the differences. We also confirmed that the proposed method enables the robot quickly manipulate them.      
### 89.Misclassification-Aware Gaussian Smoothing improves Robustness against Domain Shifts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.01231.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks achieve high prediction accuracy when the train and test distributions coincide. However, in practice various types of corruptions can deviate from this setup and performance can be heavily degraded. There have been only a few methods to address generalization in presence of unexpected domain shifts observed during deployment. In this paper, a misclassification-aware Gaussian smoothing approach is presented to improve the robustness of image classifiers against a variety of corruptions while maintaining clean accuracy. The intuition behind our proposed misclassification-aware objective is revealed through bounds on the local loss deviation in the small-noise regime. When our method is coupled with additional data augmentations, it is empirically shown to improve upon the state-of-the-art in robustness and uncertainty calibration on several image classification tasks.      
