# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 14 Apr 2021
### 1.BARF: Bundle-Adjusting Neural Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06405.pdf)
>  Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) have recently gained a surge of interest within the computer vision community for its power to synthesize photorealistic novel views of real-world scenes. One limitation of NeRF, however, is its requirement of accurate camera poses to learn the scene representations. In this paper, we propose Bundle-Adjusting Neural Radiance Fields (BARF) for training NeRF from imperfect (or even unknown) camera poses -- the joint problem of learning neural 3D representations and registering camera frames. We establish a theoretical connection to classical image alignment and show that coarse-to-fine registration is also applicable to NeRF. Furthermore, we show that naïvely applying positional encoding in NeRF has a negative impact on registration with a synthesis-based objective. Experiments on synthetic and real-world data show that BARF can effectively optimize the neural scene representations and resolve large camera pose misalignment at the same time. This enables view synthesis and localization of video sequences from unknown camera poses, opening up new avenues for visual localization systems (e.g. SLAM) and potential applications for dense 3D mapping and reconstruction.      
### 2.Pointly-Supervised Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06404.pdf)
>  We propose point-based instance-level annotation, a new form of weak supervision for instance segmentation. It combines the standard bounding box annotation with labeled points that are uniformly sampled inside each bounding box. We show that the existing instance segmentation models developed for full mask supervision, like Mask R-CNN, can be seamlessly trained with the point-based annotation without any major modifications. In our experiments, Mask R-CNN models trained on COCO, PASCAL VOC, Cityscapes, and LVIS with only 10 annotated points per object achieve 94%--98% of their fully-supervised performance. The new point-based annotation is approximately 5 times faster to collect than object masks, making high-quality instance segmentation more accessible for new data. <br>Inspired by the new annotation form, we propose a modification to PointRend instance segmentation module. For each object, the new architecture, called Implicit PointRend, generates parameters for a function that makes the final point-level mask prediction. Implicit PointRend is more straightforward and uses a single point-level mask loss. Our experiments show that the new module is more suitable for the proposed point-based supervision.      
### 3.Lite-HRNet: A Lightweight High-Resolution Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06403.pdf)
>  We present an efficient high-resolution network, Lite-HRNet, for human pose estimation. We start by simply applying the efficient shuffle block in ShuffleNet to HRNet (high-resolution network), yielding stronger performance over popular lightweight networks, such as MobileNet, ShuffleNet, and Small HRNet. <br>We find that the heavily-used pointwise (1x1) convolutions in shuffle blocks become the computational bottleneck. We introduce a lightweight unit, conditional channel weighting, to replace costly pointwise (1x1) convolutions in shuffle blocks. The complexity of channel weighting is linear w.r.t the number of channels and lower than the quadratic time complexity for pointwise convolutions. Our solution learns the weights from all the channels and over multiple resolutions that are readily available in the parallel branches in HRNet. It uses the weights as the bridge to exchange information across channels and resolutions, compensating the role played by the pointwise (1x1) convolution. Lite-HRNet demonstrates superior results on human pose estimation over popular lightweight networks. Moreover, Lite-HRNet can be easily applied to semantic segmentation task in the same lightweight manner. The code and models have been publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HRNet/Lite-HRNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.DropLoss for Long-Tail Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06402.pdf)
>  Long-tailed class distributions are prevalent among the practical applications of object detection and instance segmentation. Prior work in long-tail instance segmentation addresses the imbalance of losses between rare and frequent categories by reducing the penalty for a model incorrectly predicting a rare class label. We demonstrate that the rare categories are heavily suppressed by correct background predictions, which reduces the probability for all foreground categories with equal weight. Due to the relative infrequency of rare categories, this leads to an imbalance that biases towards predicting more frequent categories. Based on this insight, we develop DropLoss -- a novel adaptive loss to compensate for this imbalance without a trade-off between rare and frequent categories. With this loss, we show state-of-the-art mAP across rare, common, and frequent categories on the LVIS dataset.      
### 5.Self-supervised object detection from audio-visual correspondence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06401.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of learning object detectors without supervision. Differently from weakly-supervised object detection, we do not assume image-level class labels. Instead, we extract a supervisory signal from audio-visual data, using the audio component to "teach" the object detector. While this problem is related to sound source localisation, it is considerably harder because the detector must classify the objects by type, enumerate each instance of the object, and do so even when the object is silent. We tackle this problem by first designing a self-supervised framework with a contrastive objective that jointly learns to classify and localise objects. Then, without using any supervision, we simply use these self-supervised labels and boxes to train an image-based object detector. With this, we outperform previous unsupervised and weakly-supervised detectors for the task of object detection and sound source localization. We also show that we can align this detector to ground-truth classes with as little as one label per pseudo-class, and show how our method can learn to detect generic objects that go beyond instruments, such as airplanes and cats.      
### 6.Co-Scale Conv-Attentional Image Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06399.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present Co-scale conv-attentional image Transformers (CoaT), a Transformer-based image classifier equipped with co-scale and conv-attentional mechanisms. First, the co-scale mechanism maintains the integrity of Transformers' encoder branches at individual scales, while allowing representations learned at different scales to effectively communicate with each other; we design a series of serial and parallel blocks to realize the co-scale attention mechanism. Second, we devise a conv-attentional mechanism by realizing a relative position embedding formulation in the factorized attention module with an efficient convolution-like implementation. CoaT empowers image Transformers with enriched multi-scale and contextual modeling capabilities. On ImageNet, relatively small CoaT models attain superior classification results compared with the similar-sized convolutional neural networks and image/vision Transformers. The effectiveness of CoaT's backbone is also illustrated on object detection and instance segmentation, demonstrating its applicability to the downstream computer vision tasks.      
### 7.Shape and Material Capture at Home  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06397.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a technique for estimating the geometry and reflectance of objects using only a camera, flashlight, and optionally a tripod. We propose a simple data capture technique in which the user goes around the object, illuminating it with a flashlight and capturing only a few images. Our main technical contribution is the introduction of a recursive neural architecture, which can predict geometry and reflectance at 2^{k}*2^{k} resolution given an input image at 2^{k}*2^{k} and estimated geometry and reflectance from the previous step at 2^{k-1}*2^{k-1}. This recursive architecture, termed RecNet, is trained with 256x256 resolution but can easily operate on 1024x1024 images during inference. We show that our method produces more accurate surface normal and albedo, especially in regions of specular highlights and cast shadows, compared to previous approaches, given three or fewer input images. For the video and code, please visit the project website <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://dlichy.github.io/ShapeAndMaterialAtHome/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 8.All you need are a few pixels: semantic segmentation with PixelPick  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06394.pdf)
>  A central challenge for the task of semantic segmentation is the prohibitive cost of obtaining dense pixel-level annotations to supervise model training. In this work, we show that in order to achieve a good level of segmentation performance, all you need are a few well-chosen pixel labels. We make the following contributions: (i) We investigate the novel semantic segmentation setting in which labels are supplied only at sparse pixel locations, and show that deep neural networks can use a handful of such labels to good effect; (ii) We demonstrate how to exploit this phenomena within an active learning framework, termed PixelPick, to radically reduce labelling cost, and propose an efficient "mouse-free" annotation strategy to implement our approach; (iii) We conduct extensive experiments to study the influence of annotation diversity under a fixed budget, model pretraining, model capacity and the sampling mechanism for picking pixels in this low annotation regime; (iv) We provide comparisons to the existing state of the art in semantic segmentation with active learning, and demonstrate comparable performance with up to two orders of magnitude fewer pixel annotations on the CamVid, Cityscapes and PASCAL VOC 2012 benchmarks; (v) Finally, we evaluate the efficiency of our annotation pipeline and its sensitivity to annotator error to demonstrate its practicality.      
### 9.Very Lightweight Photo Retouching Network with Conditional Sequential Modulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06279.pdf)
>  Photo retouching aims at improving the aesthetic visual quality of images that suffer from photographic defects such as poor contrast, over/under exposure, and inharmonious saturation. In practice, photo retouching can be accomplished by a series of image processing operations. As most commonly-used retouching operations are pixel-independent, i.e., the manipulation on one pixel is uncorrelated with its neighboring pixels, we can take advantage of this property and design a specialized algorithm for efficient global photo retouching. We analyze these global operations and find that they can be mathematically formulated by a Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP). Based on this observation, we propose an extremely lightweight framework -- Conditional Sequential Retouching Network (CSRNet). Benefiting from the utilization of $1\times1$ convolution, CSRNet only contains less than 37K trainable parameters, which are orders of magnitude smaller than existing learning-based methods. Experiments show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on the benchmark MIT-Adobe FiveK dataset quantitively and qualitatively. In addition to achieve global photo retouching, the proposed framework can be easily extended to learn local enhancement effects. The extended model, namly CSRNet-L, also achieves competitive results in various local enhancement tasks. Codes will be available.      
### 10.UAV-ReID: A Benchmark on Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06219.pdf)
>  As unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) become more accessible with a growing range of applications, the potential risk of UAV disruption increases. Recent development in deep learning allows vision-based counter-UAV systems to detect and track UAVs with a single camera. However, the coverage of a single camera is limited, necessitating the need for multicamera configurations to match UAVs across cameras - a problem known as re-identification (reID). While there has been extensive research on person and vehicle reID to match objects across time and viewpoints, to the best of our knowledge, there has been no research in UAV reID. UAVs are challenging to re-identify: they are much smaller than pedestrians and vehicles and they are often detected in the air so appear at a greater range of angles. Because no UAV data sets currently use multiple cameras, we propose the first new UAV re-identification data set, UAV-reID, that facilitates the development of machine learning solutions in this emerging area. UAV-reID has two settings: Temporally-Near to evaluate performance across views to assist tracking frameworks, and Big-to-Small to evaluate reID performance across scale and to allow early reID when UAVs are detected from a long distance. We conduct a benchmark study by extensively evaluating different reID backbones and loss functions. We demonstrate that with the right setup, deep networks are powerful enough to learn good representations for UAVs, achieving 81.9% mAP on the Temporally-Near setting and 46.5% on the challenging Big-to-Small setting. Furthermore, we find that vision transformers are the most robust to extreme variance of scale.      
### 11.Anomaly Detection in Image Datasets Using Convolutional Neural Networks, Center Loss, and Mahalanobis Distance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06193.pdf)
>  User activities generate a significant number of poor-quality or irrelevant images and data vectors that cannot be processed in the main data processing pipeline or included in the training dataset. Such samples can be found with manual analysis by an expert or with anomalous detection algorithms. There are several formal definitions for the anomaly samples. For neural networks, the anomalous is usually defined as out-of-distribution samples. This work proposes methods for supervised and semi-supervised detection of out-of-distribution samples in image datasets. Our approach extends a typical neural network that solves the image classification problem. Thus, one neural network after extension can solve image classification and anomalous detection problems simultaneously. Proposed methods are based on the center loss and its effect on a deep feature distribution in a last hidden layer of the neural network. This paper provides an analysis of the proposed methods for the LeNet and EfficientNet-B0 on the MNIST and ImageNet-30 datasets.      
### 12.Aliasing is your Ally: End-to-End Super-Resolution from Raw Image Bursts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06191.pdf)
>  This presentation addresses the problem of reconstructing a high-resolution image from multiple lower-resolution snapshots captured from slightly different viewpoints in space and time. Key challenges for solving this problem include (i) aligning the input pictures with sub-pixel accuracy, (ii) handling raw (noisy) images for maximal faithfulness to native camera data, and (iii) designing/learning an image prior (regularizer) well suited to the task. We address these three challenges with a hybrid algorithm building on the insight from Wronski et al. that aliasing is an ally in this setting, with parameters that can be learned end to end, while retaining the interpretability of classical approaches to inverse problems. The effectiveness of our approach is demonstrated on synthetic and real image bursts, setting a new state of the art on several benchmarks and delivering excellent qualitative results on real raw bursts captured by smartphones and prosumer cameras.      
### 13.Towards Fast and Accurate Real-World Depth Super-Resolution: Benchmark Dataset and Baseline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06174.pdf)
>  Depth maps obtained by commercial depth sensors are always in low-resolution, making it difficult to be used in various computer vision tasks. Thus, depth map super-resolution (SR) is a practical and valuable task, which upscales the depth map into high-resolution (HR) space. However, limited by the lack of real-world paired low-resolution (LR) and HR depth maps, most existing methods use downsampling to obtain paired training samples. To this end, we first construct a large-scale dataset named "RGB-D-D", which can greatly promote the study of depth map SR and even more depth-related real-world tasks. The "D-D" in our dataset represents the paired LR and HR depth maps captured from mobile phone and Lucid Helios respectively ranging from indoor scenes to challenging outdoor scenes. Besides, we provide a fast depth map super-resolution (FDSR) baseline, in which the high-frequency component adaptively decomposed from RGB image to guide the depth map SR. Extensive experiments on existing public datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our network compared with the state-of-the-art methods. Moreover, for the real-world LR depth maps, our algorithm can produce more accurate HR depth maps with clearer boundaries and to some extent correct the depth value errors.      
### 14.PHI-MVS: Plane Hypothesis Inference Multi-view Stereo for Large-Scale Scene Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06165.pdf)
>  PatchMatch based Multi-view Stereo (MVS) algorithms have achieved great success in large-scale scene reconstruction tasks. However, reconstruction of texture-less planes often fails as similarity measurement methods may become ineffective on these regions. Thus, a new plane hypothesis inference strategy is proposed to handle the above issue. The procedure consists of two steps: First, multiple plane hypotheses are generated using filtered initial depth maps on regions that are not successfully recovered; Second, depth hypotheses are selected using Markov Random Field (MRF). The strategy can significantly improve the completeness of reconstruction results with only acceptable computing time increasing. Besides, a new acceleration scheme similar to dilated convolution can speed up the depth map estimating process with only a slight influence on the reconstruction. We integrated the above ideas into a new MVS pipeline, Plane Hypothesis Inference Multi-view Stereo (PHI-MVS). The result of PHI-MVS is validated on ETH3D public benchmarks, and it demonstrates competing performance against the state-of-the-art.      
### 15.Fast Hierarchical Games for Image Explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06164.pdf)
>  As modern complex neural networks keep breaking records and solving harder problems, their predictions also become less and less intelligible. The current lack of interpretability often undermines the deployment of accurate machine learning tools in sensitive settings. In this work, we present a model-agnostic explanation method for image classification based on a hierarchical extension of Shapley coefficients --Hierarchical Shap (h-Shap)-- that resolves some of the limitations of current approaches. Unlike other Shapley-based explanation methods, h-Shap is scalable and can be computed without the need of approximation. Under certain distributional assumptions, such as those common in multiple instance learning, h-Shap retrieves the exact Shapley coefficients with an exponential improvement in computational complexity. We compare our hierarchical approach with popular Shapley-based and non-Shapley-based methods on a synthetic dataset, a medical imaging scenario, and a general computer vision problem, showing that h-Shap outperforms the state of the art in both accuracy and runtime. Code and experiments are made publicly available.      
### 16.Contrastive Context-Aware Learning for 3D High-Fidelity Mask Face Presentation Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06148.pdf)
>  Face presentation attack detection (PAD) is essential to secure face recognition systems primarily from high-fidelity mask attacks. Most existing 3D mask PAD benchmarks suffer from several drawbacks: 1) a limited number of mask identities, types of sensors, and a total number of videos; 2) low-fidelity quality of facial masks. Basic deep models and remote photoplethysmography (rPPG) methods achieved acceptable performance on these benchmarks but still far from the needs of practical scenarios. To bridge the gap to real-world applications, we introduce a largescale High-Fidelity Mask dataset, namely CASIA-SURF HiFiMask (briefly HiFiMask). Specifically, a total amount of 54,600 videos are recorded from 75 subjects with 225 realistic masks by 7 new kinds of sensors. Together with the dataset, we propose a novel Contrastive Context-aware Learning framework, namely CCL. CCL is a new training methodology for supervised PAD tasks, which is able to learn by leveraging rich contexts accurately (e.g., subjects, mask material and lighting) among pairs of live faces and high-fidelity mask attacks. Extensive experimental evaluations on HiFiMask and three additional 3D mask datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.      
### 17.Zeus: Efficiently Localizing Actions in Videos using Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06142.pdf)
>  Detection and localization of actions in videos is an important problem in practice. A traffic analyst might be interested in studying the patterns in which vehicles move at a given intersection. State-of-the-art video analytics systems are unable to efficiently and effectively answer such action queries. The reasons are threefold. First, action detection and localization tasks require computationally expensive deep neural networks. Second, actions are often rare events. Third, actions are spread across a sequence of frames. It is important to take the entire sequence of frames into context for effectively answering the query. It is critical to quickly skim through the irrelevant parts of the video to answer the action query efficiently. <br>In this paper, we present Zeus, a video analytics system tailored for answering action queries. We propose a novel technique for efficiently answering these queries using a deep reinforcement learning agent. Zeus trains an agent that learns to adaptively modify the input video segments to an action classification network. The agent alters the input segments along three dimensions -- sampling rate, segment length, and resolution. Besides efficiency, Zeus is capable of answering the query at a user-specified target accuracy using a query optimizer that trains the agent based on an accuracy-aware reward function. Our evaluation of Zeus on a novel action localization dataset shows that it outperforms the state-of-the-art frame- and window-based techniques by up to 1.4x and 3x, respectively. Furthermore, unlike the frame-based technique, it satisfies the user-specified target accuracy across all the queries, at up to 2x higher accuracy, than frame-based methods.      
### 18.Automatic Correction of Internal Units in Generative Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06118.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have shown satisfactory performance in synthetic image generation by devising complex network structure and adversarial training scheme. Even though GANs are able to synthesize realistic images, there exists a number of generated images with defective visual patterns which are known as artifacts. While most of the recent work tries to fix artifact generations by perturbing latent code, few investigate internal units of a generator to fix them. In this work, we devise a method that automatically identifies the internal units generating various types of artifact images. We further propose the sequential correction algorithm which adjusts the generation flow by modifying the detected artifact units to improve the quality of generation while preserving the original outline. Our method outperforms the baseline method in terms of FID-score and shows satisfactory results with human evaluation.      
### 19.Back-tracing Representative Points for Voting-based 3D Object Detection in Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06114.pdf)
>  3D object detection in point clouds is a challenging vision task that benefits various applications for understanding the 3D visual world. Lots of recent research focuses on how to exploit end-to-end trainable Hough voting for generating object proposals. However, the current voting strategy can only receive partial votes from the surfaces of potential objects together with severe outlier votes from the cluttered backgrounds, which hampers full utilization of the information from the input point clouds. Inspired by the back-tracing strategy in the conventional Hough voting methods, in this work, we introduce a new 3D object detection method, named as Back-tracing Representative Points Network (BRNet), which generatively back-traces the representative points from the vote centers and also revisits complementary seed points around these generated points, so as to better capture the fine local structural features surrounding the potential objects from the raw point clouds. Therefore, this bottom-up and then top-down strategy in our BRNet enforces mutual consistency between the predicted vote centers and the raw surface points and thus achieves more reliable and flexible object localization and class prediction results. Our BRNet is simple but effective, which significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on two large-scale point cloud datasets, ScanNet V2 (+7.5% in terms of mAP@0.50) and SUN RGB-D (+4.7% in terms of mAP@0.50), while it is still lightweight and efficient. Code will be available at \href{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cheng052/BRNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}{this https URL}.      
### 20.Improving Long-Tailed Classification from Instance Level  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06094.pdf)
>  Data in the real world tends to exhibit a long-tailed label distribution, which poses great challenges for neural networks in classification. Existing methods tackle this problem mainly from the coarse-grained class level, ignoring the difference among instances, e.g., hard samples vs. easy samples. In this paper, we revisit the long-tailed problem from the instance level and propose two instance-level components to improve long-tailed classification. The first one is an Adaptive Logit Adjustment (ALA) loss, which applies an adaptive adjusting term to the logit. Different from the adjusting terms in existing methods that are class-dependent and only focus on tail classes, we carefully design an instance-specific term and add it on the class-dependent term to make the network pay more attention to not only tailed class, but more importantly hard samples. The second one is a Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) network, which contains a multi-expert module and an instance-aware routing module. The routing module is designed to dynamically integrate the results of multiple experts according to each input instance, and is trained jointly with the experts network in an end-to-end manner.Extensive experiment results show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by 1% to 5% on common long-tailed benchmarks including ImageNet-LT and iNaturalist.      
### 21.Interpretability-Driven Sample Selection Using Self Supervised Learning For Disease Classification And Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06087.pdf)
>  In supervised learning for medical image analysis, sample selection methodologies are fundamental to attain optimum system performance promptly and with minimal expert interactions (e.g. label querying in an active learning setup). In this paper we propose a novel sample selection methodology based on deep features leveraging information contained in interpretability saliency maps. In the absence of ground truth labels for informative samples, we use a novel self supervised learning based approach for training a classifier that learns to identify the most informative sample in a given batch of images. We demonstrate the benefits of the proposed approach, termed Interpretability-Driven Sample Selection (IDEAL), in an active learning setup aimed at lung disease classification and histopathology image segmentation. We analyze three different approaches to determine sample informativeness from interpretability saliency maps: (i) an observational model stemming from findings on previous uncertainty-based sample selection approaches, (ii) a radiomics-based model, and (iii) a novel data-driven self-supervised approach. We compare IDEAL to other baselines using the publicly available NIH chest X-ray dataset for lung disease classification, and a public histopathology segmentation dataset (GLaS), demonstrating the potential of using interpretability information for sample selection in active learning systems. Results show our proposed self supervised approach outperforms other approaches in selecting informative samples leading to state of the art performance with fewer samples.      
### 22.Mixed supervision for surface-defect detection: from weakly to fully supervised learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06064.pdf)
>  Deep-learning methods have recently started being employed for addressing surface-defect detection problems in industrial quality control. However, with a large amount of data needed for learning, often requiring high-precision labels, many industrial problems cannot be easily solved, or the cost of the solutions would significantly increase due to the annotation requirements. In this work, we relax heavy requirements of fully supervised learning methods and reduce the need for highly detailed annotations. By proposing a deep-learning architecture, we explore the use of annotations of different details ranging from weak (image-level) labels through mixed supervision to full (pixel-level) annotations on the task of surface-defect detection. The proposed end-to-end architecture is composed of two sub-networks yielding defect segmentation and classification results. The proposed method is evaluated on several datasets for industrial quality inspection: KolektorSDD, DAGM and Severstal Steel Defect. We also present a new dataset termed KolektorSDD2 with over 3000 images containing several types of defects, obtained while addressing a real-world industrial problem. We demonstrate state-of-the-art results on all four datasets. The proposed method outperforms all related approaches in fully supervised settings and also outperforms weakly-supervised methods when only image-level labels are available. We also show that mixed supervision with only a handful of fully annotated samples added to weakly labelled training images can result in performance comparable to the fully supervised model's performance but at a significantly lower annotation cost.      
### 23.First and Second Order Dynamics in a Hierarchical SOM system for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06059.pdf)
>  Human recognition of the actions of other humans is very efficient and is based on patterns of movements. Our theoretical starting point is that the dynamics of the joint movements is important to action categorization. On the basis of this theory, we present a novel action recognition system that employs a hierarchy of Self-Organizing Maps together with a custom supervised neural network that learns to categorize actions. The system preprocesses the input from a Kinect like 3D camera to exploit the information not only about joint positions, but also their first and second order dynamics. We evaluate our system in two experiments with publicly available data sets, and compare its performance to the performance with less sophisticated preprocessing of the input. The results show that including the dynamics of the actions improves the performance. We also apply an attention mechanism that focuses on the parts of the body that are the most involved in performing the actions.      
### 24.OCM3D: Object-Centric Monocular 3D Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06041.pdf)
>  Image-only and pseudo-LiDAR representations are commonly used for monocular 3D object detection. However, methods based on them have shortcomings of either not well capturing the spatial relationships in neighbored image pixels or being hard to handle the noisy nature of the monocular pseudo-LiDAR point cloud. To overcome these issues, in this paper we propose a novel object-centric voxel representation tailored for monocular 3D object detection. Specifically, voxels are built on each object proposal, and their sizes are adaptively determined by the 3D spatial distribution of the points, allowing the noisy point cloud to be organized effectively within a voxel grid. This representation is proved to be able to locate the object in 3D space accurately. Furthermore, prior works would like to estimate the orientation via deep features extracted from an entire image or a noisy point cloud. By contrast, we argue that the local RoI information from the object image patch alone with a proper resizing scheme is a better input as it provides complete semantic clues meanwhile excludes irrelevant interferences. Besides, we decompose the confidence mechanism in monocular 3D object detection by considering the relationship between 3D objects and the associated 2D boxes. Evaluated on KITTI, our method outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a large margin. The code will be made publicly available soon.      
### 25.Global Transport for Fluid Reconstruction with Learned Self-Supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06031.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method to reconstruct volumetric flows from sparse views via a global transport formulation. Instead of obtaining the space-time function of the observations, we reconstruct its motion based on a single initial state. In addition we introduce a learned self-supervision that constrains observations from unseen angles. These visual constraints are coupled via the transport constraints and a differentiable rendering step to arrive at a robust end-to-end reconstruction algorithm. This makes the reconstruction of highly realistic flow motions possible, even from only a single input view. We show with a variety of synthetic and real flows that the proposed global reconstruction of the transport process yields an improved reconstruction of the fluid motion.      
### 26.Disentangled Motif-aware Graph Learning for Phrase Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06008.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel graph learning framework for phrase grounding in the image. Developing from the sequential to the dense graph model, existing works capture coarse-grained context but fail to distinguish the diversity of context among phrases and image regions. In contrast, we pay special attention to different motifs implied in the context of the scene graph and devise the disentangled graph network to integrate the motif-aware contextual information into representations. Besides, we adopt interventional strategies at the feature and the structure levels to consolidate and generalize representations. Finally, the cross-modal attention network is utilized to fuse intra-modal features, where each phrase can be computed similarity with regions to select the best-grounded one. We validate the efficiency of disentangled and interventional graph network (DIGN) through a series of ablation studies, and our model achieves state-of-the-art performance on Flickr30K Entities and ReferIt Game benchmarks.      
### 27.VariTex: Variational Neural Face Textures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05988.pdf)
>  Deep generative models have recently demonstrated the ability to synthesize photorealistic images of human faces with novel identities. A key challenge to the wide applicability of such techniques is to provide independent control over semantically meaningful parameters: appearance, head pose, face shape, and facial expressions. In this paper, we propose VariTex - to the best of our knowledge the first method that learns a variational latent feature space of neural face textures, which allows sampling of novel identities. We combine this generative model with a parametric face model and gain explicit control over head pose and facial expressions. To generate images of complete human heads, we propose an additive decoder that generates plausible additional details such as hair. A novel training scheme enforces a pose independent latent space and in consequence, allows learning of a one-to-many mapping between latent codes and pose-conditioned exterior regions. The resulting method can generate geometrically consistent images of novel identities allowing fine-grained control over head pose, face shape, and facial expressions, facilitating a broad range of downstream tasks, like sampling novel identities, re-posing, expression transfer, and more.      
### 28.CLEVR_HYP: A Challenge Dataset and Baselines for Visual Question Answering with Hypothetical Actions over Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05981.pdf)
>  Most existing research on visual question answering (VQA) is limited to information explicitly present in an image or a video. In this paper, we take visual understanding to a higher level where systems are challenged to answer questions that involve mentally simulating the hypothetical consequences of performing specific actions in a given scenario. Towards that end, we formulate a vision-language question answering task based on the CLEVR (Johnson et. al., 2017) dataset. We then modify the best existing VQA methods and propose baseline solvers for this task. Finally, we motivate the development of better vision-language models by providing insights about the capability of diverse architectures to perform joint reasoning over image-text modality. Our dataset setup scripts and codes will be made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shailaja183/clevr_hyp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.SPARK: SPAcecraft Recognition leveraging Knowledge of Space Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05978.pdf)
>  This paper proposes the SPARK dataset as a new unique space object multi-modal image dataset. Image-based object recognition is an important component of Space Situational Awareness, especially for applications such as on-orbit servicing, active debris removal, and satellite formation. However, the lack of sufficient annotated space data has limited research efforts in developing data-driven spacecraft recognition approaches. The SPARK dataset has been generated under a realistic space simulation environment, with a large diversity in sensing conditions for different orbital scenarios. It provides about 150k images per modality, RGB and depth, and 11 classes for spacecrafts and debris. This dataset offers an opportunity to benchmark and further develop object recognition, classification and detection algorithms, as well as multi-modal RGB-Depth approaches under space sensing conditions. Preliminary experimental evaluation validates the relevance of the data, and highlights interesting challenging scenarios specific to the space environment.      
### 30.Learning Multi-modal Information for Robust Light Field Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05971.pdf)
>  Light field data has been demonstrated to facilitate the depth estimation task. Most learning-based methods estimate the depth infor-mation from EPI or sub-aperture images, while less methods pay attention to the focal stack. Existing learning-based depth estimation methods from the focal stack lead to suboptimal performance because of the defocus blur. In this paper, we propose a multi-modal learning method for robust light field depth estimation. We first excavate the internal spatial correlation by designing a context reasoning unit which separately extracts comprehensive contextual information from the focal stack and RGB images. Then we integrate the contextual information by exploiting a attention-guide cross-modal fusion module. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our method achieves superior performance than existing representative methods on two light field datasets. Moreover, visual results on a mobile phone dataset show that our method can be widely used in daily life.      
### 31.Crossover Learning for Fast Online Video Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05970.pdf)
>  Modeling temporal visual context across frames is critical for video instance segmentation (VIS) and other video understanding tasks. In this paper, we propose a fast online VIS model named CrossVIS. For temporal information modeling in VIS, we present a novel crossover learning scheme that uses the instance feature in the current frame to pixel-wisely localize the same instance in other frames. Different from previous schemes, crossover learning does not require any additional network parameters for feature enhancement. By integrating with the instance segmentation loss, crossover learning enables efficient cross-frame instance-to-pixel relation learning and brings cost-free improvement during inference. Besides, a global balanced instance embedding branch is proposed for more accurate and more stable online instance association. We conduct extensive experiments on three challenging VIS benchmarks, \ie, YouTube-VIS-2019, OVIS, and YouTube-VIS-2021 to evaluate our methods. To our knowledge, CrossVIS achieves state-of-the-art performance among all online VIS methods and shows a decent trade-off between latency and accuracy. Code will be available to facilitate future research.      
### 32.Dynamic Fusion Network For Light Field Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05969.pdf)
>  Focus based methods have shown promising results for the task of depth estimation. However, most existing focus based depth estimation approaches depend on maximal sharpness of the focal stack. Out of focus information in the focal stack poses challenges for this task. In this paper, we propose a dynamically multi modal learning strategy which incorporates RGB data and the focal stack in our framework. Our goal is to deeply excavate the spatial correlation in the focal stack by designing the spatial correlation perception module and dynamically fuse multi modal information between RGB data and the focal stack in a adaptive way by designing the multi modal dynamic fusion module. The success of our method is demonstrated by achieving the state of the art performance on two datasets. Furthermore, we test our network on a set of different focused images generated by a smart phone camera to prove that the proposed method not only broke the limitation of only using light field data, but also open a path toward practical applications of depth estimation on common consumer level cameras data.      
### 33.Dealing with Missing Modalities in the Visual Question Answer-Difference Prediction Task through Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05965.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the issues of missing modalities that have arisen from the Visual Question Answer-Difference prediction task and find a novel method to solve the task at hand. We address the missing modality-the ground truth answers-that are not present at test time and use a privileged knowledge distillation scheme to deal with the issue of the missing modality. In order to efficiently do so, we first introduce a model, the "Big" Teacher, that takes the image/question/answer triplet as its input and outperforms the baseline, then use a combination of models to distill knowledge to a target network (student) that only takes the image/question pair as its inputs. We experiment our models on the VizWiz and VQA-V2 Answer Difference datasets and show through extensive experimentation and ablation the performances of our method and a diverse possibility for future research.      
### 34.Dynamic Texture Synthesis By Incorporating Long-range Spatial and Temporal Correlations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05940.pdf)
>  The main challenge of dynamic texture synthesis lies in how to maintain spatial and temporal consistency in synthesized videos. The major drawback of existing dynamic texture synthesis models comes from poor treatment of the long-range texture correlation and motion information. To address this problem, we incorporate a new loss term, called the Shifted Gram loss, to capture the structural and long-range correlation of the reference texture video. Furthermore, we introduce a frame sampling strategy to exploit long-period motion across multiple frames. With these two new techniques, the application scope of existing texture synthesis models can be extended. That is, they can synthesize not only homogeneous but also structured dynamic texture patterns. Thorough experimental results are provided to demonstrate that our proposed dynamic texture synthesis model offers state-of-the-art visual performance.      
### 35.VR3Dense: Voxel Representation Learning for 3D Object Detection and Monocular Dense Depth Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05932.pdf)
>  3D object detection and dense depth estimation are one of the most vital tasks in autonomous driving. Multiple sensor modalities can jointly attribute towards better robot perception, and to that end, we introduce a method for jointly training 3D object detection and monocular dense depth reconstruction neural networks. It takes as inputs, a LiDAR point-cloud, and a single RGB image during inference and produces object pose predictions as well as a densely reconstructed depth map. LiDAR point-cloud is converted into a set of voxels, and its features are extracted using 3D convolution layers, from which we regress object pose parameters. Corresponding RGB image features are extracted using another 2D convolutional neural network. We further use these combined features to predict a dense depth map. While our object detection is trained in a supervised manner, the depth prediction network is trained with both self-supervised and supervised loss functions. We also introduce a loss function, edge-preserving smooth loss, and show that this results in better depth estimation compared to the edge-aware smooth loss function, frequently used in depth prediction works.      
### 36.MESD: Exploring Optical Flow Assessment on Edge of Motion Objects with Motion Edge Structure Difference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05916.pdf)
>  The optical flow estimation has been assessed in various applications. In this paper, we propose a novel method named motion edge structure difference(MESD) to assess estimation errors of optical flow fields on edge of motion objects. We implement comparison experiments for MESD by evaluating five representative optical flow algorithms on four popular benchmarks: MPI Sintel, Middlebury, KITTI 2012 and KITTI 2015. Our experimental results demonstrate that MESD can reasonably and discriminatively assess estimation errors of optical flow fields on motion edge. The results indicate that MESD could be a supplementary metric to existing general assessment metrics for evaluating optical flow algorithms in related computer vision applications.      
### 37.SRR-Net: A Super-Resolution-Involved Reconstruction Method for High Resolution MR Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05901.pdf)
>  Improving the image resolution and acquisition speed of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a challenging problem. There are mainly two strategies dealing with the speed-resolution trade-off: (1) $k$-space undersampling with high-resolution acquisition, and (2) a pipeline of lower resolution image reconstruction and image super-resolution. However, these approaches either have limited performance at certain high acceleration factor or suffer from the error accumulation of two-step structure. In this paper, we combine the idea of MR reconstruction and image super-resolution, and work on recovering HR images from low-resolution under-sampled $k$-space data directly. Particularly, the SR-involved reconstruction can be formulated as a variational problem, and a learnable network unrolled from its solution algorithm is proposed. A discriminator was introduced to enhance the detail refining performance. Experiment results using in-vivo HR multi-coil brain data indicate that the proposed SRR-Net is capable of recovering high-resolution brain images with both good visual quality and perceptual quality.      
### 38.IMAGINE: Image Synthesis by Image-Guided Model Inversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05895.pdf)
>  We introduce an inversion based method, denoted as IMAge-Guided model INvErsion (IMAGINE), to generate high-quality and diverse images from only a single training sample. We leverage the knowledge of image semantics from a pre-trained classifier to achieve plausible generations via matching multi-level feature representations in the classifier, associated with adversarial training with an external discriminator. IMAGINE enables the synthesis procedure to simultaneously 1) enforce semantic specificity constraints during the synthesis, 2) produce realistic images without generator training, and 3) give users intuitive control over the generation process. With extensive experimental results, we demonstrate qualitatively and quantitatively that IMAGINE performs favorably against state-of-the-art GAN-based and inversion-based methods, across three different image domains (i.e., objects, scenes, and textures).      
### 39.NewsCLIPpings: Automatic Generation of Out-of-Context Multimodal Media  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05893.pdf)
>  The threat of online misinformation is hard to overestimate, with adversaries relying on a range of tools, from cheap fakes to sophisticated deep fakes. We are motivated by a threat scenario where an image is being used out of context to support a certain narrative expressed in a caption. While some prior datasets for detecting image-text inconsistency can be solved with blind models due to linguistic cues introduced by text manipulation, we propose a dataset where both image and text are unmanipulated but mismatched. We introduce several strategies for automatic retrieval of suitable images for the given captions, capturing cases with related semantics but inconsistent entities as well as matching entities but inconsistent semantic context. Our large-scale automatically generated NewsCLIPpings Dataset requires models to jointly analyze both modalities and to reason about entity mismatch as well as semantic mismatch between text and images in news media.      
### 40.Geometry-aware data augmentation for monocular 3D object detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05858.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on monocular 3D object detection, one of the essential modules in autonomous driving systems. A key challenge is that the depth recovery problem is ill-posed in monocular data. In this work, we first conduct a thorough analysis to reveal how existing methods fail to robustly estimate depth when different geometry shifts occur. In particular, through a series of image-based and instance-based manipulations for current detectors, we illustrate existing detectors are vulnerable in capturing the consistent relationships between depth and both object apparent sizes and positions. To alleviate this issue and improve the robustness of detectors, we convert the aforementioned manipulations into four corresponding 3D-aware data augmentation techniques. At the image-level, we randomly manipulate the camera system, including its focal length, receptive field and location, to generate new training images with geometric shifts. At the instance level, we crop the foreground objects and randomly paste them to other scenes to generate new training instances. All the proposed augmentation techniques share the virtue that geometry relationships in objects are preserved while their geometry is manipulated. In light of the proposed data augmentation methods, not only the instability of depth recovery is effectively alleviated, but also the final 3D detection performance is significantly improved. This leads to superior improvements on the KITTI and nuScenes monocular 3D detection benchmarks with state-of-the-art results.      
### 41.Visual Goal-Step Inference using wikiHow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05845.pdf)
>  Procedural events can often be thought of as a high level goal composed of a sequence of steps. Inferring the sub-sequence of steps of a goal can help artificial intelligence systems reason about human activities. Past work in NLP has examined the task of goal-step inference for text. We introduce the visual analogue. We propose the Visual Goal-Step Inference (VGSI) task where a model is given a textual goal and must choose a plausible step towards that goal from among four candidate images. Our task is challenging for state-of-the-art muitimodal models. We introduce a novel dataset harvested from wikiHow that consists of 772,294 images representing human actions. We show that the knowledge learned from our data can effectively transfer to other datasets like HowTo100M, increasing the multiple-choice accuracy by 15% to 20%. Our task will facilitate multi-modal reasoning about procedural events.      
### 42.Semantic Segmentation with Generative Models: Semi-Supervised Learning and Strong Out-of-Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05833.pdf)
>  Training deep networks with limited labeled data while achieving a strong generalization ability is key in the quest to reduce human annotation efforts. This is the goal of semi-supervised learning, which exploits more widely available unlabeled data to complement small labeled data sets. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for discriminative pixel-level tasks using a generative model of both images and labels. Concretely, we learn a generative adversarial network that captures the joint image-label distribution and is trained efficiently using a large set of unlabeled images supplemented with only few labeled ones. We build our architecture on top of StyleGAN2, augmented with a label synthesis branch. Image labeling at test time is achieved by first embedding the target image into the joint latent space via an encoder network and test-time optimization, and then generating the label from the inferred embedding. We evaluate our approach in two important domains: medical image segmentation and part-based face segmentation. We demonstrate strong in-domain performance compared to several baselines, and are the first to showcase extreme out-of-domain generalization, such as transferring from CT to MRI in medical imaging, and photographs of real faces to paintings, sculptures, and even cartoons and animal faces. Project Page: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://nv-tlabs.github.io/semanticGAN/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 43.Localization-Based Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05823.pdf)
>  End-to-end production of object tracklets from high resolution video in real-time and with high accuracy remains a challenging problem due to the cost of object detection on each frame. In this work we present Localization-based Tracking (LBT), an extension to any tracker that follows the tracking by detection or joint detection and tracking paradigms. Localization-based Tracking focuses only on regions likely to contain objects to boost detection speed and avoid matching errors. We evaluate LBT as an extension to two example trackers (KIOU and SORT) on the UA-DETRAC and MOT20 datasets. LBT-extended trackers outperform all other reported algorithms in terms of PR-MOTA, PR-MOTP, and mostly tracked objects on the UA-DETRAC benchmark, establishing a new state-of-the art. relative to tracking by detection with KIOU, LBT-extended KIOU achieves a 25% higher frame-rate and is 1.1% more accurate in terms of PR-MOTA on the UA-DETRAC dataset. LBT-extended SORT achieves a 62% speedup and a 3.2% increase in PR-MOTA on the UA-DETRAC dataset. On MOT20, LBT-extended KIOU has a 50% higher frame-rate than tracking by detection and is 0.4% more accurate in terms of MOTA. As of submission time, our LBT-extended KIOU tracker places 10th overall on the MOT20 benchmark.      
### 44.Generalizable Multi-Camera 3D Pedestrian Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05813.pdf)
>  We present a multi-camera 3D pedestrian detection method that does not need to train using data from the target scene. We estimate pedestrian location on the ground plane using a novel heuristic based on human body poses and person's bounding boxes from an off-the-shelf monocular detector. We then project these locations onto the world ground plane and fuse them with a new formulation of a clique cover problem. We also propose an optional step for exploiting pedestrian appearance during fusion by using a domain-generalizable person re-identification model. We evaluated the proposed approach on the challenging WILDTRACK dataset. It obtained a MODA of 0.569 and an F-score of 0.78, superior to state-of-the-art generalizable detection techniques.      
### 45.Spatially Varying Label Smoothing: Capturing Uncertainty from Expert Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05788.pdf)
>  The task of image segmentation is inherently noisy due to ambiguities regarding the exact location of boundaries between anatomical structures. We argue that this information can be extracted from the expert annotations at no extra cost, and when integrated into state-of-the-art neural networks, it can lead to improved calibration between soft probabilistic predictions and the underlying uncertainty. We built upon label smoothing (LS) where a network is trained on 'blurred' versions of the ground truth labels which has been shown to be effective for calibrating output predictions. However, LS is not taking the local structure into account and results in overly smoothed predictions with low confidence even for non-ambiguous regions. Here, we propose Spatially Varying Label Smoothing (SVLS), a soft labeling technique that captures the structural uncertainty in semantic segmentation. SVLS also naturally lends itself to incorporate inter-rater uncertainty when multiple labelmaps are available. The proposed approach is extensively validated on four clinical segmentation tasks with different imaging modalities, number of classes and single and multi-rater expert annotations. The results demonstrate that SVLS, despite its simplicity, obtains superior boundary prediction with improved uncertainty and model calibration.      
### 46.Multi-View Image-to-Image Translation Supervised by 3D Pose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05779.pdf)
>  We address the task of multi-view image-to-image translation for person image generation. The goal is to synthesize photo-realistic multi-view images with pose-consistency across all views. Our proposed end-to-end framework is based on a joint learning of multiple unpaired image-to-image translation models, one per camera viewpoint. The joint learning is imposed by constraints on the shared 3D human pose in order to encourage the 2D pose projections in all views to be consistent. Experimental results on the CMU-Panoptic dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of the suggested framework in generating photo-realistic images of persons with new poses that are more consistent across all views in comparison to a standard Image-to-Image baseline. The code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sony-si/MultiView-Img2Img" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 47.Domain Adaptive Monocular Depth Estimation With Semantic Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05764.pdf)
>  The advent of deep learning has brought an impressive advance to monocular depth estimation, e.g., supervised monocular depth estimation has been thoroughly investigated. However, the large amount of the RGB-to-depth dataset may not be always available since collecting accurate depth ground truth according to the RGB image is a time-consuming and expensive task. Although the network can be trained on an alternative dataset to overcome the dataset scale problem, the trained model is hard to generalize to the target domain due to the domain discrepancy. Adversarial domain alignment has demonstrated its efficacy to mitigate the domain shift on simple image classification tasks in previous works. However, traditional approaches hardly handle the conditional alignment as they solely consider the feature map of the network. In this paper, we propose an adversarial training model that leverages semantic information to narrow the domain gap. Based on the experiments conducted on the datasets for the monocular depth estimation task including KITTI and Cityscapes, the proposed compact model achieves state-of-the-art performance comparable to complex latest models and shows favorable results on boundaries and objects at far distances.      
### 48.Towards Extremely Compact RNNs for Video Recognition with Fully Decomposed Hierarchical Tucker Structure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05758.pdf)
>  Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) have been widely used in sequence analysis and modeling. However, when processing high-dimensional data, RNNs typically require very large model sizes, thereby bringing a series of deployment challenges. Although various prior works have been proposed to reduce the RNN model sizes, executing RNN models in resource-restricted environments is still a very challenging problem. In this paper, we propose to develop extremely compact RNN models with fully decomposed hierarchical Tucker (FDHT) structure. The HT decomposition does not only provide much higher storage cost reduction than the other tensor decomposition approaches but also brings better accuracy performance improvement for the compact RNN models. Meanwhile, unlike the existing tensor decomposition-based methods that can only decompose the input-to-hidden layer of RNNs, our proposed fully decomposition approach enables the comprehensive compression for the entire RNN models with maintaining very high accuracy. Our experimental results on several popular video recognition datasets show that our proposed fully decomposed hierarchical tucker-based LSTM (FDHT-LSTM) is extremely compact and highly efficient. To the best of our knowledge, FDHT-LSTM, for the first time, consistently achieves very high accuracy with only few thousand parameters (3,132 to 8,808) on different datasets. Compared with the state-of-the-art compressed RNN models, such as TT-LSTM, TR-LSTM and BT-LSTM, our FDHT-LSTM simultaneously enjoys both order-of-magnitude (3,985x to 10,711x) fewer parameters and significant accuracy improvement (0.6% to 12.7%).      
### 49.Deep Learning for Vision-Based Fall Detection System: Enhanced Optical Dynamic Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05744.pdf)
>  Accurate fall detection for the assistance of older people is crucial to reduce incidents of deaths or injuries due to falls. Meanwhile, a vision-based fall detection system has shown some significant results to detect falls. Still, numerous challenges need to be resolved. The impact of deep learning has changed the landscape of the vision-based system, such as action recognition. The deep learning technique has not been successfully implemented in vision-based fall detection systems due to the requirement of a large amount of computation power and the requirement of a large amount of sample training data. This research aims to propose a vision-based fall detection system that improves the accuracy of fall detection in some complex environments such as the change of light condition in the room. Also, this research aims to increase the performance of the pre-processing of video images. The proposed system consists of the Enhanced Dynamic Optical Flow technique that encodes the temporal data of optical flow videos by the method of rank pooling, which thereby improves the processing time of fall detection and improves the classification accuracy in dynamic lighting conditions. The experimental results showed that the classification accuracy of the fall detection improved by around 3% and the processing time by 40 to 50ms. The proposed system concentrates on decreasing the processing time of fall detection and improving classification accuracy. Meanwhile, it provides a mechanism for summarizing a video into a single image by using a dynamic optical flow technique, which helps to increase the performance of image pre-processing steps.      
### 50.A Novel Visualization System of Using Augmented Reality in Knee Replacement Surgery: Enhanced Bidirectional Maximum Correntropy Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05742.pdf)
>  Background and aim: Image registration and alignment are the main limitations of augmented reality-based knee replacement surgery. This research aims to decrease the registration error, eliminate outcomes that are trapped in local minima to improve the alignment problems, handle the occlusion, and maximize the overlapping parts. Methodology: markerless image registration method was used for Augmented reality-based knee replacement surgery to guide and visualize the surgical operation. While weight least square algorithm was used to enhance stereo camera-based tracking by filling border occlusion in right to left direction and non-border occlusion from left to right direction. Results: This study has improved video precision to 0.57 mm~0.61 mm alignment error. Furthermore, with the use of bidirectional points, for example, forwards and backwards directional cloud point, the iteration on image registration was decreased. This has led to improve the processing time as well. The processing time of video frames was improved to 7.4~11.74 fps. Conclusions: It seems clear that this proposed system has focused on overcoming the misalignment difficulty caused by movement of patient and enhancing the AR visualization during knee replacement surgery. The proposed system was reliable and favorable which helps in eliminating alignment error by ascertaining the optimal rigid transformation between two cloud points and removing the outliers and non-Gaussian noise. The proposed augmented reality system helps in accurate visualization and navigation of anatomy of knee such as femur, tibia, cartilage, blood vessels, etc.      
### 51.ShapeMOD: Macro Operation Discovery for 3D Shape Programs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06392.pdf)
>  A popular way to create detailed yet easily controllable 3D shapes is via procedural modeling, i.e. generating geometry using programs. Such programs consist of a series of instructions along with their associated parameter values. To fully realize the benefits of this representation, a shape program should be compact and only expose degrees of freedom that allow for meaningful manipulation of output geometry. One way to achieve this goal is to design higher-level macro operators that, when executed, expand into a series of commands from the base shape modeling language. However, manually authoring such macros, much like shape programs themselves, is difficult and largely restricted to domain experts. In this paper, we present ShapeMOD, an algorithm for automatically discovering macros that are useful across large datasets of 3D shape programs. ShapeMOD operates on shape programs expressed in an imperative, statement-based language. It is designed to discover macros that make programs more compact by minimizing the number of function calls and free parameters required to represent an input shape collection. We run ShapeMOD on multiple collections of programs expressed in a domain-specific language for 3D shape structures. We show that it automatically discovers a concise set of macros that abstract out common structural and parametric patterns that generalize over large shape collections. We also demonstrate that the macros found by ShapeMOD improve performance on downstream tasks including shape generative modeling and inferring programs from point clouds. Finally, we conduct a user study that indicates that ShapeMOD's discovered macros make interactive shape editing more efficient.      
### 52.Neuro-Symbolic VQA: A review from the perspective of AGI desiderata  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06365.pdf)
>  An ultimate goal of the AI and ML fields is artificial general intelligence (AGI); although such systems remain science fiction, various models exhibit aspects of AGI. In this work, we look at neuro-symbolic (NS)approaches to visual question answering (VQA) from the perspective of AGI desiderata. We see how well these systems meet these desiderata, and how the desiderata often pull the scientist in opposing directions. It is my hope that through this work we can temper model evaluation on benchmarks with a discussion of the properties of these systems and their potential for future extension.      
### 53.A Novel Solution of Using Mixed Reality in Bowel and Oral and Maxillofacial Surgical Telepresence: 3D Mean Value Cloning algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06316.pdf)
>  Background and aim: Most of the Mixed Reality models used in the surgical telepresence are suffering from discrepancies in the boundary area and spatial-temporal inconsistency due to the illumination variation in the video frames. The aim behind this work is to propose a new solution that helps produce the composite video by merging the augmented video of the surgery site and the virtual hand of the remote expertise surgeon. The purpose of the proposed solution is to decrease the processing time and enhance the accuracy of merged video by decreasing the overlay and visualization error and removing occlusion and artefacts. Methodology: The proposed system enhanced the mean value cloning algorithm that helps to maintain the spatial-temporal consistency of the final composite video. The enhanced algorithm includes the 3D mean value coordinates and improvised mean value interpolant in the image cloning process, which helps to reduce the sawtooth, smudging and discolouration artefacts around the blending region. Results: As compared to the state of the art solution, the accuracy in terms of overlay error of the proposed solution is improved from 1.01mm to 0.80mm whereas the accuracy in terms of visualization error is improved from 98.8% to 99.4%. The processing time is reduced to 0.173 seconds from 0.211 seconds. Conclusion: Our solution helps make the object of interest consistent with the light intensity of the target image by adding the space distance that helps maintain the spatial consistency in the final merged video.      
### 54.A State-of-the-art Survey of Artificial Neural Networks for Whole-slide Image Analysis:from Popular Convolutional Neural Networks to Potential Visual Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06243.pdf)
>  In recent years, with the advancement of computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) technology and whole slide image (WSI), histopathological WSI has gradually played a crucial aspect in the diagnosis and analysis of diseases. To increase the objectivity and accuracy of pathologists' work, artificial neural network (ANN) methods have been generally needed in the segmentation, classification, and detection of histopathological WSI. In this paper, WSI analysis methods based on ANN are reviewed. Firstly, the development status of WSI and ANN methods is introduced. Secondly, we summarize the common ANN methods. Next, we discuss publicly available WSI datasets and evaluation metrics. These ANN architectures for WSI processing are divided into classical neural networks and deep neural networks (DNNs) and then analyzed. Finally, the application prospect of the analytical method in this field is discussed. The important potential method is Visual Transformers.      
### 55.Learning to recover orientations from projections in single-particle cryo-EM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06237.pdf)
>  A major challenge in single-particle cryo-electron microscopy (cryo-EM) is that the orientations adopted by the 3D particles prior to imaging are unknown; yet, this knowledge is essential for high-resolution reconstruction. We present a method to recover these orientations directly from the acquired set of 2D projections. Our approach consists of two steps: (i) the estimation of distances between pairs of projections, and (ii) the recovery of the orientation of each projection from these distances. In step (i), pairwise distances are estimated by a Siamese neural network trained on synthetic cryo-EM projections from resolved bio-structures. In step (ii), orientations are recovered by minimizing the difference between the distances estimated from the projections and the distances induced by the recovered orientations. We evaluated the method on synthetic cryo-EM datasets. Current results demonstrate that orientations can be accurately recovered from projections that are shifted and corrupted with a high level of noise. The accuracy of the recovery depends on the accuracy of the distance estimator. While not yet deployed in a real experimental setup, the proposed method offers a novel learning-based take on orientation recovery in SPA. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JelenaBanjac/protein-reconstruction" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 56.Latent Correlation Representation Learning for Brain Tumor Segmentation with Missing MRI Modalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06231.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) is a widely used imaging technique to assess brain tumor. Accurately segmenting brain tumor from MR images is the key to clinical diagnostics and treatment planning. In addition, multi-modal MR images can provide complementary information for accurate brain tumor segmentation. However, it's common to miss some imaging modalities in clinical practice. In this paper, we present a novel brain tumor segmentation algorithm with missing modalities. Since it exists a strong correlation between multi-modalities, a correlation model is proposed to specially represent the latent multi-source correlation. Thanks to the obtained correlation representation, the segmentation becomes more robust in the case of missing modality. First, the individual representation produced by each encoder is used to estimate the modality independent parameter. Then, the correlation model transforms all the individual representations to the latent multi-source correlation representations. Finally, the correlation representations across modalities are fused via attention mechanism into a shared representation to emphasize the most important features for segmentation. We evaluate our model on BraTS 2018 and BraTS 2019 dataset, it outperforms the current state-of-the-art methods and produces robust results when one or more modalities are missing.      
### 57.COVID-19 detection using chest X-rays: is lung segmentation important for generalization?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06176.pdf)
>  We evaluated the generalization capability of deep neural networks (DNNs), trained to classify chest X-rays as COVID-19, normal or pneumonia, using a relatively small and mixed dataset. <br>We proposed a DNN architecture to perform lung segmentation and classification. It stacks a segmentation module (U-Net), an original intermediate module and a classification module (DenseNet201). We compared it to a DenseNet201. <br>To evaluate generalization, we tested the DNNs with an external dataset (from distinct localities) and used Bayesian inference to estimate the probability distributions of performance metrics, like F1-Score. <br>Our proposed DNN achieved 0.917 AUC on the external test dataset, and the DenseNet, 0.906. Bayesian inference indicated mean accuracy of 76.1% and [0.695, 0.826] 95% HDI with segmentation and, without segmentation, 71.7% and [0.646, 0.786]. <br>We proposed a novel DNN evaluation technique, using Layer-wise Relevance Propagation (LRP) and the Brixia score. LRP heatmaps indicated that areas where radiologists found strong COVID-19 symptoms and attributed high Brixia scores are the most important for the stacked DNN classification. <br>External validation showed smaller accuracies than internal validation, indicating dataset bias, which segmentation reduces. Performance in the external dataset and LRP analysis suggest that DNNs can be trained in small and mixed datasets and detect COVID-19.      
### 58.Visually Informed Binaural Audio Generation without Binaural Audios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06162.pdf)
>  Stereophonic audio, especially binaural audio, plays an essential role in immersive viewing environments. Recent research has explored generating visually guided stereophonic audios supervised by multi-channel audio collections. However, due to the requirement of professional recording devices, existing datasets are limited in scale and variety, which impedes the generalization of supervised methods in real-world scenarios. In this work, we propose PseudoBinaural, an effective pipeline that is free of binaural recordings. The key insight is to carefully build pseudo visual-stereo pairs with mono data for training. Specifically, we leverage spherical harmonic decomposition and head-related impulse response (HRIR) to identify the relationship between spatial locations and received binaural audios. Then in the visual modality, corresponding visual cues of the mono data are manually placed at sound source positions to form the pairs. Compared to fully-supervised paradigms, our binaural-recording-free pipeline shows great stability in cross-dataset evaluation and achieves comparable performance under subjective preference. Moreover, combined with binaural recordings, our method is able to further boost the performance of binaural audio generation under supervised settings.      
### 59.Spatiotemporal Entropy Model is All You Need for Learned Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06083.pdf)
>  The framework of dominant learned video compression methods is usually composed of motion prediction modules as well as motion vector and residual image compression modules, suffering from its complex structure and error propagation problem. Approaches have been proposed to reduce the complexity by replacing motion prediction modules with implicit flow networks. Error propagation aware training strategy is also proposed to alleviate incremental reconstruction errors from previously decoded frames. Although these methods have brought some improvement, little attention has been paid to the framework itself. Inspired by the success of learned image compression through simplifying the framework with a single deep neural network, it is natural to expect a better performance in video compression via a simple yet appropriate framework. Therefore, we propose a framework to directly compress raw-pixel frames (rather than residual images), where no extra motion prediction module is required. Instead, an entropy model is used to estimate the spatiotemporal redundancy in a latent space rather than pixel level, which significantly reduces the complexity of the framework. Specifically, the whole framework is a compression module, consisting of a unified auto-encoder which produces identically distributed latents for all frames, and a spatiotemporal entropy estimation model to minimize the entropy of these latents. Experiments showed that the proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance under the metric of multiscale structural similarity (MS-SSIM) and achieves competitive results under the metric of PSNR.      
### 60.Online Recognition of Actions Involving Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.06070.pdf)
>  We present an online system for real time recognition of actions involving objects working in online mode. The system merges two streams of information processing running in parallel. One is carried out by a hierarchical self-organizing map (SOM) system that recognizes the performed actions by analysing the spatial trajectories of the agent's movements. It consists of two layers of SOMs and a custom made supervised neural network. The activation sequences in the first layer SOM represent the sequences of significant postures of the agent during the performance of actions. These activation sequences are subsequently recoded and clustered in the second layer SOM, and then labeled by the activity in the third layer custom made supervised neural network. The second information processing stream is carried out by a second system that determines which object among several in the agent's vicinity the action is applied to. This is achieved by applying a proximity measure. The presented method combines the two information processing streams to determine what action the agent performed and on what object. The action recognition system has been tested with excellent performance.      
### 61.Thief, Beware of What Get You There: Towards Understanding Model Extraction Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05921.pdf)
>  Model extraction increasingly attracts research attentions as keeping commercial AI models private can retain a competitive advantage. In some scenarios, AI models are trained proprietarily, where neither pre-trained models nor sufficient in-distribution data is publicly available. Model extraction attacks against these models are typically more devastating. Therefore, in this paper, we empirically investigate the behaviors of model extraction under such scenarios. We find the effectiveness of existing techniques significantly affected by the absence of pre-trained models. In addition, the impacts of the attacker's hyperparameters, e.g. model architecture and optimizer, as well as the utilities of information retrieved from queries, are counterintuitive. We provide some insights on explaining the possible causes of these phenomena. With these observations, we formulate model extraction attacks into an adaptive framework that captures these factors with deep reinforcement learning. Experiments show that the proposed framework can be used to improve existing techniques, and show that model extraction is still possible in such strict scenarios. Our research can help system designers to construct better defense strategies based on their scenarios.      
### 62.Unifying domain adaptation and self-supervised learning for CXR segmentation via AdaIN-based knowledge distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05892.pdf)
>  As the segmentation labels are scarce, extensive researches have been conducted to train segmentation networks without labels or with only limited labels. In particular, domain adaptation, self-supervised learning, and teacher-student architecture have been intro- duced to distill knowledge from various tasks to improve the segmentation performance. However, these approaches appear different from each other, so it is not clear how these seemingly different approaches can be combined for better performance. Inspired by the recent StarGANv2 for multi-domain image translation, here we propose a novel seg- mentation framework via AdaIN-based knowledge distillation, where a single generator with AdaIN layers is trained along with the AdaIN code generator and style encoder so that the generator can perform both domain adaptation and segmentation. Specifically, our framework is designed to deal with difficult situations in chest X-ray (CXR) seg- mentation tasks where segmentation masks are only available for normal CXR data, but the trained model should be applied for both normal and abnormal CXR images. Since a single generator is used for abnormal to normal domain conversion and segmentation by simply changing the AdaIN codes, the generator can synergistically learn the com- mon features to improve segmentation performance. Experimental results using CXR data confirm that the trained network can achieve the state-of-the art segmentation per- formance for both normal and abnormal CXR images.      
### 63.Fibro-CoSANet: Pulmonary Fibrosis Prognosis Prediction using a Convolutional Self Attention Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05889.pdf)
>  Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) is a restrictive interstitial lung disease that causes lung function decline by lung tissue scarring. Although lung function decline is assessed by the forced vital capacity (FVC), determining the accurate progression of IPF remains a challenge. To address this challenge, we proposed Fibro-CoSANet, a novel end-to-end multi-modal learning-based approach, to predict the FVC decline. Fibro-CoSANet utilized CT images and demographic information in convolutional neural network frameworks with a stacked attention layer. Extensive experiments on the OSIC Pulmonary Fibrosis Progression Dataset demonstrated the superiority of our proposed Fibro-CoSANet by achieving the new state-of-the-art modified Laplace Log-Likelihood score of -6.68. This network may benefit research areas concerned with designing networks to improve the prognostic accuracy of IPF. The source-code for Fibro-CoSANet is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zabir-nabil/Fibro-CoSANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 64.Simpler Certified Radius Maximization by Propagating Covariances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05888.pdf)
>  One strategy for adversarially training a robust model is to maximize its certified radius -- the neighborhood around a given training sample for which the model's prediction remains unchanged. The scheme typically involves analyzing a "smoothed" classifier where one estimates the prediction corresponding to Gaussian samples in the neighborhood of each sample in the mini-batch, accomplished in practice by Monte Carlo sampling. In this paper, we investigate the hypothesis that this sampling bottleneck can potentially be mitigated by identifying ways to directly propagate the covariance matrix of the smoothed distribution through the network. To this end, we find that other than certain adjustments to the network, propagating the covariances must also be accompanied by additional accounting that keeps track of how the distributional moments transform and interact at each stage in the network. We show how satisfying these criteria yields an algorithm for maximizing the certified radius on datasets including Cifar-10, ImageNet, and Places365 while offering runtime savings on networks with moderate depth, with a small compromise in overall accuracy. We describe the details of the key modifications that enable practical use. Via various experiments, we evaluate when our simplifications are sensible, and what the key benefits and limitations are.      
### 65.Understanding Fission Gas Bubble Distribution, Lanthanide Transportation, and Thermal Conductivity Degradation in Neutron-irradiated α-U Using Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05786.pdf)
>  UZr based metallic nuclear fuel is the leading candidate for next-generation sodium-cooled fast reactors in the United States. US research reactors have been using and testing this fuel type since the 1960s and accumulated considerable experience and knowledge about the fuel performance. However, most of knowledge remains empirical. The lack of mechanistic understanding of fuel performance is preventing the qualification of UZr fuel for commercial use. This paper proposes a data-driven approach, coupled with advanced post irradiation examination, powered by machine learning algorithms, to facilitate the development of such understandings by providing unpreceded quantified new insights into fission gas bubbles. Specifically, based on the advanced postirradiation examination data collected on a neutron-irradiated U-10Zr annular fuel, we developed a method to automatically detect, classify ~19,000 fission gas bubbles into different categories, and quantitatively link the data to lanthanide transpiration along the radial temperature gradient. The approach is versatile and can be modified to study different coupled irradiation effects, such as secondary phase redistribution and degradation of thermal conductivity, in irradiated nuclear fuel.      
### 66.A Recipe for Global Convergence Guarantee in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05785.pdf)
>  Existing global convergence guarantees of (stochastic) gradient descent do not apply to practical deep networks in the practical regime of deep learning beyond the neural tangent kernel (NTK) regime. This paper proposes an algorithm, which is ensured to have global convergence guarantees in the practical regime beyond the NTK regime, under a verifiable condition called the expressivity condition. The expressivity condition is defined to be both data-dependent and architecture-dependent, which is the key property that makes our results applicable for practical settings beyond the NTK regime. On the one hand, the expressivity condition is theoretically proven to hold data-independently for fully-connected deep neural networks with narrow hidden layers and a single wide layer. On the other hand, the expressivity condition is numerically shown to hold data-dependently for deep (convolutional) ResNet with batch normalization with various standard image datasets. We also show that the the proposed algorithm has generalization performances comparable with those of the heuristic algorithm, with the same hyper-parameters and total number of iterations. Therefore, the proposed algorithm can be viewed as a step towards providing theoretical guarantees for deep learning in the practical regime.      
### 67.Efficient Space-time Video Super Resolution using Low-Resolution Flow and Mask Upsampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.05778.pdf)
>  This paper explores an efficient solution for Space-time Super-Resolution, aiming to generate High-resolution Slow-motion videos from Low Resolution and Low Frame rate videos. A simplistic solution is the sequential running of Video Super Resolution and Video Frame interpolation models. However, this type of solutions are memory inefficient, have high inference time, and could not make the proper use of space-time relation property. To this extent, we first interpolate in LR space using quadratic modeling. Input LR frames are super-resolved using a state-of-the-art Video Super-Resolution method. Flowmaps and blending mask which are used to synthesize LR interpolated frame is reused in HR space using bilinear upsampling. This leads to a coarse estimate of HR intermediate frame which often contains artifacts along motion boundaries. We use a refinement network to improve the quality of HR intermediate frame via residual learning. Our model is lightweight and performs better than current state-of-the-art models in REDS STSR Validation set.      
