# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 26 Apr 2021
### 1.Learnable Online Graph Representations for 3D Multi-Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11747.pdf)
>  Tracking of objects in 3D is a fundamental task in computer vision that finds use in a wide range of applications such as autonomous driving, robotics or augmented reality. Most recent approaches for 3D multi object tracking (MOT) from LIDAR use object dynamics together with a set of handcrafted features to match detections of objects. However, manually designing such features and heuristics is cumbersome and often leads to suboptimal performance. In this work, we instead strive towards a unified and learning based approach to the 3D MOT problem. We design a graph structure to jointly process detection and track states in an online manner. To this end, we employ a Neural Message Passing network for data association that is fully trainable. Our approach provides a natural way for track initialization and handling of false positive detections, while significantly improving track stability. We show the merit of the proposed approach on the publicly available nuScenes dataset by achieving state-of-the-art performance of 65.6% AMOTA and 58% fewer ID-switches.      
### 2.VidTr: Video Transformer Without Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11746.pdf)
>  We introduce Video Transformer (VidTr) with separable-attention for video classification. Comparing with commonly used 3D networks, VidTr is able to aggregate spatio-temporal information via stacked attentions and provide better performance with higher efficiency. We first introduce the vanilla video transformer and show that transformer module is able to perform spatio-temporal modeling from raw pixels, but with heavy memory usage. We then present VidTr which reduces the memory cost by 3.3$\times$ while keeping the same performance. To further compact the model, we propose the standard deviation based topK pooling attention, which reduces the computation by dropping non-informative features. VidTr achieves state-of-the-art performance on five commonly used dataset with lower computational requirement, showing both the efficiency and effectiveness of our design. Finally, error analysis and visualization show that VidTr is especially good at predicting actions that require long-term temporal reasoning. The code and pre-trained weights will be released.      
### 3.Safe Fakes: Evaluating Face Anonymizers for Face Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11721.pdf)
>  Since the introduction of the GDPR and CCPA legislation, both public and private facial image datasets are increasingly scrutinized. Several datasets have been taken offline completely and some have been anonymized. However, it is unclear how anonymization impacts face detection performance. To our knowledge, this paper presents the first empirical study on the effect of image anonymization on supervised training of face detectors. We compare conventional face anonymizers with three state-of-the-art Generative Adversarial Network-based (GAN) methods, by training an off-the-shelf face detector on anonymized data. Our experiments investigate the suitability of anonymization methods for maintaining face detector performance, the effect of detectors overtraining on anonymization artefacts, dataset size for training an anonymizer, and the effect of training time of anonymization GANs. A final experiment investigates the correlation between common GAN evaluation metrics and the performance of a trained face detector. Although all tested anonymization methods lower the performance of trained face detectors, faces anonymized using GANs cause far smaller performance degradation than conventional methods. As the most important finding, the best-performing GAN, DeepPrivacy, removes identifiable faces for a face detector trained on anonymized data, resulting in a modest decrease from 91.0 to 88.3 mAP. In the last few years, there have been rapid improvements in realism of GAN-generated faces. We expect that further progression in GAN research will allow the use of Deep Fake technology for privacy-preserving Safe Fakes, without any performance degradation for training face detectors.      
### 4.Skeletor: Skeletal Transformers for Robust Body-Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11712.pdf)
>  Predicting 3D human pose from a single monoscopic video can be highly challenging due to factors such as low resolution, motion blur and occlusion, in addition to the fundamental ambiguity in estimating 3D from 2D. Approaches that directly regress the 3D pose from independent images can be particularly susceptible to these factors and result in jitter, noise and/or inconsistencies in skeletal estimation. Much of which can be overcome if the temporal evolution of the scene and skeleton are taken into account. However, rather than tracking body parts and trying to temporally smooth them, we propose a novel transformer based network that can learn a distribution over both pose and motion in an unsupervised fashion. We call our approach Skeletor. Skeletor overcomes inaccuracies in detection and corrects partial or entire skeleton corruption. Skeletor uses strong priors learn from on 25 million frames to correct skeleton sequences smoothly and consistently. Skeletor can achieve this as it implicitly learns the spatio-temporal context of human motion via a transformer based neural network. Extensive experiments show that Skeletor achieves improved performance on 3D human pose estimation and further provides benefits for downstream tasks such as sign language translation.      
### 5.Deep Lucas-Kanade Homography for Multimodal Image Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11693.pdf)
>  Estimating homography to align image pairs captured by different sensors or image pairs with large appearance changes is an important and general challenge for many computer vision applications. In contrast to others, we propose a generic solution to pixel-wise align multimodal image pairs by extending the traditional Lucas-Kanade algorithm with networks. The key contribution in our method is how we construct feature maps, named as deep Lucas-Kanade feature map (DLKFM). The learned DLKFM can spontaneously recognize invariant features under various appearance-changing conditions. It also has two nice properties for the Lucas-Kanade algorithm: (1) The template feature map keeps brightness consistency with the input feature map, thus the color difference is very small while they are well-aligned. (2) The Lucas-Kanade objective function built on DLKFM has a smooth landscape around ground truth homography parameters, so the iterative solution of the Lucas-Kanade can easily converge to the ground truth. With those properties, directly updating the Lucas-Kanade algorithm on our feature maps will precisely align image pairs with large appearance changes. We share the datasets, code, and demo video online.      
### 6.A Closer Look at Self-training for Zero-Label Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11692.pdf)
>  Being able to segment unseen classes not observed during training is an important technical challenge in deep learning, because of its potential to reduce the expensive annotation required for semantic segmentation. Prior zero-label semantic segmentation works approach this task by learning visual-semantic embeddings or generative models. However, they are prone to overfitting on the seen classes because there is no training signal for them. In this paper, we study the challenging generalized zero-label semantic segmentation task where the model has to segment both seen and unseen classes at test time. We assume that pixels of unseen classes could be present in the training images but without being annotated. Our idea is to capture the latent information on unseen classes by supervising the model with self-produced pseudo-labels for unlabeled pixels. We propose a consistency regularizer to filter out noisy pseudo-labels by taking the intersections of the pseudo-labels generated from different augmentations of the same image. Our framework generates pseudo-labels and then retrain the model with human-annotated and pseudo-labelled data. This procedure is repeated for several iterations. As a result, our approach achieves the new state-of-the-art on PascalVOC12 and COCO-stuff datasets in the challenging generalized zero-label semantic segmentation setting, surpassing other existing methods addressing this task with more complex strategies.      
### 7.Patch Shortcuts: Interpretable Proxy Models Efficiently Find Black-Box Vulnerabilities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11691.pdf)
>  An important pillar for safe machine learning (ML) is the systematic mitigation of weaknesses in neural networks to afford their deployment in critical applications. An ubiquitous class of safety risks are learned shortcuts, i.e. spurious correlations a network exploits for its decisions that have no semantic connection to the actual task. Networks relying on such shortcuts bear the risk of not generalizing well to unseen inputs. Explainability methods help to uncover such network vulnerabilities. However, many of these techniques are not directly applicable if access to the network is constrained, in so-called black-box setups. These setups are prevalent when using third-party ML components. To address this constraint, we present an approach to detect learned shortcuts using an interpretable-by-design network as a proxy to the black-box model of interest. Leveraging the proxy's guarantees on introspection we automatically extract candidates for learned shortcuts. Their transferability to the black box is validated in a systematic fashion. Concretely, as proxy model we choose a BagNet, which bases its decisions purely on local image patches. We demonstrate on the autonomous driving dataset A2D2 that extracted patch shortcuts significantly influence the black box model. By efficiently identifying such patch-based vulnerabilities, we contribute to safer ML models.      
### 8.Rapid Detection of Aircrafts in Satellite Imagery based on Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11677.pdf)
>  Object detection is one of the fundamental objectives in Applied Computer Vision. In some of the applications, object detection becomes very challenging such as in the case of satellite image processing. Satellite image processing has remained the focus of researchers in domains of Precision Agriculture, Climate Change, Disaster Management, etc. Therefore, object detection in satellite imagery is one of the most researched problems in this domain. This paper focuses on aircraft detection. in satellite imagery using deep learning techniques. In this paper, we used YOLO deep learning framework for aircraft detection. This method uses satellite images collected by different sources as learning for the model to perform detection. Object detection in satellite images is mostly complex because objects have many variations, types, poses, sizes, complex and dense background. YOLO has some limitations for small size objects (less than$\sim$32 pixels per object), therefore we upsample the prediction grid to reduce the coarseness of the model and to accurately detect the densely clustered objects. The improved model shows good accuracy and performance on different unknown images having small, rotating, and dense objects to meet the requirements in real-time.      
### 9.MULTICAST: MULTI Confirmation-level Alarm SysTem based on CNN and LSTM to mitigate false alarms for handgun detection in video-surveillance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11653.pdf)
>  Despite the constant advances in computer vision, integrating modern single-image detectors in real-time handgun alarm systems in video-surveillance is still debatable. Using such detectors still implies a high number of false alarms and false negatives. In this context, most existent studies select one of the latest single-image detectors and train it on a better dataset or use some pre-processing, post-processing or data-fusion approach to further reduce false alarms. However, none of these works tried to exploit the temporal information present in the videos to mitigate false detections. This paper presents a new system, called MULTI Confirmation-level Alarm SysTem based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and Long Short Term Memory networks (LSTM) (MULTICAST), that leverages not only the spacial information but also the temporal information existent in the videos for a more reliable handgun detection. MULTICAST consists of three stages, i) a handgun detection stage, ii) a CNN-based spacial confirmation stage and iii) LSTM-based temporal confirmation stage. The temporal confirmation stage uses the positions of the detected handgun in previous instants to predict its trajectory in the next frame. Our experiments show that MULTICAST reduces by 80% the number of false alarms with respect to Faster R-CNN based-single-image detector, which makes it more useful in providing more effective and rapid security responses.      
### 10.Online recognition of unsegmented actions with hierarchical SOM architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11637.pdf)
>  Automatic recognition of an online series of unsegmented actions requires a method for segmentation that determines when an action starts and when it ends. In this paper, a novel approach for recognizing unsegmented actions in online test experiments is proposed. The method uses self-organizing neural networks to build a three-layer cognitive architecture. The unique features of an action sequence are represented as a series of elicited key activations by the first-layer self-organizing map. An average length of a key activation vector is calculated for all action sequences in a training set and adjusted in learning trials to generate input patterns to the second-layer self-organizing map. The pattern vectors are clustered in the second layer, and the clusters are then labeled by an action identity in the third layer neural network. The experiment results show that although the performance drops slightly in online experiments compared to the offline tests, the ability of the proposed architecture to deal with the unsegmented action sequences as well as the online performance makes the system more plausible and practical in real-case scenarios.      
### 11.Co-training for Deep Object Detection: Comparing Single-modal and Multi-modal Approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11619.pdf)
>  Top-performing computer vision models are powered by convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Training an accurate CNN highly depends on both the raw sensor data and their associated ground truth (GT). Collecting such GT is usually done through human labeling, which is time-consuming and does not scale as we wish. This data labeling bottleneck may be intensified due to domain shifts among image sensors, which could force per-sensor data labeling. In this paper, we focus on the use of co-training, a semi-supervised learning (SSL) method, for obtaining self-labeled object bounding boxes (BBs), i.e., the GT to train deep object detectors. In particular, we assess the goodness of multi-modal co-training by relying on two different views of an image, namely, appearance (RGB) and estimated depth (D). Moreover, we compare appearance-based single-modal co-training with multi-modal. Our results suggest that in a standard SSL setting (no domain shift, a few human-labeled data) and under virtual-to-real domain shift (many virtual-world labeled data, no human-labeled data) multi-modal co-training outperforms single-modal. In the latter case, by performing GAN-based domain translation both co-training modalities are on pair; at least, when using an off-the-shelf depth estimation model not specifically trained on the translated images.      
### 12.A Picture is Worth a Collaboration: Accumulating Design Knowledge for Computer-Vision-based Hybrid Intelligence Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11600.pdf)
>  Computer vision (CV) techniques try to mimic human capabilities of visual perception to support labor-intensive and time-consuming tasks like the recognition and localization of critical objects. Nowadays, CV increasingly relies on artificial intelligence (AI) to automatically extract useful information from images that can be utilized for decision support and business process automation. However, the focus of extant research is often exclusively on technical aspects when designing AI-based CV systems while neglecting socio-technical facets, such as trust, control, and autonomy. For this purpose, we consider the design of such systems from a hybrid intelligence (HI) perspective and aim to derive prescriptive design knowledge for CV-based HI systems. We apply a reflective, practice-inspired design science approach and accumulate design knowledge from six comprehensive CV projects. As a result, we identify four design-related mechanisms (i.e., automation, signaling, modification, and collaboration) that inform our derived meta-requirements and design principles. This can serve as a basis for further socio-technical research on CV-based HI systems.      
### 13.Region-Adaptive Deformable Network for Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11599.pdf)
>  Image quality assessment (IQA) aims to assess the perceptual quality of images. The outputs of the IQA algorithms are expected to be consistent with human subjective perception. In image restoration and enhancement tasks, images generated by generative adversarial networks (GAN) can achieve better visual performance than traditional CNN-generated images, although they have spatial shift and texture noise. Unfortunately, the existing IQA methods have unsatisfactory performance on the GAN-based distortion partially because of their low tolerance to spatial misalignment. To this end, we propose the reference-oriented deformable convolution, which can improve the performance of an IQA network on GAN-based distortion by adaptively considering this misalignment. We further propose a patch-level attention module to enhance the interaction among different patch regions, which are processed independently in previous patch-based methods. The modified residual block is also proposed by applying modifications to the classic residual block to construct a patch-region-based baseline called WResNet. Equipping this baseline with the two proposed modules, we further propose Region-Adaptive Deformable Network (RADN). The experiment results on the NTIRE 2021 Perceptual Image Quality Assessment Challenge dataset show the superior performance of RADN, and the ensemble approach won fourth place in the final testing phase of the challenge. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IIGROUP/RADN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.STRUDEL: Self-Training with Uncertainty Dependent Label Refinement across Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11596.pdf)
>  We propose an unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) approach for white matter hyperintensity (WMH) segmentation, which uses Self-Training with Uncertainty DEpendent Label refinement (STRUDEL). Self-training has recently been introduced as a highly effective method for UDA, which is based on self-generated pseudo labels. However, pseudo labels can be very noisy and therefore deteriorate model performance. We propose to predict the uncertainty of pseudo labels and integrate it in the training process with an uncertainty-guided loss function to highlight labels with high certainty. STRUDEL is further improved by incorporating the segmentation output of an existing method in the pseudo label generation that showed high robustness for WMH segmentation. In our experiments, we evaluate STRUDEL with a standard U-Net and a modified network with a higher receptive field. Our results on WMH segmentation across datasets demonstrate the significant improvement of STRUDEL with respect to standard self-training.      
### 15.SBNet: Segmentation-based Network for Natural Language-based Vehicle Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11589.pdf)
>  Natural language-based vehicle retrieval is a task to find a target vehicle within a given image based on a natural language description as a query. This technology can be applied to various areas including police searching for a suspect vehicle. However, it is challenging due to the ambiguity of language descriptions and the difficulty of processing multi-modal data. To tackle this problem, we propose a deep neural network called SBNet that performs natural language-based segmentation for vehicle retrieval. We also propose two task-specific modules to improve performance: a substitution module that helps features from different domains to be embedded in the same space and a future prediction module that learns temporal information. SBnet has been trained using the CityFlow-NL dataset that contains 2,498 tracks of vehicles with three unique natural language descriptions each and tested 530 unique vehicle tracks and their corresponding query sets. SBNet achieved a significant improvement over the baseline in the natural language-based vehicle tracking track in the AI City Challenge 2021.      
### 16.DeepMix: Online Auto Data Augmentation for Robust Visual Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11585.pdf)
>  Online updating of the object model via samples from historical frames is of great importance for accurate visual object tracking. Recent works mainly focus on constructing effective and efficient updating methods while neglecting the training samples for learning discriminative object models, which is also a key part of a learning problem. In this paper, we propose the DeepMix that takes historical samples' embeddings as input and generates augmented embeddings online, enhancing the state-of-the-art online learning methods for visual object tracking. More specifically, we first propose the online data augmentation for tracking that online augments the historical samples through object-aware filtering. Then, we propose MixNet which is an offline trained network for performing online data augmentation within one-step, enhancing the tracking accuracy while preserving high speeds of the state-of-the-art online learning methods. The extensive experiments on three different tracking frameworks, i.e., DiMP, DSiam, and SiamRPN++, and three large-scale and challenging datasets, \ie, OTB-2015, LaSOT, and VOT, demonstrate the effectiveness and advantages of the proposed method.      
### 17.CapillaryNet: An Automated System to Analyze Microcirculation Videos from Handheld Vital Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11574.pdf)
>  Capillaries are the smallest vessels in the body responsible for the delivery of oxygen and nutrients to the surrounding cells. Various diseases have been shown to alter the density of nutritive capillaries and the flow velocity of erythrocytes. In previous studies, capillary density and flow velocity have been assessed manually by trained specialists. Manual analysis of a 20-second long microvascular video takes on average 20 minutes and requires extensive training. Several studies have reported that manual analysis hinders the application of microvascular microscopy in a clinical setting. In this paper, we present a fully automated system, called CapillaryNet, that can automate microvascular microscopy analysis and thus enable the method to be used not just as a research tool, but also for clinical applications. Our method has been developed by acquiring microcirculation videos from 50 different subjects annotated by trained biomedical researchers. CapillaryNet detects capillaries with an accuracy comparable to trained researchers in less than 0.1% of the time taken by humans and measures several microvascular parameters that researchers were previously unable to quantify, i.e. capillary hematocrit and intra-capillary flow velocity heterogeneity.      
### 18.AttWalk: Attentive Cross-Walks for Deep Mesh Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11571.pdf)
>  Mesh representation by random walks has been shown to benefit deep learning. Randomness is indeed a powerful concept. However, it comes with a price: some walks might wander around non-characteristic regions of the mesh, which might be harmful to shape analysis, especially when only a few walks are utilized. We propose a novel walk-attention mechanism that leverages the fact that multiple walks are used. The key idea is that the walks may provide each other with information regarding the meaningful (attentive) features of the mesh. We utilize this mutual information to extract a single descriptor of the mesh. This differs from common attention mechanisms that use attention to improve the representation of each individual descriptor. Our approach achieves SOTA results for two basic 3D shape analysis tasks: classification and retrieval. Even a handful of walks along a mesh suffice for learning.      
### 19.Sketch-based Normal Map Generation with Geometric Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11554.pdf)
>  Normal map is an important and efficient way to represent complex 3D models. A designer may benefit from the auto-generation of high quality and accurate normal maps from freehand sketches in 3D content creation. This paper proposes a deep generative model for generating normal maps from users sketch with geometric sampling. Our generative model is based on Conditional Generative Adversarial Network with the curvature-sensitive points sampling of conditional masks. This sampling process can help eliminate the ambiguity of generation results as network input. In addition, we adopted a U-Net structure discriminator to help the generator be better trained. It is verified that the proposed framework can generate more accurate normal maps.      
### 20.Fine-Grained Texture Identification for Reliable Product Traceability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11548.pdf)
>  Texture exists in lots of the products, such as wood, beef and compression tea. These abundant and stochastic texture patterns are significantly different between any two products. Unlike the traditional digital ID tracking, in this paper, we propose a novel approach for product traceability, which directly uses the natural texture of the product itself as the unique identifier. A texture identification based traceability system for Pu'er compression tea is developed to demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed solution. With tea-brick images collected from manufactures and individual users, a large-scale dataset has been formed to evaluate the performance of tea-brick texture verification and searching algorithm. The texture similarity approach with local feature extraction and matching achieves the verification accuracy of 99.6% and the top-1 searching accuracy of 98.9%, respectively.      
### 21.Middle-level Fusion for Lightweight RGB-D Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11543.pdf)
>  Most existing RGB-D salient object detection (SOD) models require large computational costs and memory consumption to accurately detect the salient objects. This limits the real-life applications of these RGB-D SOD models. To address this issue, a novel lightweight RGB-D SOD model is presented in this paper. Different from most existing models which usually employ the two-stream or single-stream structure, we propose to employ the middle-level fusion structure for designing lightweight RGB-D SOD model, due to the fact that the middle-level fusion structure can simultaneously exploit the modality-shared and modality-specific information as the two-stream structure and can significantly reduce the network's parameters as the single-stream structure. Based on this structure, a novel information-aware multi-modal feature fusion (IMFF) module is first designed to effectively capture the cross-modal complementary information. Then, a novel lightweight feature-level and decision-level feature fusion (LFDF) module is designed to aggregate the feature-level and the decision-level saliency information in different stages with less parameters. With IMFF and LFDF modules incorporated in the middle-level fusion structure, our proposed model has only 3.9M parameters and runs at 33 FPS. Furthermore, the experimental results on several benchmark datasets verify the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method over some state-of-the-art methods.      
### 22.Exploring Modality-shared Appearance Features and Modality-invariant Relation Features for Cross-modality Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11539.pdf)
>  Most existing cross-modality person re-identification works rely on discriminative modality-shared features for reducing cross-modality variations and intra-modality variations. Despite some initial success, such modality-shared appearance features cannot capture enough modality-invariant discriminative information due to a massive discrepancy between RGB and infrared images. To address this issue, on the top of appearance features, we further capture the modality-invariant relations among different person parts (referred to as modality-invariant relation features), which are the complement to those modality-shared appearance features and help to identify persons with similar appearances but different body shapes. To this end, a Multi-level Two-streamed Modality-shared Feature Extraction (MTMFE) sub-network is designed, where the modality-shared appearance features and modality-invariant relation features are first extracted in a shared 2D feature space and a shared 3D feature space, respectively. The two features are then fused into the final modality-shared features such that both cross-modality variations and intra-modality variations can be reduced. Besides, a novel cross-modality quadruplet loss is proposed to further reduce the cross-modality variations. Experimental results on several benchmark datasets demonstrate that our proposed method exceeds state-of-the-art algorithms by a noticeable margin.      
### 23.Recent Advances in Monocular 2D and 3D Human Pose Estimation: A Deep Learning Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11536.pdf)
>  Estimation of the human pose from a monocular camera has been an emerging research topic in the computer vision community with many applications. Recently, benefited from the deep learning technologies, a significant amount of research efforts have greatly advanced the monocular human pose estimation both in 2D and 3D areas. Although there have been some works to summarize the different approaches, it still remains challenging for researchers to have an in-depth view of how these approaches work. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive and holistic 2D-to-3D perspective to tackle this problem. We categorize the mainstream and milestone approaches since the year 2014 under unified frameworks. By systematically summarizing the differences and connections between these approaches, we further analyze the solutions for challenging cases, such as the lack of data, the inherent ambiguity between 2D and 3D, and the complex multi-person scenarios. We also summarize the pose representation styles, benchmarks, evaluation metrics, and the quantitative performance of popular approaches. Finally, we discuss the challenges and give deep thinking of promising directions for future research. We believe this survey will provide the readers with a deep and insightful understanding of monocular human pose estimation.      
### 24.Supervised Video Summarization via Multiple Feature Sets with Parallel Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11530.pdf)
>  The assignment of importance scores to particular frames or (short) segments in a video is crucial for summarization, but also a difficult task. Previous work utilizes only one source of visual features. In this paper, we suggest a novel model architecture that combines three feature sets for visual content and motion to predict importance scores. The proposed architecture utilizes an attention mechanism before fusing motion features and features representing the (static) visual content, i.e., derived from an image classification model. Comprehensive experimental evaluations are reported for two well-known datasets, SumMe and TVSum. In this context, we identify methodological issues on how previous work used these benchmark datasets, and present a fair evaluation scheme with appropriate data splits that can be used in future work. When using static and motion features with parallel attention mechanism, we improve state-of-the-art results for SumMe, while being on par with the state of the art for the other dataset.      
### 25.Modeling long-term interactions to enhance action recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11520.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new approach to under-stand actions in egocentric videos that exploits the semantics of object interactions at both frame and temporal levels. At the frame level, we use a region-based approach that takes as input a primary region roughly corresponding to the user hands and a set of secondary regions potentially corresponding to the interacting objects and calculates the action score through a CNN formulation. This information is then fed to a Hierarchical LongShort-Term Memory Network (HLSTM) that captures temporal dependencies between actions within and across shots. Ablation studies thoroughly validate the proposed approach, showing in particular that both levels of the HLSTM architecture contribute to performance improvement. Furthermore, quantitative comparisons show that the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art in terms of action recognition on standard benchmarks,without relying on motion information      
### 26.DeepfakeUCL: Deepfake Detection via Unsupervised Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11507.pdf)
>  Face deepfake detection has seen impressive results recently. Nearly all existing deep learning techniques for face deepfake detection are fully supervised and require labels during training. In this paper, we design a novel deepfake detection method via unsupervised contrastive learning. We first generate two different transformed versions of an image and feed them into two sequential sub-networks, i.e., an encoder and a projection head. The unsupervised training is achieved by maximizing the correspondence degree of the outputs of the projection head. To evaluate the detection performance of our unsupervised method, we further use the unsupervised features to train an efficient linear classification network. Extensive experiments show that our unsupervised learning method enables comparable detection performance to state-of-the-art supervised techniques, in both the intra- and inter-dataset settings. We also conduct ablation studies for our method.      
### 27.Learning to Cluster Faces via Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11502.pdf)
>  Face clustering is a useful tool for applications like automatic face annotation and retrieval. The main challenge is that it is difficult to cluster images from the same identity with different face poses, occlusions, and image quality. Traditional clustering methods usually ignore the relationship between individual images and their neighbors which may contain useful context information. In this paper, we repurpose the well-known Transformer and introduce a Face Transformer for supervised face clustering. In Face Transformer, we decompose the face clustering into two steps: relation encoding and linkage predicting. Specifically, given a face image, a \textbf{relation encoder} module aggregates local context information from its neighbors and a \textbf{linkage predictor} module judges whether a pair of images belong to the same cluster or not. In the local linkage graph view, Face Transformer can generate more robust node and edge representations compared to existing methods. Experiments on both MS-Celeb-1M and DeepFashion show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance, e.g., 91.12\% in pairwise F-score on MS-Celeb-1M.      
### 28.Stroke-Based Scene Text Erasing Using Synthetic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11493.pdf)
>  Scene text erasing, which replaces text regions with reasonable content in natural images, has drawn attention in the computer vision community in recent years. There are two potential subtasks in scene text erasing: text detection and image inpainting. Either sub-task requires considerable data to achieve better performance; however, the lack of a large-scale real-world scene-text removal dataset allows the existing methods to not work in full strength. To avoid the limitation of the lack of pairwise real-world data, we enhance and make full use of the synthetic text and consequently train our model only on the dataset generated by the improved synthetic text engine. Our proposed network contains a stroke mask prediction module and background inpainting module that can extract the text stroke as a relatively small hole from the text image patch to maintain more background content for better inpainting results. This model can partially erase text instances in a scene image with a bounding box provided or work with an existing scene text detector for automatic scene text erasing. The experimental results of qualitative evaluation and quantitative evaluation on the SCUT-Syn, ICDAR2013, and SCUT-EnsText datasets demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms existing state-of-the-art methods even when trained on real-world data.      
### 29.Skip-Convolutions for Efficient Video Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11487.pdf)
>  We propose Skip-Convolutions to leverage the large amount of redundancies in video streams and save computations. Each video is represented as a series of changes across frames and network activations, denoted as residuals. We reformulate standard convolution to be efficiently computed on residual frames: each layer is coupled with a binary gate deciding whether a residual is important to the model prediction,~\eg foreground regions, or it can be safely skipped, e.g. background regions. These gates can either be implemented as an efficient network trained jointly with convolution kernels, or can simply skip the residuals based on their magnitude. Gating functions can also incorporate block-wise sparsity structures, as required for efficient implementation on hardware platforms. By replacing all convolutions with Skip-Convolutions in two state-of-the-art architectures, namely EfficientDet and HRNet, we reduce their computational cost consistently by a factor of 3~4x for two different tasks, without any accuracy drop. Extensive comparisons with existing model compression, as well as image and video efficiency methods demonstrate that Skip-Convolutions set a new state-of-the-art by effectively exploiting the temporal redundancies in videos.      
### 30.Sequential convolutional network for behavioral pattern extraction in gait recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11473.pdf)
>  As a unique and promising biometric, video-based gait recognition has broad applications. The key step of this methodology is to learn the walking pattern of individuals, which, however, often suffers challenges to extract the behavioral feature from a sequence directly. Most existing methods just focus on either the appearance or the motion pattern. To overcome these limitations, we propose a sequential convolutional network (SCN) from a novel perspective, where spatiotemporal features can be learned by a basic convolutional backbone. In SCN, behavioral information extractors (BIE) are constructed to comprehend intermediate feature maps in time series through motion templates where the relationship between frames can be analyzed, thereby distilling the information of the walking pattern. Furthermore, a multi-frame aggregator in SCN performs feature integration on a sequence whose length is uncertain, via a mobile 3D convolutional layer. To demonstrate the effectiveness, experiments have been conducted on two popular public benchmarks, CASIA-B and OU-MVLP, and our approach is demonstrated superior performance, comparing with the state-of-art methods.      
### 31.H2O: A Benchmark for Visual Human-human Object Handover Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11466.pdf)
>  Object handover is a common human collaboration behavior that attracts attention from researchers in Robotics and Cognitive Science. Though visual perception plays an important role in the object handover task, the whole handover process has been specifically explored. In this work, we propose a novel rich-annotated dataset, H2O, for visual analysis of human-human object handovers. The H2O, which contains 18K video clips involving 15 people who hand over 30 objects to each other, is a multi-purpose benchmark. It can support several vision-based tasks, from which, we specifically provide a baseline method, RGPNet, for a less-explored task named Receiver Grasp Prediction. Extensive experiments show that the RGPNet can produce plausible grasps based on the giver's hand-object states in the pre-handover phase. Besides, we also report the hand and object pose errors with existing baselines and show that the dataset can serve as the video demonstrations for robot imitation learning on the handover task. Dataset, model and code will be made public.      
### 32.SportsCap: Monocular 3D Human Motion Capture and Fine-grained Understanding in Challenging Sports Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11452.pdf)
>  Markerless motion capture and understanding of professional non-daily human movements is an important yet unsolved task, which suffers from complex motion patterns and severe self-occlusion, especially for the monocular setting. In this paper, we propose SportsCap -- the first approach for simultaneously capturing 3D human motions and understanding fine-grained actions from monocular challenging sports video input. Our approach utilizes the semantic and temporally structured sub-motion prior in the embedding space for motion capture and understanding in a data-driven multi-task manner. To enable robust capture under complex motion patterns, we propose an effective motion embedding module to recover both the implicit motion embedding and explicit 3D motion details via a corresponding mapping function as well as a sub-motion classifier. Based on such hybrid motion information, we introduce a multi-stream spatial-temporal Graph Convolutional Network(ST-GCN) to predict the fine-grained semantic action attributes, and adopt a semantic attribute mapping block to assemble various correlated action attributes into a high-level action label for the overall detailed understanding of the whole sequence, so as to enable various applications like action assessment or motion scoring. Comprehensive experiments on both public and our proposed datasets show that with a challenging monocular sports video input, our novel approach not only significantly improves the accuracy of 3D human motion capture, but also recovers accurate fine-grained semantic action attributes.      
### 33.TricubeNet: 2D Kernel-Based Object Representation for Weakly-Occluded Oriented Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11435.pdf)
>  We present a new approach for oriented object detection, an anchor-free one-stage detector. This approach, named TricubeNet, represents each object as a 2D Tricube kernel and extracts bounding boxes using appearance-based post-processing. Unlike existing anchor-based oriented object detectors, we can save the computational complexity and the number of hyperparameters by eliminating the anchor box in the network design. In addition, by adopting a heatmap-based detection process instead of the box offset regression, we simply and effectively solve the angle discontinuity problem, which is one of the important problems for oriented object detection. To further boost the performance, we propose some effective techniques for the loss balancing, extracting the rotation-invariant feature, and heatmap refinement. To demonstrate the effectiveness of our TricueNet, we experiment on various tasks for the weakly-occluded oriented object detection. The extensive experimental results show that our TricueNet is highly effective and competitive for oriented object detection. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/qjadud1994/TricubeNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Low Pass Filter for Anti-aliasing in Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11403.pdf)
>  In temporal action localization methods, temporal downsampling operations are widely used to extract proposal features, but they often lead to the aliasing problem, due to lacking consideration of sampling rates. This paper aims to verify the existence of aliasing in TAL methods and investigate utilizing low pass filters to solve this problem by inhibiting the high-frequency band. However, the high-frequency band usually contains large amounts of specific information, which is important for model inference. Therefore, it is necessary to make a tradeoff between anti-aliasing and reserving high-frequency information. To acquire optimal performance, this paper learns different cutoff frequencies for different instances dynamically. This design can be plugged into most existing temporal modeling programs requiring only one additional cutoff frequency parameter. Integrating low pass filters to the downsampling operations significantly improves the detection performance and achieves comparable results on THUMOS'14, ActivityNet~1.3, and Charades datasets. Experiments demonstrate that anti-aliasing with low pass filters in TAL is advantageous and efficient.      
### 35.Eigenbackground Revisited: Can We Model the Background with Eigenvectors?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11379.pdf)
>  Using dominant eigenvectors for background modeling (usually known as Eigenbackground) is a common technique in the literature. However, its results suffer from noticeable artifacts. Thus have been many attempts to reduce the artifacts by making some improvements/enhancement in the Eigenbackground algorithm. <br>In this paper, we show the main problem of the Eigenbackground is in its own core and in fact, it is not a good idea to use strongest eigenvectors for modeling the background. Instead, we propose an alternative solution by exploiting the weakest eigenvectors (which are usually thrown away and treated as garbage data) for background modeling. MATLAB codes are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/mamintoosi/Eigenbackground-Revisited" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 36.H-Net: Unsupervised Attention-based Stereo Depth Estimation Leveraging Epipolar Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11288.pdf)
>  Depth estimation from a stereo image pair has become one of the most explored applications in computer vision, with most of the previous methods relying on fully supervised learning settings. However, due to the difficulty in acquiring accurate and scalable ground truth data, the training of fully supervised methods is challenging. As an alternative, self-supervised methods are becoming more popular to mitigate this challenge. In this paper, we introduce the H-Net, a deep-learning framework for unsupervised stereo depth estimation that leverages epipolar geometry to refine stereo matching. For the first time, a Siamese autoencoder architecture is used for depth estimation which allows mutual information between the rectified stereo images to be extracted. To enforce the epipolar constraint, the mutual epipolar attention mechanism has been designed which gives more emphasis to correspondences of features which lie on the same epipolar line while learning mutual information between the input stereo pair. Stereo correspondences are further enhanced by incorporating semantic information to the proposed attention mechanism. More specifically, the optimal transport algorithm is used to suppress attention and eliminate outliers in areas not visible in both cameras. Extensive experiments on KITTI2015 and Cityscapes show that our method outperforms the state-ofthe-art unsupervised stereo depth estimation methods while closing the gap with the fully supervised approaches.      
### 37.Motion Representations for Articulated Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11280.pdf)
>  We propose novel motion representations for animating articulated objects consisting of distinct parts. In a completely unsupervised manner, our method identifies object parts, tracks them in a driving video, and infers their motions by considering their principal axes. In contrast to the previous keypoint-based works, our method extracts meaningful and consistent regions, describing locations, shape, and pose. The regions correspond to semantically relevant and distinct object parts, that are more easily detected in frames of the driving video. To force decoupling of foreground from background, we model non-object related global motion with an additional affine transformation. To facilitate animation and prevent the leakage of the shape of the driving object, we disentangle shape and pose of objects in the region space. Our model can animate a variety of objects, surpassing previous methods by a large margin on existing benchmarks. We present a challenging new benchmark with high-resolution videos and show that the improvement is particularly pronounced when articulated objects are considered, reaching 96.6% user preference vs. the state of the art.      
### 38.Landmark-Aware and Part-based Ensemble Transfer Learning Network for Facial Expression Recognition from Static images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11274.pdf)
>  Facial Expression Recognition from static images is a challenging problem in computer vision applications. Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), the state-of-the-art method for various computer vision tasks, has had limited success in predicting expressions from faces having extreme poses, illumination, and occlusion conditions. To mitigate this issue, CNNs are often accompanied by techniques like transfer, multi-task, or ensemble learning that often provide high accuracy at the cost of high computational complexity. In this work, we propose a Part-based Ensemble Transfer Learning network, which models how humans recognize facial expressions by correlating the spatial orientation pattern of the facial features with a specific expression. It consists of 5 sub-networks, in which each sub-network performs transfer learning from one of the five subsets of facial landmarks: eyebrows, eyes, nose, mouth, or jaw to expression classification. We test the proposed network on the CK+, JAFFE, and SFEW datasets, and it outperforms the benchmark for CK+ and JAFFE datasets by 0.51\% and 5.34\%, respectively. Additionally, it consists of a total of 1.65M model parameters and requires only 3.28 $\times$ $10^{6}$ FLOPS, which ensures computational efficiency for real-time deployment. Grad-CAM visualizations of our proposed ensemble highlight the complementary nature of its sub-networks, a key design parameter of an effective ensemble network. Lastly, cross-dataset evaluation results reveal that our proposed ensemble has a high generalization capacity. Our model trained on the SFEW Train dataset achieves an accuracy of 47.53\% on the CK+ dataset, which is higher than what it achieves on the SFEW Valid dataset.      
### 39.Equivariant Wavelets: Fast Rotation and Translation Invariant Wavelet Scattering Transforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11244.pdf)
>  Wavelet scattering networks, which are convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with fixed filters and weights, are promising tools for image analysis. Imposing symmetry on image statistics can improve human interpretability, aid in generalization, and provide dimension reduction. In this work, we introduce a fast-to-compute, translationally invariant and rotationally equivariant wavelet scattering network (EqWS) and filter bank of wavelets (triglets). We demonstrate the interpretability and quantify the invariance/equivariance of the coefficients, briefly commenting on difficulties with implementing scale equivariance. On MNIST, we show that training on a rotationally invariant reduction of the coefficients maintains rotational invariance when generalized to test data and visualize residual symmetry breaking terms. Rotation equivariance is leveraged to estimate the rotation angle of digits and reconstruct the full rotation dependence of each coefficient from a single angle. We benchmark EqWS with linear classifiers on EMNIST and CIFAR-10/100, introducing a new second-order, cross-color channel coupling for the color images. We conclude by comparing the performance of an isotropic reduction of the scattering coefficients and RWST, a previous coefficient reduction, on an isotropic classification of magnetohydrodynamic simulations with astrophysical relevance.      
### 40.VeriMedi: Pill Identification using Proxy-based Deep Metric Learning and Exact Solution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11231.pdf)
>  We present the system that we have developed for the identification and verification of pills using images that are taken by the VeriMedi device. The VeriMedi device is an Internet of Things device that takes pictures of a filled pill vial from the bottom of the vial and uses the solution that is presented in this research to identify the pills in the vials. The solution has two serially connected deep learning solutions which do segmentation and identification. The segmentation solution creates the masks for each pill in the vial image by using the Mask R-CNN model, then segments and crops the pills and blurs the background. After that, the segmented pill images are sent to the identification solution where a Deep Metric Learning model that is trained with Proxy Anchor Loss (PAL) function generates embedding vectors for each pill image. The generated embedding vectors are fed into a one-layer fully connected network that is trained with the exact solution to predict each single pill image. Then, the aggregation/verification function aggregates the multiple predictions coming from multiple single pill images and verifies the correctness of the final prediction with respect to predefined rules. Besides, we enhanced the PAL with a better proxy initialization that increased the performance of the models and let the model learn the new classes of images continually without retraining the model with the whole dataset. When the model that is trained with initial classes is retrained only with new classes, the accuracy of the model increases for both old and new classes. The identification solution that we have presented in this research can also be reused for other problem domains which require continual learning and/or Fine-Grained Visual Categorization.      
### 41.GuideBP: Guiding Backpropagation Through Weaker Pathways of Parallel Logits  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11620.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks often generate multiple logits and use simple techniques like addition or averaging for loss computation. But this allows gradients to be distributed equally among all paths. The proposed approach guides the gradients of backpropagation along weakest concept representations. A weakness scores defines the class specific performance of individual pathways which is then used to create a logit that would guide gradients along the weakest pathways. The proposed approach has been shown to perform better than traditional column merging techniques and can be used in several application scenarios. Not only can the proposed model be used as an efficient technique for training multiple instances of a model parallely, but also CNNs with multiple output branches have been shown to perform better with the proposed upgrade. Various experiments establish the flexibility of the learning technique which is simple yet effective in various multi-objective scenarios both empirically and statistically.      
### 42.The Influence of Audio on Video Memorability with an Audio Gestalt Regulated Video Memorability System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11568.pdf)
>  Memories are the tethering threads that tie us to the world, and memorability is the measure of their tensile strength. The threads of memory are spun from fibres of many modalities, obscuring the contribution of a single fibre to a thread's overall tensile strength. Unfurling these fibres is the key to understanding the nature of their interaction, and how we can ultimately create more meaningful media content. In this paper, we examine the influence of audio on video recognition memorability, finding evidence to suggest that it can facilitate overall video recognition memorability rich in high-level (gestalt) audio features. We introduce a novel multimodal deep learning-based late-fusion system that uses audio gestalt to estimate the influence of a given video's audio on its overall short-term recognition memorability, and selectively leverages audio features to make a prediction accordingly. We benchmark our audio gestalt based system on the Memento10k short-term video memorability dataset, achieving top-2 state-of-the-art results.      
### 43.Weakly-supervised Multi-task Learning for Multimodal Affect Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11560.pdf)
>  Multimodal affect recognition constitutes an important aspect for enhancing interpersonal relationships in human-computer interaction. However, relevant data is hard to come by and notably costly to annotate, which poses a challenging barrier to build robust multimodal affect recognition systems. Models trained on these relatively small datasets tend to overfit and the improvement gained by using complex state-of-the-art models is marginal compared to simple baselines. Meanwhile, there are many different multimodal affect recognition datasets, though each may be small. In this paper, we propose to leverage these datasets using weakly-supervised multi-task learning to improve the generalization performance on each of them. Specifically, we explore three multimodal affect recognition tasks: 1) emotion recognition; 2) sentiment analysis; and 3) sarcasm recognition. Our experimental results show that multi-tasking can benefit all these tasks, achieving an improvement up to 2.9% accuracy and 3.3% F1-score. Furthermore, our method also helps to improve the stability of model performance. In addition, our analysis suggests that weak supervision can provide a comparable contribution to strong supervision if the tasks are highly correlated.      
### 44.Research on the Detection Method of Breast Cancer Deep Convolutional Neural Network Based on Computer Aid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11551.pdf)
>  Traditional breast cancer image classification methods require manual extraction of features from medical images, which not only require professional medical knowledge, but also have problems such as time-consuming and labor-intensive and difficulty in extracting high-quality features. Therefore, the paper proposes a computer-based feature fusion Convolutional neural network breast cancer image classification and detection method. The paper pre-trains two convolutional neural networks with different structures, and then uses the convolutional neural network to automatically extract the characteristics of features, fuse the features extracted from the two structures, and finally use the classifier classifies the fused features. The experimental results show that the accuracy of this method in the classification of breast cancer image data sets is 89%, and the classification accuracy of breast cancer images is significantly improved compared with traditional methods.      
### 45.Autonomous Vehicles that Alert Humans to Take-Over Controls: Modeling with Real-World Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11489.pdf)
>  With increasing automation in passenger vehicles, the study of safe and smooth occupant-vehicle interaction and control transitions is key. In this study, we focus on the development of contextual, semantically meaningful representations of the driver state, which can then be used to determine the appropriate timing and conditions for transfer of control between driver and vehicle. To this end, we conduct a large-scale real-world controlled data study where participants are instructed to take-over control from an autonomous agent under different driving conditions while engaged in a variety of distracting activities. These take-over events are captured using multiple driver-facing cameras, which when labelled result in a dataset of control transitions and their corresponding take-over times (TOTs). After augmenting this dataset, we develop and train TOT models that operate sequentially on low and mid-level features produced by computer vision algorithms operating on different driver-facing camera views. The proposed TOT model produces continuous estimates of take-over times without delay, and shows promising qualitative and quantitative results in complex real-world scenarios.      
### 46.Probabilistic Rainfall Estimation from Automotive Lidar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11467.pdf)
>  Robust sensing and perception in adverse weather conditions remains one of the biggest challenges for realizing reliable autonomous vehicle mobility services. Prior work has established that rainfall rate is a useful measure for adversity of atmospheric weather conditions. This work presents a probabilistic hierarchical Bayesian model that infers rainfall rate from automotive lidar point cloud sequences with high accuracy and reliability. The model is a hierarchical mixture of expert model, or a probabilistic decision tree, with gating and expert nodes consisting of variational logistic and linear regression models. Experimental data used to train and evaluate the model is collected in a large-scale rainfall experiment facility from both stationary and moving vehicle platforms. The results show prediction accuracy comparable to the measurement resolution of a disdrometer, and the soundness and usefulness of the uncertainty estimation. The model achieves RMSE 2.42 mm/h after filtering out uncertain predictions. The error is comparable to the mean rainfall rate change of 3.5 mm/h between measurements. Model parameter studies show how predictive performance changes with tree depth, sampling duration, and crop box dimension. A second experiment demonstrate the predictability of higher rainfall above 300 mm/h using a different lidar sensor, demonstrating sensor independence.      
### 47.Learning from Ambiguous Labels for Lung Nodule Malignancy Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11436.pdf)
>  Lung nodule malignancy prediction is an essential step in the early diagnosis of lung cancer. Besides the difficulties commonly discussed, the challenges of this task also come from the ambiguous labels provided by annotators, since deep learning models may learn, even amplify, the bias embedded in them. In this paper, we propose a multi-view "divide-and-rule" (MV-DAR) model to learn from both reliable and ambiguous annotations for lung nodule malignancy prediction. According to the consistency and reliability of their annotations, we divide nodules into three sets: a consistent and reliable set (CR-Set), an inconsistent set (IC-Set), and a low reliable set (LR-Set). The nodule in IC-Set is annotated by multiple radiologists inconsistently, and the nodule in LR-Set is annotated by only one radiologist. The proposed MV-DAR contains three DAR submodels to characterize a lung nodule from three orthographic views. Each DAR consists of a prediction network (Prd-Net), a counterfactual network (CF-Net), and a low reliable network (LR-Net), learning on CR-Set, IC-Set, and LR-Set, respectively. The image representation ability learned by CF-Net and LR-Net is then transferred to Prd-Net by negative-attention module (NA-Module) and consistent-attention module (CA-Module), aiming to boost the prediction ability of Prd-Net. The MV-DAR model has been evaluated on the LIDC-IDRI dataset and LUNGx dataset. Our results indicate not only the effectiveness of the proposed MV-DAR model in learning from ambiguous labels but also its superiority over present noisy label-learning models in lung nodule malignancy prediction.      
### 48.Predicting Distant Metastases in Soft-Tissue Sarcomas from PET-CT scans using Constrained Hierarchical Multi-Modality Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11416.pdf)
>  Distant metastases (DM) refer to the dissemination of tumors, usually, beyond the organ where the tumor originated. They are the leading cause of death in patients with soft-tissue sarcomas (STSs). Positron emission tomography-computed tomography (PET-CT) is regarded as the imaging modality of choice for the management of STSs. It is difficult to determine from imaging studies which STS patients will develop metastases. 'Radiomics' refers to the extraction and analysis of quantitative features from medical images and it has been employed to help identify such tumors. The state-of-the-art in radiomics is based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Most CNNs are designed for single-modality imaging data (CT or PET alone) and do not exploit the information embedded in PET-CT where there is a combination of an anatomical and functional imaging modality. Furthermore, most radiomic methods rely on manual input from imaging specialists for tumor delineation, definition and selection of radiomic features. This approach, however, may not be scalable to tumors with complex boundaries and where there are multiple other sites of disease. We outline a new 3D CNN to help predict DM in STS patients from PET-CT data. The 3D CNN uses a constrained feature learning module and a hierarchical multi-modality feature learning module that leverages the complementary information from the modalities to focus on semantically important regions. Our results on a public PET-CT dataset of STS patients show that multi-modal information improves the ability to identify those patients who develop DM. Further our method outperformed all other related state-of-the-art methods.      
### 49.Intentional Deep Overfit Learning (IDOL): A Novel Deep Learning Strategy for Adaptive Radiation Therapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11401.pdf)
>  In this study, we propose a tailored DL framework for patient-specific performance that leverages the behavior of a model intentionally overfitted to a patient-specific training dataset augmented from the prior information available in an ART workflow - an approach we term Intentional Deep Overfit Learning (IDOL). Implementing the IDOL framework in any task in radiotherapy consists of two training stages: 1) training a generalized model with a diverse training dataset of N patients, just as in the conventional DL approach, and 2) intentionally overfitting this general model to a small training dataset-specific the patient of interest (N+1) generated through perturbations and augmentations of the available task- and patient-specific prior information to establish a personalized IDOL model. The IDOL framework itself is task-agnostic and is thus widely applicable to many components of the ART workflow, three of which we use as a proof of concept here: the auto-contouring task on re-planning CTs for traditional ART, the MRI super-resolution (SR) task for MRI-guided ART, and the synthetic CT (sCT) reconstruction task for MRI-only ART. In the re-planning CT auto-contouring task, the accuracy measured by the Dice similarity coefficient improves from 0.847 with the general model to 0.935 by adopting the IDOL model. In the case of MRI SR, the mean absolute error (MAE) is improved by 40% using the IDOL framework over the conventional model. Finally, in the sCT reconstruction task, the MAE is reduced from 68 to 22 HU by utilizing the IDOL framework.      
### 50.Connecting Hamilton--Jacobi partial differential equations with maximum a posteriori and posterior mean estimators for some non-convex priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11285.pdf)
>  Many imaging problems can be formulated as inverse problems expressed as finite-dimensional optimization problems. These optimization problems generally consist of minimizing the sum of a data fidelity and regularization terms. In [23,26], connections between these optimization problems and (multi-time) Hamilton--Jacobi partial differential equations have been proposed under the convexity assumptions of both the data fidelity and regularization terms. In particular, under these convexity assumptions, some representation formulas for a minimizer can be obtained. From a Bayesian perspective, such a minimizer can be seen as a maximum a posteriori estimator. In this chapter, we consider a certain class of non-convex regularizations and show that similar representation formulas for the minimizer can also be obtained. This is achieved by leveraging min-plus algebra techniques that have been originally developed for solving certain Hamilton--Jacobi partial differential equations arising in optimal control. Note that connections between viscous Hamilton--Jacobi partial differential equations and Bayesian posterior mean estimators with Gaussian data fidelity terms and log-concave priors have been highlighted in [25]. We also present similar results for certain Bayesian posterior mean estimators with Gaussian data fidelity and certain non-log-concave priors using an analogue of min-plus algebra techniques.      
