# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 8 Apr 2021
### 1.SCANimate: Weakly Supervised Learning of Skinned Clothed Avatar Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03313.pdf)
>  We present SCANimate, an end-to-end trainable framework that takes raw 3D scans of a clothed human and turns them into an animatable avatar. These avatars are driven by pose parameters and have realistic clothing that moves and deforms naturally. SCANimate does not rely on a customized mesh template or surface mesh registration. We observe that fitting a parametric 3D body model, like SMPL, to a clothed human scan is tractable while surface registration of the body topology to the scan is often not, because clothing can deviate significantly from the body shape. We also observe that articulated transformations are invertible, resulting in geometric cycle consistency in the posed and unposed shapes. These observations lead us to a weakly supervised learning method that aligns scans into a canonical pose by disentangling articulated deformations without template-based surface registration. Furthermore, to complete missing regions in the aligned scans while modeling pose-dependent deformations, we introduce a locally pose-aware implicit function that learns to complete and model geometry with learned pose correctives. In contrast to commonly used global pose embeddings, our local pose conditioning significantly reduces long-range spurious correlations and improves generalization to unseen poses, especially when training data is limited. Our method can be applied to pose-aware appearance modeling to generate a fully textured avatar. We demonstrate our approach on various clothing types with different amounts of training data, outperforming existing solutions and other variants in terms of fidelity and generality in every setting. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://scanimate.is.tue.mpg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Streaming Self-Training via Domain-Agnostic Unlabeled Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03309.pdf)
>  We present streaming self-training (SST) that aims to democratize the process of learning visual recognition models such that a non-expert user can define a new task depending on their needs via a few labeled examples and minimal domain knowledge. Key to SST are two crucial observations: (1) domain-agnostic unlabeled images enable us to learn better models with a few labeled examples without any additional knowledge or supervision; and (2) learning is a continuous process and can be done by constructing a schedule of learning updates that iterates between pre-training on novel segments of the streams of unlabeled data, and fine-tuning on the small and fixed labeled dataset. This allows SST to overcome the need for a large number of domain-specific labeled and unlabeled examples, exorbitant computational resources, and domain/task-specific knowledge. In this setting, classical semi-supervised approaches require a large amount of domain-specific labeled and unlabeled examples, immense resources to process data, and expert knowledge of a particular task. Due to these reasons, semi-supervised learning has been restricted to a few places that can house required computational and human resources. In this work, we overcome these challenges and demonstrate our findings for a wide range of visual recognition tasks including fine-grained image classification, surface normal estimation, and semantic segmentation. We also demonstrate our findings for diverse domains including medical, satellite, and agricultural imagery, where there does not exist a large amount of labeled or unlabeled data.      
### 3.Warp Consistency for Unsupervised Learning of Dense Correspondences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03308.pdf)
>  The key challenge in learning dense correspondences lies in the lack of ground-truth matches for real image pairs. While photometric consistency losses provide unsupervised alternatives, they struggle with large appearance changes, which are ubiquitous in geometric and semantic matching tasks. Moreover, methods relying on synthetic training pairs often suffer from poor generalisation to real data. <br>We propose Warp Consistency, an unsupervised learning objective for dense correspondence regression. Our objective is effective even in settings with large appearance and view-point changes. Given a pair of real images, we first construct an image triplet by applying a randomly sampled warp to one of the original images. We derive and analyze all flow-consistency constraints arising between the triplet. From our observations and empirical results, we design a general unsupervised objective employing two of the derived constraints. We validate our warp consistency loss by training three recent dense correspondence networks for the geometric and semantic matching tasks. Our approach sets a new state-of-the-art on several challenging benchmarks, including MegaDepth, RobotCar and TSS. Code and models will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/PruneTruong/DenseMatching" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 4.Hand-Object Contact Consistency Reasoning for Human Grasps Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03304.pdf)
>  While predicting robot grasps with parallel jaw grippers have been well studied and widely applied in robot manipulation tasks, the study on natural human grasp generation with a multi-finger hand remains a very challenging problem. In this paper, we propose to generate human grasps given a 3D object in the world. Our key observation is that it is crucial to model the consistency between the hand contact points and object contact regions. That is, we encourage the prior hand contact points to be close to the object surface and the object common contact regions to be touched by the hand at the same time. Based on the hand-object contact consistency, we design novel objectives in training the human grasp generation model and also a new self-supervised task which allows the grasp generation network to be adjusted even during test time. Our experiments show significant improvement in human grasp generation over state-of-the-art approaches by a large margin. More interestingly, by optimizing the model during test time with the self-supervised task, it helps achieve larger gain on unseen and out-of-domain objects. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://hwjiang1510.github.io/GraspTTA/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 5.Deep Semi-supervised Metric Learning with Dual Alignment for Cervical Cancer Cell Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03265.pdf)
>  With availability of huge amounts of labeled data, deep learning has achieved unprecedented success in various object detection tasks. However, large-scale annotations for medical images are extremely challenging to be acquired due to the high demand of labour and expertise. To address this difficult issue, in this paper we propose a novel semi-supervised deep metric learning method to effectively leverage both labeled and unlabeled data with application to cervical cancer cell detection. Different from previous methods, our model learns an embedding metric space and conducts dual alignment of semantic features on both the proposal and prototype levels. First, on the proposal level, we generate pseudo labels for the unlabeled data to align the proposal features with learnable class proxies derived from the labeled data. Furthermore, we align the prototypes generated from each mini-batch of labeled and unlabeled data to alleviate the influence of possibly noisy pseudo labels. Moreover, we adopt a memory bank to store the labeled prototypes and hence significantly enrich the metric learning information from larger batches. To comprehensively validate the method, we construct a large-scale dataset for semi-supervised cervical cancer cell detection for the first time, consisting of 240,860 cervical cell images in total. Extensive experiments show our proposed method outperforms other state-of-the-art semi-supervised approaches consistently, demonstrating efficacy of deep semi-supervised metric learning with dual alignment on improving cervical cancer cell detection performance.      
### 6.A Unified Model for Fingerprint Authentication and Presentation Attack Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03255.pdf)
>  Typical fingerprint recognition systems are comprised of a spoof detection module and a subsequent recognition module, running one after the other. In this paper, we reformulate the workings of a typical fingerprint recognition system. In particular, we posit that both spoof detection and fingerprint recognition are correlated tasks. Therefore, rather than performing the two tasks separately, we propose a joint model for spoof detection and matching to simultaneously perform both tasks without compromising the accuracy of either task. We demonstrate the capability of our joint model to obtain an authentication accuracy (1:1 matching) of TAR = 100% @ FAR = 0.1% on the FVC 2006 DB2A dataset while achieving a spoof detection ACE of 1.44% on the LiveDet 2015 dataset, both maintaining the performance of stand-alone methods. In practice, this reduces the time and memory requirements of the fingerprint recognition system by 50% and 40%, respectively; a significant advantage for recognition systems running on resource-constrained devices and communication channels.      
### 7.OXnet: Omni-supervised Thoracic Disease Detection from Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03218.pdf)
>  Chest X-ray (CXR) is the most typical medical image worldwide to examine various thoracic diseases. Automatically localizing lesions from CXR is a promising way to alleviate radiologists' daily reading burden. However, CXR datasets often have numerous image-level annotations and scarce lesion-level annotations, and more often, without annotations. Thus far, unifying different supervision granularities to develop thoracic disease detection algorithms has not been comprehensively addressed. In this paper, we present OXnet, the first deep omni-supervised thoracic disease detection network to our best knowledge that uses as much available supervision as possible for CXR diagnosis. Besides fully supervised learning, to enable learning from weakly-annotated data, we guide the information from a global classification branch to the lesion localization branch by a dual attention alignment module. To further enhance global information learning, we impose intra-class compactness and inter-class separability with a global prototype alignment module. For unsupervised data learning, we extend the focal loss to be its soft form to distill knowledge from a teacher model. Extensive experiments show the proposed OXnet outperforms competitive methods with significant margins. Further, we investigate omni-supervision under various annotation granularities and corroborate OXnet is a promising choice to mitigate the plight of annotation shortage for medical image diagnosis.      
### 8.Self-Supervised Learning for Semi-Supervised Temporal Action Proposal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03214.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning presents a remarkable performance to utilize unlabeled data for various video tasks. In this paper, we focus on applying the power of self-supervised methods to improve semi-supervised action proposal generation. Particularly, we design an effective Self-supervised Semi-supervised Temporal Action Proposal (SSTAP) framework. The SSTAP contains two crucial branches, i.e., temporal-aware semi-supervised branch and relation-aware self-supervised branch. The semi-supervised branch improves the proposal model by introducing two temporal perturbations, i.e., temporal feature shift and temporal feature flip, in the mean teacher framework. The self-supervised branch defines two pretext tasks, including masked feature reconstruction and clip-order prediction, to learn the relation of temporal clues. By this means, SSTAP can better explore unlabeled videos, and improve the discriminative abilities of learned action features. We extensively evaluate the proposed SSTAP on THUMOS14 and ActivityNet v1.3 datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that SSTAP significantly outperforms state-of-the-art semi-supervised methods and even matches fully-supervised methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wangxiang1230/SSTAP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.The Use of Video Captioning for Fostering Physical Activity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03207.pdf)
>  Video Captioning is considered to be one of the most challenging problems in the field of computer vision. Video Captioning involves the combination of different deep learning models to perform object detection, action detection, and localization by processing a sequence of image frames. It is crucial to consider the sequence of actions in a video in order to generate a meaningful description of the overall action event. A reliable, accurate, and real-time video captioning method can be used in many applications. However, this paper focuses on one application: video captioning for fostering and facilitating physical activities. In broad terms, the work can be considered to be assistive technology. Lack of physical activity appears to be increasingly widespread in many nations due to many factors, the most important being the convenience that technology has provided in workplaces. The adopted sedentary lifestyle is becoming a significant public health issue. Therefore, it is essential to incorporate more physical movements into our daily lives. Tracking one's daily physical activities would offer a base for comparison with activities performed in subsequent days. With the above in mind, this paper proposes a video captioning framework that aims to describe the activities in a video and estimate a person's daily physical activity level. This framework could potentially help people trace their daily movements to reduce an inactive lifestyle's health risks. The work presented in this paper is still in its infancy. The initial steps of the application are outlined in this paper. Based on our preliminary research, this project has great merit.      
### 10.The SARAS Endoscopic Surgeon Action Detection (ESAD) dataset: Challenges and methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03178.pdf)
>  For an autonomous robotic system, monitoring surgeon actions and assisting the main surgeon during a procedure can be very challenging. The challenges come from the peculiar structure of the surgical scene, the greater similarity in appearance of actions performed via tools in a cavity compared to, say, human actions in unconstrained environments, as well as from the motion of the endoscopic camera. This paper presents ESAD, the first large-scale dataset designed to tackle the problem of surgeon action detection in endoscopic minimally invasive surgery. ESAD aims at contributing to increase the effectiveness and reliability of surgical assistant robots by realistically testing their awareness of the actions performed by a surgeon. The dataset provides bounding box annotation for 21 action classes on real endoscopic video frames captured during prostatectomy, and was used as the basis of a recent MIDL 2020 challenge. We also present an analysis of the dataset conducted using the baseline model which was released as part of the challenge, and a description of the top performing models submitted to the challenge together with the results they obtained. This study provides significant insight into what approaches can be effective and can be extended further. We believe that ESAD will serve in the future as a useful benchmark for all researchers active in surgeon action detection and assistive robotics at large.      
### 11.On Self-Contact and Human Pose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03176.pdf)
>  People touch their face 23 times an hour, they cross their arms and legs, put their hands on their hips, etc. While many images of people contain some form of self-contact, current 3D human pose and shape (HPS) regression methods typically fail to estimate this contact. To address this, we develop new datasets and methods that significantly improve human pose estimation with self-contact. First, we create a dataset of 3D Contact Poses (3DCP) containing SMPL-X bodies fit to 3D scans as well as poses from AMASS, which we refine to ensure good contact. Second, we leverage this to create the Mimic-The-Pose (MTP) dataset of images, collected via Amazon Mechanical Turk, containing people mimicking the 3DCP poses with selfcontact. Third, we develop a novel HPS optimization method, SMPLify-XMC, that includes contact constraints and uses the known 3DCP body pose during fitting to create near ground-truth poses for MTP images. Fourth, for more image variety, we label a dataset of in-the-wild images with Discrete Self-Contact (DSC) information and use another new optimization method, SMPLify-DC, that exploits discrete contacts during pose optimization. Finally, we use our datasets during SPIN training to learn a new 3D human pose regressor, called TUCH (Towards Understanding Contact in Humans). We show that the new self-contact training data significantly improves 3D human pose estimates on withheld test data and existing datasets like 3DPW. Not only does our method improve results for self-contact poses, but it also improves accuracy for non-contact poses. The code and data are available for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://tuch.is.tue.mpg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Distilling and Transferring Knowledge via cGAN-generated Samples for Image Classification and Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03164.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) has been actively studied for image classification tasks in deep learning, aiming to improve the performance of a student model based on the knowledge from a teacher model. However, there have been very few efforts for applying KD in image regression with a scalar response, and there is no KD method applicable to both tasks. Moreover, existing KD methods often require a practitioner to carefully choose or adjust the teacher and student architectures, making these methods less scalable in practice. Furthermore, although KD is usually conducted in scenarios with limited labeled data, very few techniques are developed to alleviate such data insufficiency. To solve the above problems in an all-in-one manner, we propose in this paper a unified KD framework based on conditional generative adversarial networks (cGANs), termed cGAN-KD. Fundamentally different from existing KD methods, cGAN-KD distills and transfers knowledge from a teacher model to a student model via cGAN-generated samples. This unique mechanism makes cGAN-KD suitable for both classification and regression tasks, compatible with other KD methods, and insensitive to the teacher and student architectures. Also, benefiting from the recent advances in cGAN methodology and our specially designed subsampling and filtering procedures, cGAN-KD also performs well when labeled data are scarce. An error bound of a student model trained in the cGAN-KD framework is derived in this work, which theoretically explains why cGAN-KD takes effect and guides the implementation of cGAN-KD in practice. Extensive experiments on CIFAR-10 and Tiny-ImageNet show that we can incorporate state-of-the-art KD methods into the cGAN-KD framework to reach a new state of the art. Also, experiments on RC-49 and UTKFace demonstrate the effectiveness of cGAN-KD in image regression tasks, where existing KD methods are inapplicable.      
### 13.Beyond Question-Based Biases: Assessing Multimodal Shortcut Learning in Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03149.pdf)
>  We introduce an evaluation methodology for visual question answering (VQA) to better diagnose cases of shortcut learning. These cases happen when a model exploits spurious statistical regularities to produce correct answers but does not actually deploy the desired behavior. There is a need to identify possible shortcuts in a dataset and assess their use before deploying a model in the real world. The research community in VQA has focused exclusively on question-based shortcuts, where a model might, for example, answer "What is the color of the sky" with "blue" by relying mostly on the question-conditional training prior and give little weight to visual evidence. We go a step further and consider multimodal shortcuts that involve both questions and images. We first identify potential shortcuts in the popular VQA v2 training set by mining trivial predictive rules such as co-occurrences of words and visual elements. We then create VQA-CE, a new evaluation set made of CounterExamples i.e. questions where the mined rules lead to incorrect answers. We use this new evaluation in a large-scale study of existing models. We demonstrate that even state-of-the-art models perform poorly and that existing techniques to reduce biases are largely ineffective in this context. Our findings suggest that past work on question-based biases in VQA has only addressed one facet of a complex issue. The code for our method is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cdancette/detect-shortcuts" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 14.Seeing Out of tHe bOx: End-to-End Pre-training for Vision-Language Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03135.pdf)
>  We study joint learning of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Transformer for vision-language pre-training (VLPT) which aims to learn cross-modal alignments from millions of image-text pairs. State-of-the-art approaches extract salient image regions and align regions with words step-by-step. As region-based visual features usually represent parts of an image, it is challenging for existing vision-language models to fully understand the semantics from paired natural languages. In this paper, we propose SOHO to "See Out of tHe bOx" that takes a whole image as input, and learns vision-language representation in an end-to-end manner. SOHO does not require bounding box annotations which enables inference 10 times faster than region-based approaches. In particular, SOHO learns to extract comprehensive yet compact image features through a visual dictionary (VD) that facilitates cross-modal understanding. VD is designed to represent consistent visual abstractions of similar semantics. It is updated on-the-fly and utilized in our proposed pre-training task Masked Visual Modeling (MVM). We conduct experiments on four well-established vision-language tasks by following standard VLPT settings. In particular, SOHO achieves absolute gains of 2.0% R@1 score on MSCOCO text retrieval 5k test split, 1.5% accuracy on NLVR$^2$ test-P split, 6.7% accuracy on SNLI-VE test split, respectively.      
### 15.Image Composition Assessment with Saliency-augmented Multi-pattern Pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03133.pdf)
>  Image composition assessment is crucial in aesthetic assessment, which aims to assess the overall composition quality of a given image. However, to the best of our knowledge, there is neither dataset nor method specifically proposed for this task. In this paper, we contribute the first composition assessment dataset CADB with composition scores for each image provided by multiple professional raters. Besides, we propose a composition assessment network SAMP-Net with a novel Saliency-Augmented Multi-pattern Pooling (SAMP) module, which analyses visual layout from the perspectives of multiple composition patterns. We also leverage composition-relevant attributes to further boost the performance, and extend Earth Mover's Distance (EMD) loss to weighted EMD loss to eliminate the content bias. The experimental results show that our SAMP-Net can perform more favorably than previous aesthetic assessment approaches and offer constructive composition suggestions.      
### 16.Single Source One Shot Reenactment using Weighted motion From Paired Feature Points  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03117.pdf)
>  Image reenactment is a task where the target object in the source image imitates the motion represented in the driving image. One of the most common reenactment tasks is face image animation. The major challenge in the current face reenactment approaches is to distinguish between facial motion and identity. For this reason, the previous models struggle to produce high-quality animations if the driving and source identities are different (cross-person reenactment). We propose a new (face) reenactment model that learns shape-independent motion features in a self-supervised setup. The motion is represented using a set of paired feature points extracted from the source and driving images simultaneously. The model is generalised to multiple reenactment tasks including faces and non-face objects using only a single source image. The extensive experiments show that the model faithfully transfers the driving motion to the source while retaining the source identity intact.      
### 17.Learning Residue-Aware Correlation Filters and Refining Scale Estimates with the GrabCut for Real-Time UAV Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03114.pdf)
>  Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-based tracking is attracting increasing attention and developing rapidly in applications such as agriculture, aviation, navigation, transportation and public security. Recently, discriminative correlation filters (DCF)-based trackers have stood out in UAV tracking community for their high efficiency and appealing robustness on a single CPU. However, due to limited onboard computation resources and other challenges the efficiency and accuracy of existing DCF-based approaches is still not satisfying. In this paper, we explore using segmentation by the GrabCut to improve the wildly adopted discriminative scale estimation in DCF-based trackers, which, as a mater of fact, greatly impacts the precision and accuracy of the trackers since accumulated scale error degrades the appearance model as online updating goes on. Meanwhile, inspired by residue representation, we exploit the residue nature inherent to videos and propose residue-aware correlation filters that show better convergence properties in filter learning. Extensive experiments are conducted on four UAV benchmarks, namely, UAV123@10fps, DTB70, UAVDT and Vistrone2018 (VisDrone2018-test-dev). The results show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance.      
### 18.Neural Articulated Radiance Field  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03110.pdf)
>  We present Neural Articulated Radiance Field (NARF), a novel deformable 3D representation for articulated objects learned from images. While recent advances in 3D implicit representation have made it possible to learn models of complex objects, learning pose-controllable representations of articulated objects remains a challenge, as current methods require 3D shape supervision and are unable to render appearance. In formulating an implicit representation of 3D articulated objects, our method considers only the rigid transformation of the most relevant object part in solving for the radiance field at each 3D location. In this way, the proposed method represents pose-dependent changes without significantly increasing the computational complexity. NARF is fully differentiable and can be trained from images with pose annotations. Moreover, through the use of an autoencoder, it can learn appearance variations over multiple instances of an object class. Experiments show that the proposed method is efficient and can generalize well to novel poses. We make the code, model and demo available for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nogu-atsu/NARF" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 19.VGF-Net: Visual-Geometric Fusion Learning for Simultaneous Drone Navigation and Height Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03109.pdf)
>  The drone navigation requires the comprehensive understanding of both visual and geometric information in the 3D world. In this paper, we present a Visual-Geometric Fusion Network(VGF-Net), a deep network for the fusion analysis of visual/geometric data and the construction of 2.5D height maps for simultaneous drone navigation in novel environments. Given an initial rough height map and a sequence of RGB images, our VGF-Net extracts the visual information of the scene, along with a sparse set of 3D keypoints that capture the geometric relationship between objects in the scene. Driven by the data, VGF-Net adaptively fuses visual and geometric information, forming a unified Visual-Geometric Representation. This representation is fed to a new Directional Attention Model(DAM), which helps enhance the visual-geometric object relationship and propagates the informative data to dynamically refine the height map and the corresponding keypoints. An entire end-to-end information fusion and mapping system is formed, demonstrating remarkable robustness and high accuracy on the autonomous drone navigation across complex indoor and large-scale outdoor scenes. The dataset can be found in <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://vcc.szu.edu.cn/research/2021/VGFNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 20.V2F-Net: Explicit Decomposition of Occluded Pedestrian Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03106.pdf)
>  Occlusion is very challenging in pedestrian detection. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective method named V2F-Net, which explicitly decomposes occluded pedestrian detection into visible region detection and full body estimation. V2F-Net consists of two sub-networks: Visible region Detection Network (VDN) and Full body Estimation Network (FEN). VDN tries to localize visible regions and FEN estimates full-body box on the basis of the visible box. Moreover, to further improve the estimation of full body, we propose a novel Embedding-based Part-aware Module (EPM). By supervising the visibility for each part, the network is encouraged to extract features with essential part information. We experimentally show the effectiveness of V2F-Net by conducting several experiments on two challenging datasets. V2F-Net achieves 5.85% AP gains on CrowdHuman and 2.24% MR-2 improvements on CityPersons compared to FPN baseline. Besides, the consistent gain on both one-stage and two-stage detector validates the generalizability of our method.      
### 21.HIH: Towards More Accurate Face Alignment via Heatmap in Heatmap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03100.pdf)
>  Recently, heatmap regression models have become the mainstream in locating facial landmarks. To keep computation affordable and reduce memory usage, the whole procedure involves downsampling from the raw image to the output heatmap. However, how much impact will the quantization error introduced by downsampling bring? The problem is hardly systematically investigated among previous works. This work fills the blank and we are the first to quantitatively analyze the negative gain. The statistical results show the NME generated by quantization error is even larger than 1/3 of the SOTA item, which is a serious obstacle for making a new breakthrough in face alignment. To compensate the impact of quantization effect, we propose a novel method, called Heatmap In Heatmap(HIH), which leverages two categories of heatmaps as label representation to encode coordinate. And in HIH, the range of one heatmap represents a pixel of the other category of heatmap. Also, we even combine the face alignment with solutions of other fields to make a comparison. Extensive experiments on various benchmarks show the feasibility of HIH and the superior performance than other solutions. Moreover, the mean error reaches to 4.18 on WFLW, which exceeds SOTA a lot. Our source code are made publicly available at supplementary material.      
### 22.LIFE: Lighting Invariant Flow Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03097.pdf)
>  We tackle the problem of estimating flow between two images with large lighting variations. Recent learning-based flow estimation frameworks have shown remarkable performance on image pairs with small displacement and constant illuminations, but cannot work well on cases with large viewpoint change and lighting variations because of the lack of pixel-wise flow annotations for such cases. We observe that via the Structure-from-Motion (SfM) techniques, one can easily estimate relative camera poses between image pairs with large viewpoint change and lighting variations. We propose a novel weakly supervised framework LIFE to train a neural network for estimating accurate lighting-invariant flows between image pairs. Sparse correspondences are conventionally established via feature matching with descriptors encoding local image contents. However, local image contents are inevitably ambiguous and error-prone during the cross-image feature matching process, which hinders downstream tasks. We propose to guide feature matching with the flows predicted by LIFE, which addresses the ambiguous matching by utilizing abundant context information in the image pairs. We show that LIFE outperforms previous flow learning frameworks by large margins in challenging scenarios, consistently improves feature matching, and benefits downstream tasks.      
### 23.Analysis Towards Classification of Infection and Ischaemia of Diabetic Foot Ulcers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03068.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the Diabetic Foot Ulcers dataset (DFUC2021) for analysis of pathology, focusing on infection and ischaemia. We describe the data preparation of DFUC2021 for ground truth annotation, data curation and data analysis. The final release of DFUC2021 consists of 15,683 DFU patches, with 5,955 training, 5,734 for testing and 3,994 unlabeled DFU patches. The ground truth labels are four classes, i.e. control, infection, ischaemia and both conditions. We curate the dataset using image hashing techniques and analyse the separability using UMAP projection. We benchmark the performance of five key backbones of deep learning, i.e. VGG16, ResNet101, InceptionV3, DenseNet121 and EfficientNet on DFUC2021. We report the optimised results of these key backbones with different strategies. Based on our observations, we conclude that EfficientNetB0 with data augmentation and transfer learning provided the best results for multi-class (4-class) classification with macro-average Precision, Recall and F1-score of 0.57, 0.62 and 0.55, respectively. In ischaemia and infection recognition, when trained on one-versus-all, EfficientNetB0 achieved comparable results with the state of the art. Finally, we interpret the results with statistical analysis and Grad-CAM visualisation.      
### 24.DG-Font: Deformable Generative Networks for Unsupervised Font Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03064.pdf)
>  Font generation is a challenging problem especially for some writing systems that consist of a large number of characters and has attracted a lot of attention in recent years. However, existing methods for font generation are often in supervised learning. They require a large number of paired data, which is labor-intensive and expensive to collect. Besides, common image-to-image translation models often define style as the set of textures and colors, which cannot be directly applied to font generation. To address these problems, we propose novel deformable generative networks for unsupervised font generation (DGFont). We introduce a feature deformation skip connection (FDSC) which predicts pairs of displacement maps and employs the predicted maps to apply deformable convolution to the low-level feature maps from the content encoder. The outputs of FDSC are fed into a mixer to generate the final results. Taking advantage of FDSC, the mixer outputs a high-quality character with a complete structure. To further improve the quality of generated images, we use three deformable convolution layers in the content encoder to learn style-invariant feature representations. Experiments demonstrate that our model generates characters in higher quality than state-of-art methods. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ecnuycxie/DG-Font" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Everything's Talkin': Pareidolia Face Reenactment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03061.pdf)
>  We present a new application direction named Pareidolia Face Reenactment, which is defined as animating a static illusory face to move in tandem with a human face in the video. For the large differences between pareidolia face reenactment and traditional human face reenactment, two main challenges are introduced, i.e., shape variance and texture variance. In this work, we propose a novel Parametric Unsupervised Reenactment Algorithm to tackle these two challenges. Specifically, we propose to decompose the reenactment into three catenate processes: shape modeling, motion transfer and texture synthesis. With the decomposition, we introduce three crucial components, i.e., Parametric Shape Modeling, Expansionary Motion Transfer and Unsupervised Texture Synthesizer, to overcome the problems brought by the remarkably variances on pareidolia faces. Extensive experiments show the superior performance of our method both qualitatively and quantitatively. Code, model and data are available on our project page.      
### 26.Differentiable Patch Selection for Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03059.pdf)
>  Neural Networks require large amounts of memory and compute to process high resolution images, even when only a small part of the image is actually informative for the task at hand. We propose a method based on a differentiable Top-K operator to select the most relevant parts of the input to efficiently process high resolution images. Our method may be interfaced with any downstream neural network, is able to aggregate information from different patches in a flexible way, and allows the whole model to be trained end-to-end using backpropagation. We show results for traffic sign recognition, inter-patch relationship reasoning, and fine-grained recognition without using object/part bounding box annotations during training.      
### 27.Artificial and beneficial -- Exploiting artificial images for aerial vehicle detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03054.pdf)
>  Object detection in aerial images is an important task in environmental, economic, and infrastructure-related tasks. One of the most prominent applications is the detection of vehicles, for which deep learning approaches are increasingly used. A major challenge in such approaches is the limited amount of data that arises, for example, when more specialized and rarer vehicles such as agricultural machinery or construction vehicles are to be detected. This lack of data contrasts with the enormous data hunger of deep learning methods in general and object recognition in particular. In this article, we address this issue in the context of the detection of road vehicles in aerial images. To overcome the lack of annotated data, we propose a generative approach that generates top-down images by overlaying artificial vehicles created from 2D CAD drawings on artificial or real backgrounds. Our experiments with a modified RetinaNet object detection network show that adding these images to small real-world datasets significantly improves detection performance. In cases of very limited or even no real-world images, we observe an improvement in average precision of up to 0.70 points. We address the remaining performance gap to real-world datasets by analyzing the effect of the image composition of background and objects and give insights into the importance of background.      
### 28.Few-Shot Incremental Learning with Continually Evolved Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03047.pdf)
>  Few-shot class-incremental learning (FSCIL) aims to design machine learning algorithms that can continually learn new concepts from a few data points, without forgetting knowledge of old classes. The difficulty lies in that limited data from new classes not only lead to significant overfitting issues but also exacerbate the notorious catastrophic forgetting problems. Moreover, as training data come in sequence in FSCIL, the learned classifier can only provide discriminative information in individual sessions, while FSCIL requires all classes to be involved for evaluation. In this paper, we address the FSCIL problem from two aspects. First, we adopt a simple but effective decoupled learning strategy of representations and classifiers that only the classifiers are updated in each incremental session, which avoids knowledge forgetting in the representations. By doing so, we demonstrate that a pre-trained backbone plus a non-parametric class mean classifier can beat state-of-the-art methods. Second, to make the classifiers learned on individual sessions applicable to all classes, we propose a Continually Evolved Classifier (CEC) that employs a graph model to propagate context information between classifiers for adaptation. To enable the learning of CEC, we design a pseudo incremental learning paradigm that episodically constructs a pseudo incremental learning task to optimize the graph parameters by sampling data from the base dataset. Experiments on three popular benchmark datasets, including CIFAR100, miniImageNet, and Caltech-USCD Birds-200-2011 (CUB200), show that our method significantly outperforms the baselines and sets new state-of-the-art results with remarkable advantages.      
### 29.Multimodal Continuous Visual Attention Mechanisms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03046.pdf)
>  Visual attention mechanisms are a key component of neural network models for computer vision. By focusing on a discrete set of objects or image regions, these mechanisms identify the most relevant features and use them to build more powerful representations. Recently, continuous-domain alternatives to discrete attention models have been proposed, which exploit the continuity of images. These approaches model attention as simple unimodal densities (e.g. a Gaussian), making them less suitable to deal with images whose region of interest has a complex shape or is composed of multiple non-contiguous patches. In this paper, we introduce a new continuous attention mechanism that produces multimodal densities, in the form of mixtures of Gaussians. We use the EM algorithm to obtain a clustering of relevant regions in the image, and a description length penalty to select the number of components in the mixture. Our densities decompose as a linear combination of unimodal attention mechanisms, enabling closed-form Jacobians for the backpropagation step. Experiments on visual question answering in the VQA-v2 dataset show competitive accuracies and a selection of regions that mimics human attention more closely in VQA-HAT. We present several examples that suggest how multimodal attention maps are naturally more interpretable than their unimodal counterparts, showing the ability of our model to automatically segregate objects from ground in complex scenes.      
### 30.Graph-based Normalizing Flow for Human Motion Generation and Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03020.pdf)
>  Data-driven approaches for modeling human skeletal motion have found various applications in interactive media and social robotics. Challenges remain in these fields for generating high-fidelity samples and robustly reconstructing motion from imperfect input data, due to e.g. missed marker detection. In this paper, we propose a probabilistic generative model to synthesize and reconstruct long horizon motion sequences conditioned on past information and control signals, such as the path along which an individual is moving. Our method adapts the existing work MoGlow by introducing a new graph-based model. The model leverages the spatial-temporal graph convolutional network (ST-GCN) to effectively capture the spatial structure and temporal correlation of skeletal motion data at multiple scales. We evaluate the models on a mixture of motion capture datasets of human locomotion with foot-step and bone-length analysis. The results demonstrate the advantages of our model in reconstructing missing markers and achieving comparable results on generating realistic future poses. When the inputs are imperfect, our model shows improvements on robustness of generation.      
### 31.RTIC: Residual Learning for Text and Image Composition using Graph Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03015.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the compositional learning of images and texts for image retrieval. The query is given in the form of an image and text that describes the desired modifications to the image; the goal is to retrieve the target image that satisfies the given modifications and resembles the query by composing information in both the text and image modalities. To accomplish this task, we propose a simple new architecture using skip connections that can effectively encode the errors between the source and target images in the latent space. Furthermore, we introduce a novel method that combines the graph convolutional network (GCN) with existing composition methods. We find that the combination consistently improves the performance in a plug-and-play manner. We perform thorough and exhaustive experiments on several widely used datasets, and achieve state-of-the-art scores on the task with our model. To ensure fairness in comparison, we suggest a strict standard for the evaluation because a small difference in the training conditions can significantly affect the final performance. We release our implementation, including that of all the compared methods, for reproducibility.      
### 32.FedFace: Collaborative Learning of Face Recognition Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03008.pdf)
>  DNN-based face recognition models require large centrally aggregated face datasets for training. However, due to the growing data privacy concerns and legal restrictions, accessing and sharing face datasets has become exceedingly difficult. We propose FedFace, a federated learning (FL) framework for collaborative learning of face recognition models in a privacy preserving manner. FedFace utilizes the face images available on multiple clients to learn an accurate and generalizable face recognition model where the face images stored at each client are neither shared with other clients nor the central host. We tackle the a challenging and yet realistic scenario where each client is a mobile device containing face images pertaining to only the owner of the device (one identity per client). Conventional FL algorithms such as FedAvg are not suitable for this setting because they lead to a trivial solution where all the face features collapse into a single point in the embedding space. Our experiments show that FedFace can utilize face images available on 1,000 mobile devices to enhance the performance of a pre-trained face recognition model, CosFace, from a TAR of 81.43% to 83.79% on IJB-A (@ 0.1% FAR). For LFW, the recognition accuracy under the LFW protocol is increased from 99.15% to 99.28%. FedFace is able to do this while ensuring that the face images are never shared between devices or between the device and the server. Our code and pre-trained models will be publicly available.      
### 33.[RE] CNN-generated images are surprisingly easy to spot...for now  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02984.pdf)
>  This work evaluates the reproducibility of the paper "CNN-generated images are surprisingly easy to spot... for now" by Wang et al. published at CVPR 2020. The paper addresses the challenge of detecting CNN-generated imagery, which has reached the potential to even fool humans. The authors propose two methods which help an image classifier to generalize from being trained on one specific CNN to detecting imagery produced by unseen architectures, training methods, or data sets. The paper proposes two methods to help a classifier generalize: (i) utilizing different kinds of data augmentations and (ii) using a diverse data set. This report focuses on assessing if these techniques indeed help the generalization process. Furthermore, we perform additional experiments to study the limitations of the proposed techniques.      
### 34.Synthetic training data generation for deep learning based quality inspection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02980.pdf)
>  Deep learning is now the gold standard in computer vision-based quality inspection systems. In order to detect defects, supervised learning is often utilized, but necessitates a large amount of annotated images, which can be costly: collecting, cleaning, and annotating the data is tedious and limits the speed at which a system can be deployed as everything the system must detect needs to be observed first. This can impede the inspection of rare defects, since very few samples can be collected by the manufacturer. In this work, we focus on simulations to solve this issue. We first present a generic simulation pipeline to render images of defective or healthy (non defective) parts. As metallic parts can be highly textured with small defects like holes, we design a texture scanning and generation method. We assess the quality of the generated images by training deep learning networks and by testing them on real data from a manufacturer. We demonstrate that we can achieve encouraging results on real defect detection using purely simulated data. Additionally, we are able to improve global performances by concatenating simulated and real data, showing that simulations can complement real images to boost performances. Lastly, using domain adaptation techniques helps improving slightly our final results.      
### 35.Active learning using weakly supervised signals for quality inspection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02973.pdf)
>  Because manufacturing processes evolve fast, and since production visual aspect can vary significantly on a daily basis, the ability to rapidly update machine vision based inspection systems is paramount. Unfortunately, supervised learning of convolutional neural networks requires a significant amount of annotated images for being able to learn effectively from new data. Acknowledging the abundance of continuously generated images coming from the production line and the cost of their annotation, we demonstrate it is possible to prioritize and accelerate the annotation process. In this work, we develop a methodology for learning actively, from rapidly mined, weakly (i.e. partially) annotated data, enabling a fast, direct feedback from the operators on the production line and tackling a big machine vision weakness: false positives. We also consider the problem of covariate shift, which arises inevitably due to changing conditions during data acquisition. In that regard, we show domain-adversarial training to be an efficient way to address this issue.      
### 36.Self-supervised Learning of Depth Inference for Multi-view Stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02972.pdf)
>  Recent supervised multi-view depth estimation networks have achieved promising results. Similar to all supervised approaches, these networks require ground-truth data during training. However, collecting a large amount of multi-view depth data is very challenging. Here, we propose a self-supervised learning framework for multi-view stereo that exploit pseudo labels from the input data. We start by learning to estimate depth maps as initial pseudo labels under an unsupervised learning framework relying on image reconstruction loss as supervision. We then refine the initial pseudo labels using a carefully designed pipeline leveraging depth information inferred from higher resolution images and neighboring views. We use these high-quality pseudo labels as the supervision signal to train the network and improve, iteratively, its performance by self-training. Extensive experiments on the DTU dataset show that our proposed self-supervised learning framework outperforms existing unsupervised multi-view stereo networks by a large margin and performs on par compared to the supervised counterpart. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/JiayuYANG/Self-supervised-CVP-MVSNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.MPN: Multimodal Parallel Network for Audio-Visual Event Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02971.pdf)
>  Audio-visual event localization aims to localize an event that is both audible and visible in the wild, which is a widespread audio-visual scene analysis task for unconstrained videos. To address this task, we propose a Multimodal Parallel Network (MPN), which can perceive global semantics and unmixed local information parallelly. Specifically, our MPN framework consists of a classification subnetwork to predict event categories and a localization subnetwork to predict event boundaries. The classification subnetwork is constructed by the Multimodal Co-attention Module (MCM) and obtains global contexts. The localization subnetwork consists of Multimodal Bottleneck Attention Module (MBAM), which is designed to extract fine-grained segment-level contents. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our framework achieves the state-of-the-art performance both in fully supervised and weakly supervised settings on the Audio-Visual Event (AVE) dataset.      
### 38.ACM-Net: Action Context Modeling Network for Weakly-Supervised Temporal Action Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02967.pdf)
>  Weakly-supervised temporal action localization aims to localize action instances temporal boundary and identify the corresponding action category with only video-level labels. Traditional methods mainly focus on foreground and background frames separation with only a single attention branch and class activation sequence. However, we argue that apart from the distinctive foreground and background frames there are plenty of semantically ambiguous action context frames. It does not make sense to group those context frames to the same background class since they are semantically related to a specific action category. Consequently, it is challenging to suppress action context frames with only a single class activation sequence. To address this issue, in this paper, we propose an action-context modeling network termed ACM-Net, which integrates a three-branch attention module to measure the likelihood of each temporal point being action instance, context, or non-action background, simultaneously. Then based on the obtained three-branch attention values, we construct three-branch class activation sequences to represent the action instances, contexts, and non-action backgrounds, individually. To evaluate the effectiveness of our ACM-Net, we conduct extensive experiments on two benchmark datasets, THUMOS-14 and ActivityNet-1.3. The experiments show that our method can outperform current state-of-the-art methods, and even achieve comparable performance with fully-supervised methods. Code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ispc-lab/ACM-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 39.The art of defense: letting networks fool the attacker  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02963.pdf)
>  Some deep neural networks are invariant to some input transformations, such as Pointnetis permutation invariant to the input point cloud. In this paper, we demonstrated this property can be powerful in the defense of gradient based attacks. Specifically, we apply random input transformation which is invariant to networks we want to defend. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed scheme outperforms the SOTA defense methods, and breaking the attack accuracy into nearly zero.      
### 40.OpenGAN: Open-Set Recognition via Open Data Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02939.pdf)
>  Real-world machine learning systems need to analyze novel testing data that differs from the training data. In K-way classification, this is crisply formulated as open-set recognition, core to which is the ability to discriminate open-set data outside the K closed-set classes. Two conceptually elegant ideas for open-set discrimination are: 1) discriminatively learning an open-vs-closed binary discriminator by exploiting some outlier data as the open-set, and 2) unsupervised learning the closed-set data distribution with a GAN and using its discriminator as the open-set likelihood function. However, the former generalizes poorly to diverse open test data due to overfitting to the training outliers, which unlikely exhaustively span the open-world. The latter does not work well, presumably due to the instable training of GANs. Motivated by the above, we propose OpenGAN, which addresses the limitation of each approach by combining them with several technical insights. First, we show that a carefully selected GAN-discriminator on some real outlier data already achieves the state-of-the-art. Second, we augment the available set of real open training examples with adversarially synthesized "fake" data. Third and most importantly, we build the discriminator over the features computed by the closed-world K-way networks. Extensive experiments show that OpenGAN significantly outperforms prior open-set methods.      
### 41.Pretrained equivariant features improve unsupervised landmark discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02925.pdf)
>  Locating semantically meaningful landmark points is a crucial component of a large number of computer vision pipelines. Because of the small number of available datasets with ground truth landmark annotations, it is important to design robust unsupervised and semi-supervised methods for landmark detection. <br>Many of the recent unsupervised learning methods rely on the equivariance properties of landmarks to synthetic image deformations. Our work focuses on such widely used methods and sheds light on its core problem, its inability to produce equivariant intermediate convolutional features. This finding leads us to formulate a two-step unsupervised approach that overcomes this challenge by first learning powerful pixel-based features and then use the pre-trained features to learn a landmark detector by the traditional equivariance method. Our method produces state-of-the-art results in several challenging landmark detection datasets such as the BBC Pose dataset and the Cat-Head dataset. It performs comparably on a range of other benchmarks.      
### 42.Multimodal Object Detection via Bayesian Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02904.pdf)
>  Object detection with multimodal inputs can improve many safety-critical perception systems such as autonomous vehicles (AVs). Motivated by AVs that operate in both day and night, we study multimodal object detection with RGB and thermal cameras, since the latter can provide much stronger object signatures under poor illumination. We explore strategies for fusing information from different modalities. Our key contribution is a non-learned late-fusion method that fuses together bounding box detections from different modalities via a simple probabilistic model derived from first principles. Our simple approach, which we call Bayesian Fusion, is readily derived from conditional independence assumptions across different modalities. We apply our approach to benchmarks containing both aligned (KAIST) and unaligned (FLIR) multimodal sensor data. Our Bayesian Fusion outperforms prior work by more than 13% in relative performance.      
### 43.Facial Attribute Transformers for Precise and Robust Makeup Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02894.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of makeup transfer, which aims at transplanting the makeup from the reference face to the source face while preserving the identity of the source. Existing makeup transfer methods have made notable progress in generating realistic makeup faces, but do not perform well in terms of color fidelity and spatial transformation. To tackle these issues, we propose a novel Facial Attribute Transformer (FAT) and its variant Spatial FAT for high-quality makeup transfer. Drawing inspirations from the Transformer in NLP, FAT is able to model the semantic correspondences and interactions between the source face and reference face, and then precisely estimate and transfer the facial attributes. To further facilitate shape deformation and transformation of facial parts, we also integrate thin plate splines (TPS) into FAT, thus creating Spatial FAT, which is the first method that can transfer geometric attributes in addition to color and texture. Extensive qualitative and quantitative experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of our proposed FATs in the following aspects: (1) ensuring high-fidelity color transfer; (2) allowing for geometric transformation of facial parts; (3) handling facial variations (such as poses and shadows) and (4) supporting high-resolution face generation.      
### 44.Document Layout Analysis via Dynamic Residual Feature Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02874.pdf)
>  The document layout analysis (DLA) aims to split the document image into different interest regions and understand the role of each region, which has wide application such as optical character recognition (OCR) systems and document retrieval. However, it is a challenge to build a DLA system because the training data is very limited and lacks an efficient model. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end united network named Dynamic Residual Fusion Network (DRFN) for the DLA task. Specifically, we design a dynamic residual feature fusion module which can fully utilize low-dimensional information and maintain high-dimensional category information. Besides, to deal with the model overfitting problem that is caused by lacking enough data, we propose the dynamic select mechanism for efficient fine-tuning in limited train data. We experiment with two challenging datasets and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed module.      
### 45.Affordance Transfer Learning for Human-Object Interaction Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02867.pdf)
>  Reasoning the human-object interactions (HOI) is essential for deeper scene understanding, while object affordances (or functionalities) are of great importance for human to discover unseen HOIs with novel objects. Inspired by this, we introduce an affordance transfer learning approach to jointly detect HOIs with novel objects and recognize affordances. Specifically, HOI representations can be decoupled into a combination of affordance and object representations, making it possible to compose novel interactions by combining affordance representations and novel object representations from additional images, i.e. transferring the affordance to novel objects. With the proposed affordance transfer learning, the model is also capable of inferring the affordances of novel objects from known affordance representations. The proposed method can thus be used to 1) improve the performance of HOI detection, especially for the HOIs with unseen objects; and 2) infer the affordances of novel objects. Experimental results on two datasets, HICO-DET and HOI-COCO (from V-COCO), demonstrate significant improvements over recent state-of-the-art methods for HOI detection and object affordance detection. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhihou7/HOI-CL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 46.Deep Transformers for Fast Small Intestine Grounding in Capsule Endoscope Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02866.pdf)
>  Capsule endoscopy is an evolutional technique for examining and diagnosing intractable gastrointestinal diseases. Because of the huge amount of data, analyzing capsule endoscope videos is very time-consuming and labor-intensive for gastrointestinal medicalists. The development of intelligent long video analysis algorithms for regional positioning and analysis of capsule endoscopic video is therefore essential to reduce the workload of clinicians and assist in improving the accuracy of disease diagnosis. In this paper, we propose a deep model to ground shooting range of small intestine from a capsule endoscope video which has duration of tens of hours. This is the first attempt to attack the small intestine grounding task using deep neural network method. We model the task as a 3-way classification problem, in which every video frame is categorized into esophagus/stomach, small intestine or colorectum. To explore long-range temporal dependency, a transformer module is built to fuse features of multiple neighboring frames. Based on the classification model, we devise an efficient search algorithm to efficiently locate the starting and ending shooting boundaries of the small intestine. Without searching the small intestine exhaustively in the full video, our method is implemented via iteratively separating the video segment along the direction to the target boundary in the middle. We collect 113 videos from a local hospital to validate our method. In the 5-fold cross validation, the average IoU between the small intestine segments located by our method and the ground-truths annotated by broad-certificated gastroenterologists reaches 0.945.      
### 47.Self-Supervised Learning for Gastritis Detection with Gastric X-Ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02864.pdf)
>  We propose a novel self-supervised learning method for medical image analysis. Great progress has been made in medical image analysis because of the development of supervised learning based on deep convolutional neural networks. However, annotating complex medical images usually requires expert knowledge, making it difficult for a wide range of real-world applications ($e.g.$, computer-aided diagnosis systems). Our self-supervised learning method introduces a cross-view loss and a cross-model loss to solve the insufficient available annotations in medical image analysis. Experimental results show that our method can achieve high detection performance for gastritis detection with only a small number of annotations.      
### 48.Farewell to Mutual Information: Variational Distillation for Cross-Modal Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02862.pdf)
>  The Information Bottleneck (IB) provides an information theoretic principle for representation learning, by retaining all information relevant for predicting label while minimizing the redundancy. Though IB principle has been applied to a wide range of applications, its optimization remains a challenging problem which heavily relies on the accurate estimation of mutual information. In this paper, we present a new strategy, Variational Self-Distillation (VSD), which provides a scalable, flexible and analytic solution to essentially fitting the mutual information but without explicitly estimating it. Under rigorously theoretical guarantee, VSD enables the IB to grasp the intrinsic correlation between representation and label for supervised training. Furthermore, by extending VSD to multi-view learning, we introduce two other strategies, Variational Cross-Distillation (VCD) and Variational Mutual-Learning (VML), which significantly improve the robustness of representation to view-changes by eliminating view-specific and task-irrelevant information. To verify our theoretically grounded strategies, we apply our approaches to cross-modal person Re-ID, and conduct extensive experiments, where the superior performance against state-of-the-art methods are demonstrated. Our intriguing findings highlight the need to rethink the way to estimate mutual      
### 49.LI-Net: Large-Pose Identity-Preserving Face Reenactment Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02850.pdf)
>  Face reenactment is a challenging task, as it is difficult to maintain accurate expression, pose and identity simultaneously. Most existing methods directly apply driving facial landmarks to reenact source faces and ignore the intrinsic gap between two identities, resulting in the identity mismatch issue. Besides, they neglect the entanglement of expression and pose features when encoding driving faces, leading to inaccurate expressions and visual artifacts on large-pose reenacted faces. To address these problems, we propose a Large-pose Identity-preserving face reenactment network, LI-Net. Specifically, the Landmark Transformer is adopted to adjust driving landmark images, which aims to narrow the identity gap between driving and source landmark images. Then the Face Rotation Module and the Expression Enhancing Generator decouple the transformed landmark image into pose and expression features, and reenact those attributes separately to generate identity-preserving faces with accurate expressions and poses. Both qualitative and quantitative experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method.      
### 50.Deep Implicit Statistical Shape Models for 3D Medical Image Delineation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02847.pdf)
>  3D delineation of anatomical structures is a cardinal goal in medical imaging analysis. Prior to deep learning, statistical shape models that imposed anatomical constraints and produced high quality surfaces were a core technology. Prior to deep learning, statistical shape models that imposed anatomical constraints and produced high quality surfaces were a core technology. Today fully-convolutional networks (FCNs), while dominant, do not offer these capabilities. We present deep implicit statistical shape models (DISSMs), a new approach to delineation that marries the representation power of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with the robustness of SSMs. DISSMs use a deep implicit surface representation to produce a compact and descriptive shape latent space that permits statistical models of anatomical variance. To reliably fit anatomically plausible shapes to an image, we introduce a novel rigid and non-rigid pose estimation pipeline that is modelled as a Markov decision process(MDP). We outline a training regime that includes inverted episodic training and a deep realization of marginal space learning (MSL). Intra-dataset experiments on the task of pathological liver segmentation demonstrate that DISSMs can perform more robustly than three leading FCN models, including nnU-Net: reducing the mean Hausdorff distance (HD) by 7.7-14.3mm and improving the worst case Dice-Sorensen coefficient (DSC) by 1.2-2.3%. More critically, cross-dataset experiments on a dataset directly reflecting clinical deployment scenarios demonstrate that DISSMs improve the mean DSC and HD by 3.5-5.9% and 12.3-24.5mm, respectively, and the worst-case DSC by 5.4-7.3%. These improvements are over and above any benefits from representing delineations with high-quality surface.      
### 51.MultiScene: A Large-scale Dataset and Benchmark for Multi-scene Recognition in Single Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02846.pdf)
>  Aerial scene recognition is a fundamental research problem in interpreting high-resolution aerial imagery. Over the past few years, most studies focus on classifying an image into one scene category, while in real-world scenarios, it is more often that a single image contains multiple scenes. Therefore, in this paper, we investigate a more practical yet underexplored task -- multi-scene recognition in single images. To this end, we create a large-scale dataset, called MultiScene, composed of 100,000 unconstrained high-resolution aerial images. Considering that manually labeling such images is extremely arduous, we resort to low-cost annotations from crowdsourcing platforms, e.g., OpenStreetMap (OSM). However, OSM data might suffer from incompleteness and incorrectness, which introduce noise into image labels. To address this issue, we visually inspect 14,000 images and correct their scene labels, yielding a subset of cleanly-annotated images, named MultiScene-Clean. With it, we can develop and evaluate deep networks for multi-scene recognition using clean data. Moreover, we provide crowdsourced annotations of all images for the purpose of studying network learning with noisy labels. We conduct experiments with extensive baseline models on both MultiScene-Clean and MultiScene to offer benchmarks for multi-scene recognition in single images and learning from noisy labels for this task, respectively. To facilitate progress, we will make our dataset and pre-trained models available.      
### 52.Learning Triadic Belief Dynamics in Nonverbal Communication from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02841.pdf)
>  Humans possess a unique social cognition capability; nonverbal communication can convey rich social information among agents. In contrast, such crucial social characteristics are mostly missing in the existing scene understanding literature. In this paper, we incorporate different nonverbal communication cues (e.g., gaze, human poses, and gestures) to represent, model, learn, and infer agents' mental states from pure visual inputs. Crucially, such a mental representation takes the agent's belief into account so that it represents what the true world state is and infers the beliefs in each agent's mental state, which may differ from the true world states. By aggregating different beliefs and true world states, our model essentially forms "five minds" during the interactions between two agents. This "five minds" model differs from prior works that infer beliefs in an infinite recursion; instead, agents' beliefs are converged into a "common mind". Based on this representation, we further devise a hierarchical energy-based model that jointly tracks and predicts all five minds. From this new perspective, a social event is interpreted by a series of nonverbal communication and belief dynamics, which transcends the classic keyframe video summary. In the experiments, we demonstrate that using such a social account provides a better video summary on videos with rich social interactions compared with state-of-the-art keyframe video summary methods.      
### 53.ARC: A Vision-based Automatic Retail Checkout System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02832.pdf)
>  Retail checkout systems employed at supermarkets primarily rely on barcode scanners, with some utilizing QR codes, to identify the items being purchased. These methods are time-consuming in practice, require a certain level of human supervision, and involve waiting in long queues. In this regard, we propose a system, that we call ARC, which aims at making the process of check-out at retail store counters faster, autonomous, and more convenient, while reducing dependency on a human operator. The approach makes use of a computer vision-based system, with a Convolutional Neural Network at its core, which scans objects placed beneath a webcam for identification. To evaluate the proposed system, we curated an image dataset of one-hundred local retail items of various categories. Within the given assumptions and considerations, the system achieves a reasonable test-time accuracy, pointing towards an ambitious future for the proposed setup. The project code and the dataset are made publicly available.      
### 54.IndoFashion : Apparel Classification for Indian Ethnic Clothes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02830.pdf)
>  Cloth categorization is an important research problem that is used by e-commerce websites for displaying correct products to the end-users. Indian clothes have a large number of clothing categories both for men and women. The traditional Indian clothes like "Saree" and "Dhoti" are worn very differently from western clothes like t-shirts and jeans. Moreover, the style and patterns of ethnic clothes have a very different distribution from western outfits. Thus the models trained on standard cloth datasets fail miserably on ethnic outfits. To address these challenges, we introduce the first large-scale ethnic dataset of over 106k images with 15 different categories for fine-grained classification of Indian ethnic clothes. We gathered a diverse dataset from a large number of Indian e-commerce websites. We then evaluate several baselines for the cloth classification task on our dataset. In the end, we obtain 88.43% classification accuracy. We hope that our dataset would foster research in the development of several algorithms such as cloth classification, landmark detection, especially for ethnic clothes.      
### 55.Towards measuring fairness in AI: the Casual Conversations dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02821.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel dataset to help researchers evaluate their computer vision and audio models for accuracy across a diverse set of age, genders, apparent skin tones and ambient lighting conditions. Our dataset is composed of 3,011 subjects and contains over 45,000 videos, with an average of 15 videos per person. The videos were recorded in multiple U.S. states with a diverse set of adults in various age, gender and apparent skin tone groups. A key feature is that each subject agreed to participate for their likenesses to be used. Additionally, our age and gender annotations are provided by the subjects themselves. A group of trained annotators labeled the subjects' apparent skin tone using the Fitzpatrick skin type scale. Moreover, annotations for videos recorded in low ambient lighting are also provided. As an application to measure robustness of predictions across certain attributes, we provide a comprehensive study on the top five winners of the DeepFake Detection Challenge (DFDC). Experimental evaluation shows that the winning models are less performant on some specific groups of people, such as subjects with darker skin tones and thus may not generalize to all people. In addition, we also evaluate the state-of-the-art apparent age and gender classification methods. Our experiments provides a through analysis on these models in terms of fair treatment of people from various backgrounds.      
### 56.On the Applicability of Synthetic Data for Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02815.pdf)
>  Face verification has come into increasing focus in various applications including the European Entry/Exit System, which integrates face recognition mechanisms. At the same time, the rapid advancement of biometric authentication requires extensive performance tests in order to inhibit the discriminatory treatment of travellers due to their demographic background. However, the use of face images collected as part of border controls is restricted by the European General Data Protection Law to be processed for no other reason than its original purpose. Therefore, this paper investigates the suitability of synthetic face images generated with StyleGAN and StyleGAN2 to compensate for the urgent lack of publicly available large-scale test data. Specifically, two deep learning-based (SER-FIQ, FaceQnet v1) and one standard-based (ISO/IEC TR 29794-5) face image quality assessment algorithm is utilized to compare the applicability of synthetic face images compared to real face images extracted from the FRGC dataset. Finally, based on the analysis of impostor score distributions and utility score distributions, our experiments reveal negligible differences between StyleGAN vs. StyleGAN2, and further also minor discrepancies compared to real face images.      
### 57.C2CL: Contact to Contactless Fingerprint Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02811.pdf)
>  Matching contactless fingerprints or finger photos to contact-based fingerprint impressions has received increased attention in the wake of COVID-19 due to the superior hygiene of the contactless acquisition and the widespread availability of low cost mobile phones capable of capturing photos of fingerprints with sufficient resolution for verification purposes. This paper presents an end-to-end automated system, called C2CL, comprised of a mobile finger photo capture app, preprocessing, and matching algorithms to handle the challenges inhibiting previous cross-matching methods; namely i) low ridge-valley contrast of contactless fingerprints, ii) varying roll, pitch, yaw, and distance of the finger to the camera, iii) non-linear distortion of contact-based fingerprints, and vi) different image qualities of smartphone cameras. Our preprocessing algorithm segments, enhances, scales, and unwarps contactless fingerprints, while our matching algorithm extracts both minutiae and texture representations. A sequestered dataset of 9,888 contactless 2D fingerprints and corresponding contact-based fingerprints from 206 subjects (2 thumbs and 2 index fingers for each subject) acquired using our mobile capture app is used to evaluate the cross-database performance of our proposed algorithm. Furthermore, additional experimental results on 3 publicly available datasets demonstrate, for the first time, contact to contactless fingerprint matching accuracy that is comparable to existing contact to contact fingerprint matching systems (TAR in the range of 96.67% to 98.15% at FAR=0.01%).      
### 58.A fully automated end-to-end process for fluorescence microscopy images of yeast cells: From segmentation to detection and classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02793.pdf)
>  In recent years, an enormous amount of fluorescence microscopy images were collected in high-throughput lab settings. Analyzing and extracting relevant information from all images in a short time is almost impossible. Detecting tiny individual cell compartments is one of many challenges faced by biologists. This paper aims at solving this problem by building an end-to-end process that employs methods from the deep learning field to automatically segment, detect and classify cell compartments of fluorescence microscopy images of yeast cells. With this intention we used Mask R-CNN to automatically segment and label a large amount of yeast cell data, and YOLOv4 to automatically detect and classify individual yeast cell compartments from these images. This fully automated end-to-end process is intended to be integrated into an interactive e-Science server in the PerICo1 project, which can be used by biologists with minimized human effort in training and operation to complete their various classification tasks. In addition, we evaluated the detection and classification performance of state-of-the-art YOLOv4 on data from the NOP1pr-GFP-SWAT yeast-cell data library. Experimental results show that by dividing original images into 4 quadrants YOLOv4 outputs good detection and classification results with an F1-score of 98% in terms of accuracy and speed, which is optimally suited for the native resolution of the microscope and current GPU memory sizes. Although the application domain is optical microscopy in yeast cells, the method is also applicable to multiple-cell images in medical applications      
### 59.Localization of Autonomous Vehicles: Proof of Concept for A Computer Vision Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02785.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a visual-based localization method for autonomous vehicles (AVs) that operate in the absence of any complicated hardware system but a single camera. Visual localization refers to techniques that aim to find the location of an object based on visual information of its surrounding area. The problem of localization has been of interest for many years. However, visual localization is a relatively new subject in the literature of transportation. Moreover, the inevitable application of this type of localization in the context of autonomous vehicles demands special attention from the transportation community to this problem. This study proposes a two-step localization method that requires a database of geotagged images and a camera mounted on a vehicle that can take pictures while the car is moving. The first step which is image retrieval uses SIFT local feature descriptor to find an initial location for the vehicle using image matching. The next step is to utilize the Kalman filter to estimate a more accurate location for the vehicle as it is moving. All stages of the introduced method are implemented as a complete system using different Python libraries. The proposed system is tested on the KITTI dataset and has shown an average accuracy of 2 meters in finding the final location of the vehicle.      
### 60.Looking into Your Speech: Learning Cross-modal Affinity for Audio-visual Speech Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02775.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of separating individual speech signals from videos using audio-visual neural processing. Most conventional approaches utilize frame-wise matching criteria to extract shared information between co-occurring audio and video. Thus, their performance heavily depends on the accuracy of audio-visual synchronization and the effectiveness of their representations. To overcome the frame discontinuity problem between two modalities due to transmission delay mismatch or jitter, we propose a cross-modal affinity network (CaffNet) that learns global correspondence as well as locally-varying affinities between audio and visual streams. Given that the global term provides stability over a temporal sequence at the utterance-level, this resolves the label permutation problem characterized by inconsistent assignments. By extending the proposed cross-modal affinity on the complex network, we further improve the separation performance in the complex spectral domain. Experimental results verify that the proposed methods outperform conventional ones on various datasets, demonstrating their advantages in real-world scenarios.      
### 61.A New Dimension in Testimony: Relighting Video with Reflectance Field Exemplars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02773.pdf)
>  We present a learning-based method for estimating 4D reflectance field of a person given video footage illuminated under a flat-lit environment of the same subject. For training data, we use one light at a time to illuminate the subject and capture the reflectance field data in a variety of poses and viewpoints. We estimate the lighting environment of the input video footage and use the subject's reflectance field to create synthetic images of the subject illuminated by the input lighting environment. We then train a deep convolutional neural network to regress the reflectance field from the synthetic images. We also use a differentiable renderer to provide feedback for the network by matching the relit images with the input video frames. This semi-supervised training scheme allows the neural network to handle unseen poses in the dataset as well as compensate for the lighting estimation error. We evaluate our method on the video footage of the real Holocaust survivors and show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in both realism and speed.      
### 62.Lidar-Monocular Surface Reconstruction Using Line Segments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02761.pdf)
>  Structure from Motion (SfM) often fails to estimate accurate poses in environments that lack suitable visual features. In such cases, the quality of the final 3D mesh, which is contingent on the accuracy of those estimates, is reduced. One way to overcome this problem is to combine data from a monocular camera with that of a LIDAR. This allows fine details and texture to be captured while still accurately representing featureless subjects. However, fusing these two sensor modalities is challenging due to their fundamentally different characteristics. Rather than directly fusing image features and LIDAR points, we propose to leverage common geometric features that are detected in both the LIDAR scans and image data, allowing data from the two sensors to be processed in a higher-level space. In particular, we propose to find correspondences between 3D lines extracted from LIDAR scans and 2D lines detected in images before performing a bundle adjustment to refine poses. We also exploit the detected and optimized line segments to improve the quality of the final mesh. We test our approach on the recently published dataset, Newer College Dataset. We compare the accuracy and the completeness of the 3D mesh to a ground truth obtained with a survey-grade 3D scanner. We show that our method delivers results that are comparable to a state-of-the-art LIDAR survey while not requiring highly accurate ground truth pose estimates.      
### 63.Heuristics2Annotate: Efficient Annotation of Large-Scale Marathon Dataset For Bounding Box Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02749.pdf)
>  Annotating a large-scale in-the-wild person re-identification dataset especially of marathon runners is a challenging task. The variations in the scenarios such as camera viewpoints, resolution, occlusion, and illumination make the problem non-trivial. Manually annotating bounding boxes in such large-scale datasets is cost-inefficient. Additionally, due to crowdedness and occlusion in the videos, aligning the identity of runners across multiple disjoint cameras is a challenge. We collected a novel large-scale in-the-wild video dataset of marathon runners. The dataset consists of hours of recording of thousands of runners captured using 42 hand-held smartphone cameras and covering real-world scenarios. Due to the presence of crowdedness and occlusion in the videos, the annotation of runners becomes a challenging task. We propose a new scheme for tackling the challenges in the annotation of such large dataset. Our technique reduces the overall cost of annotation in terms of time as well as budget. We demonstrate performing fps analysis to reduce the effort and time of annotation. We investigate several annotation methods for efficiently generating tight bounding boxes. Our results prove that interpolating bounding boxes between keyframes is the most efficient method of bounding box generation amongst several other methods and is 3x times faster than the naive baseline method. We introduce a novel way of aligning the identity of runners in disjoint cameras. Our inter-camera alignment tool integrated with the state-of-the-art person re-id system proves to be sufficient and effective in the alignment of the runners across multiple cameras with non-overlapping views. Our proposed framework of annotation reduces the annotation cost of the dataset by a factor of 16x, also effectively aligning 93.64% of the runners in the cross-camera setting.      
### 64.InverseForm: A Loss Function for Structured Boundary-Aware Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02745.pdf)
>  We present a novel boundary-aware loss term for semantic segmentation using an inverse-transformation network, which efficiently learns the degree of parametric transformations between estimated and target boundaries. This plug-in loss term complements the cross-entropy loss in capturing boundary transformations and allows consistent and significant performance improvement on segmentation backbone models without increasing their size and computational complexity. We analyze the quantitative and qualitative effects of our loss function on three indoor and outdoor segmentation benchmarks, including Cityscapes, NYU-Depth-v2, and PASCAL, integrating it into the training phase of several backbone networks in both single-task and multi-task settings. Our extensive experiments show that the proposed method consistently outperforms baselines, and even sets the new state-of-the-art on two datasets.      
### 65.Visual Vibration Tomography: Estimating Interior Material Properties from Monocular Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02735.pdf)
>  An object's interior material properties, while invisible to the human eye, determine motion observed on its surface. We propose an approach that estimates heterogeneous material properties of an object directly from a monocular video of its surface vibrations. Specifically, we estimate Young's modulus and density throughout a 3D object with known geometry. Knowledge of how these values change across the object is useful for characterizing defects and simulating how the object will interact with different environments. Traditional non-destructive testing approaches, which generally estimate homogenized material properties or the presence of defects, are expensive and use specialized instruments. We propose an approach that leverages monocular video to (1) measure and object's sub-pixel motion and decompose this motion into image-space modes, and (2) directly infer spatially-varying Young's modulus and density values from the observed image-space modes. On both simulated and real videos, we demonstrate that our approach is able to image material properties simply by analyzing surface motion. In particular, our method allows us to identify unseen defects on a 2D drum head from real, high-speed video.      
### 66.PlasticineLab: A Soft-Body Manipulation Benchmark with Differentiable Physics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03311.pdf)
>  Simulated virtual environments serve as one of the main driving forces behind developing and evaluating skill learning algorithms. However, existing environments typically only simulate rigid body physics. Additionally, the simulation process usually does not provide gradients that might be useful for planning and control optimizations. We introduce a new differentiable physics benchmark called PasticineLab, which includes a diverse collection of soft body manipulation tasks. In each task, the agent uses manipulators to deform the plasticine into the desired configuration. The underlying physics engine supports differentiable elastic and plastic deformation using the DiffTaichi system, posing many under-explored challenges to robotic agents. We evaluate several existing reinforcement learning (RL) methods and gradient-based methods on this benchmark. Experimental results suggest that 1) RL-based approaches struggle to solve most of the tasks efficiently; 2) gradient-based approaches, by optimizing open-loop control sequences with the built-in differentiable physics engine, can rapidly find a solution within tens of iterations, but still fall short on multi-stage tasks that require long-term planning. We expect that PlasticineLab will encourage the development of novel algorithms that combine differentiable physics and RL for more complex physics-based skill learning tasks.      
### 67.Regularizing Generative Adversarial Networks under Limited Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03310.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed the rapid progress of generative adversarial networks (GANs). However, the success of the GAN models hinges on a large amount of training data. This work proposes a regularization approach for training robust GAN models on limited data. We theoretically show a connection between the regularized loss and an f-divergence called LeCam-divergence, which we find is more robust under limited training data. Extensive experiments on several benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed regularization scheme 1) improves the generalization performance and stabilizes the learning dynamics of GAN models under limited training data, and 2) complements the recent data augmentation methods. These properties facilitate training GAN models to achieve state-of-the-art performance when only limited training data of the ImageNet benchmark is available.      
### 68.Dual-Consistency Semi-Supervised Learning with Uncertainty Quantification for COVID-19 Lesion Segmentation from CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03225.pdf)
>  The novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) characterized by atypical pneumonia has caused millions of deaths worldwide. Automatically segmenting lesions from chest Computed Tomography (CT) is a promising way to assist doctors in COVID-19 screening, treatment planning, and follow-up monitoring. However, voxel-wise annotations are extremely expert-demanding and scarce, especially when it comes to novel diseases, while an abundance of unlabeled data could be available. To tackle the challenge of limited annotations, in this paper, we propose an uncertainty-guided dual-consistency learning network (UDC-Net) for semi-supervised COVID-19 lesion segmentation from CT images. Specifically, we present a dual-consistency learning scheme that simultaneously imposes image transformation equivalence and feature perturbation invariance to effectively harness the knowledge from unlabeled data. We then quantify both the epistemic uncertainty and the aleatoric uncertainty and employ them together to guide the consistency regularization for more reliable unsupervised learning. Extensive experiments showed that our proposed UDC-Net improves the fully supervised method by 6.3% in Dice and outperforms other competitive semi-supervised approaches by significant margins, demonstrating high potential in real-world clinical practice.      
### 69.TB-Net: A Tailored, Self-Attention Deep Convolutional Neural Network Design for Detection of Tuberculosis Cases from Chest X-ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03165.pdf)
>  Tuberculosis (TB) remains a global health problem, and is the leading cause of death from an infectious disease. A crucial step in the treatment of tuberculosis is screening high risk populations and the early detection of the disease, with chest x-ray (CXR) imaging being the most widely-used imaging modality. As such, there has been significant recent interest in artificial intelligence-based TB screening solutions for use in resource-limited scenarios where there is a lack of trained healthcare workers with expertise in CXR interpretation. Motivated by this pressing need and the recent recommendation by the World Health Organization (WHO) for the use of computer-aided diagnosis of TB, we introduce TB-Net, a self-attention deep convolutional neural network tailored for TB case screening. More specifically, we leveraged machine-driven design exploration to build a highly customized deep neural network architecture with attention condensers. We conducted an explainability-driven performance validation process to validate TB-Net's decision-making behaviour. Experiments using a tuberculosis CXR benchmark dataset showed that the proposed TB-Net is able to achieve accuracy/sensitivity/specificity of 99.86%/100.0%/99.71%. Radiologist validation was conducted on select cases by two board-certified radiologists with over 10 and 19 years of experience, respectively, and showed consistency between radiologist interpretation and critical factors leveraged by TB-Net for TB case detection for the case where radiologists identified anomalies. While not a production-ready solution, we hope that the open-source release of TB-Net as part of the COVID-Net initiative will support researchers, clinicians, and citizen data scientists in advancing this field in the fight against this global public health crisis.      
### 70.Dense Dilated UNet: Deep Learning for 3D Photoacoustic Tomography Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03130.pdf)
>  In photoacoustic tomography (PAT), the acoustic pressure waves produced by optical excitation are measured by an array of detectors and used to reconstruct an image. Sparse spatial sampling and limited-view detection are two common challenges faced in PAT. Reconstructing from incomplete data using standard methods results in severe streaking artifacts and blurring. We propose a modified convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture termed Dense Dilation UNet (DD-UNet) for correcting artifacts in 3D PAT. The DD-Net leverages the benefits of dense connectivity and dilated convolutions to improve CNN performance. We compare the proposed CNN in terms of image quality as measured by the multiscale structural similarity index metric to the Fully Dense UNet (FD-UNet). Results demonstrate that the DD-Net consistently outperforms the FD-UNet and is able to more reliably reconstruct smaller image features.      
### 71.Universal and Flexible Optical Aberration Correction Using Deep-Prior Based Deconvolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03078.pdf)
>  High quality imaging usually requires bulky and expensive lenses to compensate geometric and chromatic aberrations. This poses high constraints on the optical hash or low cost applications. Although one can utilize algorithmic reconstruction to remove the artifacts of low-end lenses, the degeneration from optical aberrations is spatially varying and the computation has to trade off efficiency for performance. For example, we need to conduct patch-wise optimization or train a large set of local deep neural networks to achieve high reconstruction performance across the whole image. In this paper, we propose a PSF aware plug-and-play deep network, which takes the aberrant image and PSF map as input and produces the latent high quality version via incorporating lens-specific deep priors, thus leading to a universal and flexible optical aberration correction method. Specifically, we pre-train a base model from a set of diverse lenses and then adapt it to a given lens by quickly refining the parameters, which largely alleviates the time and memory consumption of model learning. The approach is of high efficiency in both training and testing stages. Extensive results verify the promising applications of our proposed approach for compact low-end cameras.      
### 72.Distributional Robustness Loss for Long-tail Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03066.pdf)
>  Real-world data is often unbalanced and long-tailed, but deep models struggle to recognize rare classes in the presence of frequent classes. To address unbalanced data, most studies try balancing the data, the loss, or the classifier to reduce classification bias towards head classes. Far less attention has been given to the latent representations learned with unbalanced data. We show that the feature extractor part of deep networks suffers greatly from this bias. We propose a new loss based on robustness theory, which encourages the model to learn high-quality representations for both head and tail classes. While the general form of the robustness loss may be hard to compute, we further derive an easy-to-compute upper bound that can be minimized efficiently. This procedure reduces representation bias towards head classes in the feature space and achieves new SOTA results on CIFAR100-LT, ImageNet-LT, and iNaturalist long-tail benchmarks. We find that training with robustness increases recognition accuracy of tail classes while largely maintaining the accuracy of head classes. The new robustness loss can be combined with various classifier balancing techniques and can be applied to representations at several layers of the deep model.      
### 73.CNN Based Segmentation of Infarcted Regions in Acute Cerebral Stroke Patients From Computed Tomography Perfusion Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03002.pdf)
>  More than 13 million people suffer from ischemic cerebral stroke worldwide each year. Thrombolytic treatment can reduce brain damage but has a narrow treatment window. Computed Tomography Perfusion imaging is a commonly used primary assessment tool for stroke patients, and typically the radiologists will evaluate resulting parametric maps to estimate the affected areas, dead tissue (core), and the surrounding tissue at risk (penumbra), to decide further treatments. Different work has been reported, suggesting thresholds, and semi-automated methods, and in later years deep neural networks, for segmenting infarction areas based on the parametric maps. However, there is no consensus in terms of which thresholds to use, or how to combine the information from the parametric maps, and the presented methods all have limitations in terms of both accuracy and reproducibility. <br>We propose a fully automated convolutional neural network based segmentation method that uses the full four-dimensional computed tomography perfusion dataset as input, rather than the pre-filtered parametric maps. The suggested network is tested on an available dataset as a proof-of-concept, with very encouraging results. Cross-validated results show averaged Dice score of 0.78 and 0.53, and an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.97 and 0.94 for penumbra and core respectively      
### 74.Universal Adversarial Training with Class-Wise Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03000.pdf)
>  Despite their overwhelming success on a wide range of applications, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are widely recognized to be vulnerable to adversarial examples. This intriguing phenomenon led to a competition between adversarial attacks and defense techniques. So far, adversarial training is the most widely used method for defending against adversarial attacks. It has also been extended to defend against universal adversarial perturbations (UAPs). The SOTA universal adversarial training (UAT) method optimizes a single perturbation for all training samples in the mini-batch. In this work, we find that a UAP does not attack all classes equally. Inspired by this observation, we identify it as the source of the model having unbalanced robustness. To this end, we improve the SOTA UAT by proposing to utilize class-wise UAPs during adversarial training. On multiple benchmark datasets, our class-wise UAT leads superior performance for both clean accuracy and adversarial robustness against universal attack.      
### 75.Sparse Oblique Decision Trees: A Tool to Understand and Manipulate Neural Net Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02922.pdf)
>  The widespread deployment of deep nets in practical applications has lead to a growing desire to understand how and why such black-box methods perform prediction. Much work has focused on understanding what part of the input pattern (an image, say) is responsible for a particular class being predicted, and how the input may be manipulated to predict a different class. We focus instead on understanding which of the internal features computed by the neural net are responsible for a particular class. We achieve this by mimicking part of the neural net with an oblique decision tree having sparse weight vectors at the decision nodes. Using the recently proposed Tree Alternating Optimization (TAO) algorithm, we are able to learn trees that are both highly accurate and interpretable. Such trees can faithfully mimic the part of the neural net they replaced, and hence they can provide insights into the deep net black box. Further, we show we can easily manipulate the neural net features in order to make the net predict, or not predict, a given class, thus showing that it is possible to carry out adversarial attacks at the level of the features. These insights and manipulations apply globally to the entire training and test set, not just at a local (single-instance) level. We demonstrate this robustly in the MNIST and ImageNet datasets with LeNet5 and VGG networks.      
### 76.Unsupervised Visual Attention and Invariance for Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02921.pdf)
>  The vision-based reinforcement learning (RL) has achieved tremendous success. However, generalizing vision-based RL policy to unknown test environments still remains as a challenging problem. Unlike previous works that focus on training a universal RL policy that is invariant to discrepancies between test and training environment, we focus on developing an independent module to disperse interference factors irrelevant to the task, thereby providing "clean" observations for the RL policy. <br>The proposed unsupervised visual attention and invariance method (VAI) contains three key components: 1) an unsupervised keypoint detection model which captures semantically meaningful keypoints in observations; 2) an unsupervised visual attention module which automatically generates the distraction-invariant attention mask for each observation; 3) a self-supervised adapter for visual distraction invariance which reconstructs distraction-invariant attention mask from observations with artificial disturbances generated by a series of foreground and background augmentations. All components are optimized in an unsupervised way, without manual annotation or access to environment internals, and only the adapter is used during inference time to provide distraction-free observations to RL policy. <br>VAI empirically shows powerful generalization capabilities and significantly outperforms current state-of-the-art (SOTA) method by 15% to 49% in DeepMind Control suite benchmark and 61% to 229% in our proposed robot manipulation benchmark, in term of cumulative rewards per episode.      
### 77.PyNET-CA: Enhanced PyNET with Channel Attention for End-to-End Mobile Image Signal Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02895.pdf)
>  Reconstructing RGB image from RAW data obtained with a mobile device is related to a number of image signal processing (ISP) tasks, such as demosaicing, denoising, etc. Deep neural networks have shown promising results over hand-crafted ISP algorithms on solving these tasks separately, or even replacing the whole reconstruction process with one model. Here, we propose PyNET-CA, an end-to-end mobile ISP deep learning algorithm for RAW to RGB reconstruction. The model enhances PyNET, a recently proposed state-of-the-art model for mobile ISP, and improve its performance with channel attention and subpixel reconstruction module. We demonstrate the performance of the proposed method with comparative experiments and results from the AIM 2020 learned smartphone ISP challenge. The source code of our implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/egyptdj/skyb-aim2020-public" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 78.Speckles-Training-Based Denoising Convolutional Neural Network Ghost Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02873.pdf)
>  Ghost imaging (GI) has been paid attention gradually because of its lens-less imaging capability, turbulence-free imaging and high detection sensitivity. However, low image quality and slow imaging speed restrict the application process of GI. In this paper, we propose a improved GI method based on Denoising Convolutional Neural Networks (DnCNN). Inspired by the corresponding between input (noisy image) and output (residual image) in DnCNN, we construct the mapping between speckles sequence and the corresponding noise distribution in GI through training. Then, the same speckles sequence is employed to illuminate unknown targets, and a de-noising target image will be obtained. The proposed method can be regarded as a general method for GI. Under two sampling rates, extensive experiments are carried out to compare with traditional GI method (basic correlation and compressed sensing) and DnCNN method on three data sets. Moreover, we set up a physical GI experiment system to verify the proposed method. The results show that the proposed method achieves promising performance.      
### 79.Information Bottleneck Attribution for Visual Explanations of Diagnosis and Prognosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02869.pdf)
>  Visual explanation methods have an important role in the prognosis of the patients where the annotated data is limited or not available. There have been several attempts to use gradient-based attribution methods to localize pathology from medical scans without using segmentation labels. This research direction has been impeded by the lack of robustness and reliability. These methods are highly sensitive to the network parameters. In this study, we introduce a robust visual explanation method to address this problem for medical applications. We provide a highly innovative algorithm to quantifying lesions in the lungs caused by the Covid-19 with high accuracy and robustness without using dense segmentation labels. Inspired by the information bottleneck concept, we mask the neural network representation with noise to find out important regions. This approach overcomes the drawbacks of commonly used Grad-Cam and its derived algorithms. The premise behind our proposed strategy is that the information flow is minimized while ensuring the classifier prediction stays similar. Our findings indicate that the bottleneck condition provides a more stable and robust severity estimation than the similar attribution methods.      
### 80.Soft-Label Anonymous Gastric X-ray Image Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02857.pdf)
>  This paper presents a soft-label anonymous gastric X-ray image distillation method based on a gradient descent approach. The sharing of medical data is demanded to construct high-accuracy computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) systems. However, the large size of the medical dataset and privacy protection are remaining problems in medical data sharing, which hindered the research of CAD systems. The idea of our distillation method is to extract the valid information of the medical dataset and generate a tiny distilled dataset that has a different data distribution. Different from model distillation, our method aims to find the optimal distilled images, distilled labels and the optimized learning rate. Experimental results show that the proposed method can not only effectively compress the medical dataset but also anonymize medical images to protect the patient's private information. The proposed approach can improve the efficiency and security of medical data sharing.      
### 81.Time-Multiplexed Coded Aperture Imaging: Learned Coded Aperture and Pixel Exposures for Compressive Imaging Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02820.pdf)
>  Compressive imaging using coded apertures (CA) is a powerful technique that can be used to recover depth, light fields, hyperspectral images and other quantities from a single snapshot. The performance of compressive imaging systems based on CAs mostly depends on two factors: the properties of the mask's attenuation pattern, that we refer to as "codification" and the computational techniques used to recover the quantity of interest from the coded snapshot. In this work, we introduce the idea of using time-varying CAs synchronized with spatially varying pixel shutters. We divide the exposure of a sensor into sub-exposures at the beginning of which the CA mask changes and at which the sensor's pixels are simultaneously and individually switched "on" or "off". This is a practically appealing codification as it does not introduce additional optical components other than the already present CA but uses a change in the pixel shutter that can be easily realized electronically. We show that our proposed time multiplexed coded aperture (TMCA) can be optimized end-to-end and induces better coded snapshots enabling superior reconstructions in two different applications: compressive light field imaging and hyperspectral imaging. We demonstrate both in simulation and on real captures (taken with prototypes we built) that this codification outperforms the state-of-the-art compressive imaging systems by more than 4dB in those applications.      
### 82.First arrival picking using U-net with Lovasz loss and nearest point picking method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02805.pdf)
>  We proposed a robust segmentation and picking workflow to solve the first arrival picking problem for seismic signal processing. Unlike traditional classification algorithm, image segmentation method can utilize the location information by outputting a prediction map which has the same size of the input image. A parameter-free nearest point picking algorithm is proposed to further improve the accuracy of the first arrival picking. The algorithm is test on synthetic clean data, synthetic noisy data, synthetic picking-disconnected data and field data. It performs well on all of them and the picking deviation reaches as low as 4.8ms per receiver. The first arrival picking problem is formulated as the contour detection problem. Similar to \cite{wu2019semi}, we use U-net to perform the segmentation as it is proven to be state-of-the-art in many image segmentation tasks. Particularly, a Lovasz loss instead of the traditional cross-entropy loss is used to train the network for a better segmentation performance. Lovasz loss is a surrogate loss for Jaccard index or the so-called intersection-over-union (IoU) score, which is often one of the most used metrics for segmentation tasks. In the picking part, we use a novel nearest point picking (NPP) method to take the advantage of the coherence of the first arrival picking among adjacent receivers. Our model is tested and validated on both synthetic and field data with harmonic noises. The main contributions of this paper are as follows: 1. Used Lovasz loss to directly optimize the IoU for segmentation task. Improvement over the cross-entropy loss with regard to the segmentation accuracy is verified by the test result. 2. Proposed a nearest point picking post processing method to overcome any defects left by the segmentation output. 3. Conducted noise analysis and verified the model with both noisy synthetic and field datasets.      
### 83.Robust Semantic Interpretability: Revisiting Concept Activation Vectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.02768.pdf)
>  Interpretability methods for image classification assess model trustworthiness by attempting to expose whether the model is systematically biased or attending to the same cues as a human would. Saliency methods for feature attribution dominate the interpretability literature, but these methods do not address semantic concepts such as the textures, colors, or genders of objects within an image. Our proposed Robust Concept Activation Vectors (RCAV) quantifies the effects of semantic concepts on individual model predictions and on model behavior as a whole. RCAV calculates a concept gradient and takes a gradient ascent step to assess model sensitivity to the given concept. By generalizing previous work on concept activation vectors to account for model non-linearity, and by introducing stricter hypothesis testing, we show that RCAV yields interpretations which are both more accurate at the image level and robust at the dataset level. RCAV, like saliency methods, supports the interpretation of individual predictions. To evaluate the practical use of interpretability methods as debugging tools, and the scientific use of interpretability methods for identifying inductive biases (e.g. texture over shape), we construct two datasets and accompanying metrics for realistic benchmarking of semantic interpretability methods. Our benchmarks expose the importance of counterfactual augmentation and negative controls for quantifying the practical usability of interpretability methods.      
