# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 2 Apr 2021
### 1.SimPoE: Simulated Character Control for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00683.pdf)
>  Accurate estimation of 3D human motion from monocular video requires modeling both kinematics (body motion without physical forces) and dynamics (motion with physical forces). To demonstrate this, we present SimPoE, a Simulation-based approach for 3D human Pose Estimation, which integrates image-based kinematic inference and physics-based dynamics modeling. SimPoE learns a policy that takes as input the current-frame pose estimate and the next image frame to control a physically-simulated character to output the next-frame pose estimate. The policy contains a learnable kinematic pose refinement unit that uses 2D keypoints to iteratively refine its kinematic pose estimate of the next frame. Based on this refined kinematic pose, the policy learns to compute dynamics-based control (e.g., joint torques) of the character to advance the current-frame pose estimate to the pose estimate of the next frame. This design couples the kinematic pose refinement unit with the dynamics-based control generation unit, which are learned jointly with reinforcement learning to achieve accurate and physically-plausible pose estimation. Furthermore, we propose a meta-control mechanism that dynamically adjusts the character's dynamics parameters based on the character state to attain more accurate pose estimates. Experiments on large-scale motion datasets demonstrate that our approach establishes the new state of the art in pose accuracy while ensuring physical plausibility.      
### 2.Multiview Pseudo-Labeling for Semi-supervised Learning from Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00682.pdf)
>  We present a multiview pseudo-labeling approach to video learning, a novel framework that uses complementary views in the form of appearance and motion information for semi-supervised learning in video. The complementary views help obtain more reliable pseudo-labels on unlabeled video, to learn stronger video representations than from purely supervised data. Though our method capitalizes on multiple views, it nonetheless trains a model that is shared across appearance and motion input and thus, by design, incurs no additional computation overhead at inference time. On multiple video recognition datasets, our method substantially outperforms its supervised counterpart, and compares favorably to previous work on standard benchmarks in self-supervised video representation learning.      
### 3.NeuralRecon: Real-Time Coherent 3D Reconstruction from Monocular Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00681.pdf)
>  We present a novel framework named NeuralRecon for real-time 3D scene reconstruction from a monocular video. Unlike previous methods that estimate single-view depth maps separately on each key-frame and fuse them later, we propose to directly reconstruct local surfaces represented as sparse TSDF volumes for each video fragment sequentially by a neural network. A learning-based TSDF fusion module based on gated recurrent units is used to guide the network to fuse features from previous fragments. This design allows the network to capture local smoothness prior and global shape prior of 3D surfaces when sequentially reconstructing the surfaces, resulting in accurate, coherent, and real-time surface reconstruction. The experiments on ScanNet and 7-Scenes datasets show that our system outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of both accuracy and speed. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first learning-based system that is able to reconstruct dense coherent 3D geometry in real-time.      
### 4.LoFTR: Detector-Free Local Feature Matching with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00680.pdf)
>  We present a novel method for local image feature matching. Instead of performing image feature detection, description, and matching sequentially, we propose to first establish pixel-wise dense matches at a coarse level and later refine the good matches at a fine level. In contrast to dense methods that use a cost volume to search correspondences, we use self and cross attention layers in Transformer to obtain feature descriptors that are conditioned on both images. The global receptive field provided by Transformer enables our method to produce dense matches in low-texture areas, where feature detectors usually struggle to produce repeatable interest points. The experiments on indoor and outdoor datasets show that LoFTR outperforms state-of-the-art methods by a large margin. LoFTR also ranks first on two public benchmarks of visual localization among the published methods.      
### 5.A Realistic Evaluation of Semi-Supervised Learning for Fine-Grained Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00679.pdf)
>  We evaluate the effectiveness of semi-supervised learning (SSL) on a realistic benchmark where data exhibits considerable class imbalance and contains images from novel classes. Our benchmark consists of two fine-grained classification datasets obtained by sampling classes from the Aves and Fungi taxonomy. We find that recently proposed SSL methods provide significant benefits, and can effectively use out-of-class data to improve performance when deep networks are trained from scratch. Yet their performance pales in comparison to a transfer learning baseline, an alternative approach for learning from a few examples. Furthermore, in the transfer setting, while existing SSL methods provide improvements, the presence of out-of-class is often detrimental. In this setting, standard fine-tuning followed by distillation-based self-training is the most robust. Our work suggests that semi-supervised learning with experts on realistic datasets may require different strategies than those currently prevalent in the literature.      
### 6.Group-Free 3D Object Detection via Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00678.pdf)
>  Recently, directly detecting 3D objects from 3D point clouds has received increasing attention. To extract object representation from an irregular point cloud, existing methods usually take a point grouping step to assign the points to an object candidate so that a PointNet-like network could be used to derive object features from the grouped points. However, the inaccurate point assignments caused by the hand-crafted grouping scheme decrease the performance of 3D object detection. <br>In this paper, we present a simple yet effective method for directly detecting 3D objects from the 3D point cloud. Instead of grouping local points to each object candidate, our method computes the feature of an object from all the points in the point cloud with the help of an attention mechanism in the Transformers \cite{vaswani2017attention}, where the contribution of each point is automatically learned in the network training. With an improved attention stacking scheme, our method fuses object features in different stages and generates more accurate object detection results. With few bells and whistles, the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art 3D object detection performance on two widely used benchmarks, ScanNet V2 and SUN RGB-D. The code and models are publicly available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zeliu98/Group-Free-3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 7.Putting NeRF on a Diet: Semantically Consistent Few-Shot View Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00677.pdf)
>  We present DietNeRF, a 3D neural scene representation estimated from a few images. Neural Radiance Fields (NeRF) learn a continuous volumetric representation of a scene through multi-view consistency, and can be rendered from novel viewpoints by ray casting. While NeRF has an impressive ability to reconstruct geometry and fine details given many images, up to 100 for challenging 360° scenes, it often finds a degenerate solution to its image reconstruction objective when only a few input views are available. To improve few-shot quality, we propose DietNeRF. We introduce an auxiliary semantic consistency loss that encourages realistic renderings at novel poses. DietNeRF is trained on individual scenes to (1) correctly render given input views from the same pose, and (2) match high-level semantic attributes across different, random poses. Our semantic loss allows us to supervise DietNeRF from arbitrary poses. We extract these semantics using a pre-trained visual encoder such as CLIP, a Vision Transformer trained on hundreds of millions of diverse single-view, 2D photographs mined from the web with natural language supervision. In experiments, DietNeRF improves the perceptual quality of few-shot view synthesis when learned from scratch, can render novel views with as few as one observed image when pre-trained on a multi-view dataset, and produces plausible completions of completely unobserved regions.      
### 8.In&amp;Out : Diverse Image Outpainting via GAN Inversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00675.pdf)
>  Image outpainting seeks for a semantically consistent extension of the input image beyond its available content. Compared to inpainting -- filling in missing pixels in a way coherent with the neighboring pixels -- outpainting can be achieved in more diverse ways since the problem is less constrained by the surrounding pixels. Existing image outpainting methods pose the problem as a conditional image-to-image translation task, often generating repetitive structures and textures by replicating the content available in the input image. In this work, we formulate the problem from the perspective of inverting generative adversarial networks. Our generator renders micro-patches conditioned on their joint latent code as well as their individual positions in the image. To outpaint an image, we seek for multiple latent codes not only recovering available patches but also synthesizing diverse outpainting by patch-based generation. This leads to richer structure and content in the outpainted regions. Furthermore, our formulation allows for outpainting conditioned on the categorical input, thereby enabling flexible user controls. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the proposed method performs favorably against existing in- and outpainting methods, featuring higher visual quality and diversity.      
### 9.PhySG: Inverse Rendering with Spherical Gaussians for Physics-based Material Editing and Relighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00674.pdf)
>  We present PhySG, an end-to-end inverse rendering pipeline that includes a fully differentiable renderer and can reconstruct geometry, materials, and illumination from scratch from a set of RGB input images. Our framework represents specular BRDFs and environmental illumination using mixtures of spherical Gaussians, and represents geometry as a signed distance function parameterized as a Multi-Layer Perceptron. The use of spherical Gaussians allows us to efficiently solve for approximate light transport, and our method works on scenes with challenging non-Lambertian reflectance captured under natural, static illumination. We demonstrate, with both synthetic and real data, that our reconstructions not only enable rendering of novel viewpoints, but also physics-based appearance editing of materials and illumination.      
### 10.Unconstrained Scene Generation with Locally Conditioned Radiance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00670.pdf)
>  We tackle the challenge of learning a distribution over complex, realistic, indoor scenes. In this paper, we introduce Generative Scene Networks (GSN), which learns to decompose scenes into a collection of many local radiance fields that can be rendered from a free moving camera. Our model can be used as a prior to generate new scenes, or to complete a scene given only sparse 2D observations. Recent work has shown that generative models of radiance fields can capture properties such as multi-view consistency and view-dependent lighting. However, these models are specialized for constrained viewing of single objects, such as cars or faces. Due to the size and complexity of realistic indoor environments, existing models lack the representational capacity to adequately capture them. Our decomposition scheme scales to larger and more complex scenes while preserving details and diversity, and the learned prior enables high-quality rendering from viewpoints that are significantly different from observed viewpoints. When compared to existing models, GSN produces quantitatively higher-quality scene renderings across several different scene datasets.      
### 11.Frozen in Time: A Joint Video and Image Encoder for End-to-End Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00650.pdf)
>  Our objective in this work is video-text retrieval - in particular a joint embedding that enables efficient text-to-video retrieval. The challenges in this area include the design of the visual architecture and the nature of the training data, in that the available large scale video-text training datasets, such as HowTo100M, are noisy and hence competitive performance is achieved only at scale through large amounts of compute. We address both these challenges in this paper. We propose an end-to-end trainable model that is designed to take advantage of both large-scale image and video captioning datasets. Our model is an adaptation and extension of the recent ViT and Timesformer architectures, and consists of attention in both space and time. The model is flexible and can be trained on both image and video text datasets, either independently or in conjunction. It is trained with a curriculum learning schedule that begins by treating images as 'frozen' snapshots of video, and then gradually learns to attend to increasing temporal context when trained on video datasets. We also provide a new video-text pretraining dataset WebVid-2M, comprised of over two million videos with weak captions scraped from the internet. Despite training on datasets that are an order of magnitude smaller, we show that this approach yields state-of-the-art results on standard downstream video-retrieval benchmarks including MSR-VTT, MSVD, DiDeMo and LSMDC.      
### 12.Motion Guided Attention Fusion to Recognize Interactions from Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00646.pdf)
>  We present a dual-pathway approach for recognizing fine-grained interactions from videos. We build on the success of prior dual-stream approaches, but make a distinction between the static and dynamic representations of objects and their interactions explicit by introducing separate motion and object detection pathways. Then, using our new Motion-Guided Attention Fusion module, we fuse the bottom-up features in the motion pathway with features captured from object detections to learn the temporal aspects of an action. We show that our approach can generalize across appearance effectively and recognize actions where an actor interacts with previously unseen objects. We validate our approach using the compositional action recognition task from the Something-Something-v2 dataset where we outperform existing state-of-the-art methods. We also show that our method can generalize well to real world tasks by showing state-of-the-art performance on recognizing humans assembling various IKEA furniture on the IKEA-ASM dataset.      
### 13.RePOSE: Real-Time Iterative Rendering and Refinement for 6D Object Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00633.pdf)
>  The use of iterative pose refinement is a critical processing step for 6D object pose estimation, and its performance depends greatly on one's choice of image representation. Image representations learned via deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) are currently the method of choice as they are able to robustly encode object keypoint locations. However, CNN-based image representations are computational expensive to use for iterative pose refinement, as they require that image features are extracted using a deep network, once for the input image and multiple times for rendered images during the refinement process. Instead of using a CNN to extract image features from a rendered RGB image, we propose to directly render a deep feature image. We call this deep texture rendering, where a shallow multi-layer perceptron is used to directly regress a view invariant image representation of an object. Using an estimate of the pose and deep texture rendering, our system can render an image representation in under 1ms. This image representation is optimized such that it makes it easier to perform nonlinear 6D pose estimation by adding a differentiable Levenberg-Marquardt optimization network and back-propagating the 6D pose alignment error. We call our method, RePOSE, a Real-time Iterative Rendering and Refinement algorithm for 6D POSE estimation. RePOSE runs at 71 FPS and achieves state-of-the-art accuracy of 51.6% on the Occlusion LineMOD dataset - a 4.1% absolute improvement over the prior art, and comparable performance on the YCB-Video dataset with a much faster runtime than the other pose refinement methods.      
### 14.RGB-D Local Implicit Function for Depth Completion of Transparent Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00622.pdf)
>  Majority of the perception methods in robotics require depth information provided by RGB-D cameras. However, standard 3D sensors fail to capture depth of transparent objects due to refraction and absorption of light. In this paper, we introduce a new approach for depth completion of transparent objects from a single RGB-D image. Key to our approach is a local implicit neural representation built on ray-voxel pairs that allows our method to generalize to unseen objects and achieve fast inference speed. Based on this representation, we present a novel framework that can complete missing depth given noisy RGB-D input. We further improve the depth estimation iteratively using a self-correcting refinement model. To train the whole pipeline, we build a large scale synthetic dataset with transparent objects. Experiments demonstrate that our method performs significantly better than the current state-of-the-art methods on both synthetic and real world data. In addition, our approach improves the inference speed by a factor of 20 compared to the previous best method, ClearGrasp. Code and dataset will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://research.nvidia.com/publication/2021-03_RGB-D-Local-Implicit" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Modular Adaptation for Cross-Domain Few-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00619.pdf)
>  Adapting pre-trained representations has become the go-to recipe for learning new downstream tasks with limited examples. While literature has demonstrated great successes via representation learning, in this work, we show that substantial performance improvement of downstream tasks can also be achieved by appropriate designs of the adaptation process. Specifically, we propose a modular adaptation method that selectively performs multiple state-of-the-art (SOTA) adaptation methods in sequence. As different downstream tasks may require different types of adaptation, our modular adaptation enables the dynamic configuration of the most suitable modules based on the downstream task. Moreover, as an extension to existing cross-domain 5-way k-shot benchmarks (e.g., miniImageNet -&gt; CUB), we create a new high-way (~100) k-shot benchmark with data from 10 different datasets. This benchmark provides a diverse set of domains and allows the use of stronger representations learned from ImageNet. Experimental results show that by customizing adaptation process towards downstream tasks, our modular adaptation pipeline (MAP) improves 3.1% in 5-shot classification accuracy over baselines of finetuning and Prototypical Networks.      
### 16.Composable Augmentation Encoding for Video Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00616.pdf)
>  We focus on contrastive methods for self-supervised video representation learning. A common paradigm in contrastive learning is to construct positive pairs by sampling different data views for the same instance, with different data instances as negatives. These methods implicitly assume a set of representational invariances to the view selection mechanism (eg, sampling frames with temporal shifts), which may lead to poor performance on downstream tasks which violate these invariances (fine-grained video action recognition that would benefit from temporal information). To overcome this limitation, we propose an 'augmentation aware' contrastive learning framework, where we explicitly provide a sequence of augmentation parameterisations (such as the values of the time shifts used to create data views) as composable augmentation encodings (CATE) to our model when projecting the video representations for contrastive learning. We show that representations learned by our method encode valuable information about specified spatial or temporal augmentation, and in doing so also achieve state-of-the-art performance on a number of video benchmarks.      
### 17.The surprising impact of mask-head architecture on novel class segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00613.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation models today are very accurate when trained on large annotated datasets, but collecting mask annotations at scale is prohibitively expensive. We address the partially supervised instance segmentation problem in which one can train on (significantly cheaper) bounding boxes for all categories but use masks only for a subset of categories. In this work, we focus on a popular family of models which apply differentiable cropping to a feature map and predict a mask based on the resulting crop. Within this family, we show that the architecture of the mask-head plays a surprisingly important role in generalization to classes for which we do not observe masks during training. While many architectures perform similarly when trained in fully supervised mode, we show that they often generalize to novel classes in dramatically different ways. We call this phenomenon the strong mask generalization effect, which we exploit by replacing the typical mask-head of 2-4 layers with significantly deeper off-the-shelf architectures (e.g. ResNet, Hourglass models). We also show that the choice of mask-head architecture alone can lead to SOTA results on the partially supervised COCO benchmark without the need of specialty modules or losses proposed by prior literature. Finally, we demonstrate that our effect is general, holding across underlying detection methodologies, (e.g. both anchor-based or anchor free or no detector at all) and across different backbone networks. Code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/deepmac" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.One-Shot Neural Ensemble Architecture Search by Diversity-Guided Search Space Shrinking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00597.pdf)
>  Despite remarkable progress achieved, most neural architecture search (NAS) methods focus on searching for one single accurate and robust architecture. To further build models with better generalization capability and performance, model ensemble is usually adopted and performs better than stand-alone models. Inspired by the merits of model ensemble, we propose to search for multiple diverse models simultaneously as an alternative way to find powerful models. Searching for ensembles is non-trivial and has two key challenges: enlarged search space and potentially more complexity for the searched model. In this paper, we propose a one-shot neural ensemble architecture search (NEAS) solution that addresses the two challenges. For the first challenge, we introduce a novel diversity-based metric to guide search space shrinking, considering both the potentiality and diversity of candidate operators. For the second challenge, we enable a new search dimension to learn layer sharing among different models for efficiency purposes. The experiments on ImageNet clearly demonstrate that our solution can improve the supernet's capacity of ranking ensemble architectures, and further lead to better search results. The discovered architectures achieve superior performance compared with state-of-the-arts such as MobileNetV3 and EfficientNet families under aligned settings. Moreover, we evaluate the generalization ability and robustness of our searched architecture on the COCO detection benchmark and achieve a 3.1% improvement on AP compared with MobileNetV3. Codes and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/researchmm/NEAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.LED2-Net: Monocular 360 Layout Estimation via Differentiable Depth Rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00568.pdf)
>  Although significant progress has been made in room layout estimation, most methods aim to reduce the loss in the 2D pixel coordinate rather than exploiting the room structure in the 3D space. Towards reconstructing the room layout in 3D, we formulate the task of 360 layout estimation as a problem of predicting depth on the horizon line of a panorama. Specifically, we propose the Differentiable Depth Rendering procedure to make the conversion from layout to depth prediction differentiable, thus making our proposed model end-to-end trainable while leveraging the 3D geometric information, without the need of providing the ground truth depth. Our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on numerous 360 layout benchmark datasets. Moreover, our formulation enables a pre-training step on the depth dataset, which further improves the generalizability of our layout estimation model.      
### 20.Text to Image Generation with Semantic-Spatial Aware GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00567.pdf)
>  A text to image generation (T2I) model aims to generate photo-realistic images which are semantically consistent with the text descriptions. Built upon the recent advances in generative adversarial networks (GANs), existing T2I models have made great progress. However, a close inspection of their generated images reveals two major limitations: (1) The condition batch normalization methods are applied on the whole image feature maps equally, ignoring the local semantics; (2) The text encoder is fixed during training, which should be trained with the image generator jointly to learn better text representations for image generation. To address these limitations, we propose a novel framework Semantic-Spatial Aware GAN, which is trained in an end-to-end fashion so that the text encoder can exploit better text information. Concretely, we introduce a novel Semantic-Spatial Aware Convolution Network, which (1) learns semantic-adaptive transformation conditioned on text to effectively fuse text features and image features, and (2) learns a mask map in a weakly-supervised way that depends on the current text-image fusion process in order to guide the transformation spatially. Experiments on the challenging COCO and CUB bird datasets demonstrate the advantage of our method over the recent state-of-the-art approaches, regarding both visual fidelity and alignment with input text description.      
### 21.Domain-Adversarial Training of Self-Attention Based Networks for Land Cover Classification using Multi-temporal Sentinel-2 Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00564.pdf)
>  The increasing availability of large-scale remote sensing labeled data has prompted researchers to develop increasingly precise and accurate data-driven models for land cover and crop classification (LC&amp;CC). Moreover, with the introduction of self-attention and introspection mechanisms, deep learning approaches have shown promising results in processing long temporal sequences in the multi-spectral domain with a contained computational request. Nevertheless, most practical applications cannot rely on labeled data, and in the field, surveys are a time consuming solution that poses strict limitations to the number of collected samples. Moreover, atmospheric conditions and specific geographical region characteristics constitute a relevant domain gap that does not allow direct applicability of a trained model on the available dataset to the area of interest. In this paper, we investigate adversarial training of deep neural networks to bridge the domain discrepancy between distinct geographical zones. In particular, we perform a thorough analysis of domain adaptation applied to challenging multi-spectral, multi-temporal data, accurately highlighting the advantages of adapting state-of-the-art self-attention based models for LC&amp;CC to different target zones where labeled data are not available. Extensive experimentation demonstrated significant performance and generalization gain in applying domain-adversarial training to source and target regions with marked dissimilarities between the distribution of extracted features.      
### 22.A Front-End for Dense Monocular SLAM using a Learned Outlier Mask Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00562.pdf)
>  Recent achievements in depth prediction from a single RGB image have powered the new research area of combining convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with classical simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) algorithms. The depth prediction from a CNN provides a reasonable initial point in the optimization process in the traditional SLAM algorithms, while the SLAM algorithms further improve the CNN prediction online. However, most of the current CNN-SLAM approaches have only taken advantage of the depth prediction but not yet other products from a CNN. In this work, we explore the use of the outlier mask, a by-product from unsupervised learning of depth from video, as a prior in a classical probability model for depth estimate fusion to step up the outlier-resistant tracking performance of a SLAM front-end. On the other hand, some of the previous CNN-SLAM work builds on feature-based sparse SLAM methods, wasting the per-pixel dense prediction from a CNN. In contrast to these sparse methods, we devise a dense CNN-assisted SLAM front-end that is implementable with TensorFlow and evaluate it on both indoor and outdoor datasets.      
### 23.Deep Two-View Structure-from-Motion Revisited  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00556.pdf)
>  Two-view structure-from-motion (SfM) is the cornerstone of 3D reconstruction and visual SLAM. Existing deep learning-based approaches formulate the problem by either recovering absolute pose scales from two consecutive frames or predicting a depth map from a single image, both of which are ill-posed problems. In contrast, we propose to revisit the problem of deep two-view SfM by leveraging the well-posedness of the classic pipeline. Our method consists of 1) an optical flow estimation network that predicts dense correspondences between two frames; 2) a normalized pose estimation module that computes relative camera poses from the 2D optical flow correspondences, and 3) a scale-invariant depth estimation network that leverages epipolar geometry to reduce the search space, refine the dense correspondences, and estimate relative depth maps. Extensive experiments show that our method outperforms all state-of-the-art two-view SfM methods by a clear margin on KITTI depth, KITTI VO, MVS, Scenes11, and SUN3D datasets in both relative pose and depth estimation.      
### 24.A Joint Network for Grasp Detection Conditioned on Natural Language Commands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00492.pdf)
>  We consider the task of grasping a target object based on a natural language command query. Previous work primarily focused on localizing the object given the query, which requires a separate grasp detection module to grasp it. The cascaded application of two pipelines incurs errors in overlapping multi-object cases due to ambiguity in the individual outputs. This work proposes a model named Command Grasping Network(CGNet) to directly output command satisficing grasps from RGB image and textual command inputs. A dataset with ground truth (image, command, grasps) tuple is generated based on the VMRD dataset to train the proposed network. Experimental results on the generated test set show that CGNet outperforms a cascaded object-retrieval and grasp detection baseline by a large margin. Three physical experiments demonstrate the functionality and performance of CGNet.      
### 25.Linear Semantics in Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00487.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are able to generate high-quality images, but it remains difficult to explicitly specify the semantics of synthesized images. In this work, we aim to better understand the semantic representation of GANs, and thereby enable semantic control in GAN's generation process. Interestingly, we find that a well-trained GAN encodes image semantics in its internal feature maps in a surprisingly simple way: a linear transformation of feature maps suffices to extract the generated image semantics. To verify this simplicity, we conduct extensive experiments on various GANs and datasets; and thanks to this simplicity, we are able to learn a semantic segmentation model for a trained GAN from a small number (e.g., 8) of labeled images. Last but not least, leveraging our findings, we propose two few-shot image editing approaches, namely Semantic-Conditional Sampling and Semantic Image Editing. Given a trained GAN and as few as eight semantic annotations, the user is able to generate diverse images subject to a user-provided semantic layout, and control the synthesized image semantics. We have made the code publicly available.      
### 26.Neural Video Portrait Relighting in Real-time via Consistency Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00484.pdf)
>  Video portraits relighting is critical in user-facing human photography, especially for immersive VR/AR experience. Recent advances still fail to recover consistent relit result under dynamic illuminations from monocular RGB stream, suffering from the lack of video consistency supervision. In this paper, we propose a neural approach for real-time, high-quality and coherent video portrait relighting, which jointly models the semantic, temporal and lighting consistency using a new dynamic OLAT dataset. We propose a hybrid structure and lighting disentanglement in an encoder-decoder architecture, which combines a multi-task and adversarial training strategy for semantic-aware consistency modeling. We adopt a temporal modeling scheme via flow-based supervision to encode the conjugated temporal consistency in a cross manner. We also propose a lighting sampling strategy to model the illumination consistency and mutation for natural portrait light manipulation in real-world. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach for consistent video portrait light-editing and relighting, even using mobile computing.      
### 27.Unsupervised Foreground-Background Segmentation with Equivariant Layered GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00483.pdf)
>  We propose an unsupervised foreground-background segmentation method via training a segmentation network on the synthetic pseudo segmentation dataset generated from GANs, which are trained from a collection of images without annotations to explicitly disentangle foreground and background. To efficiently generate foreground and background layers and overlay them to compose novel images, the construction of such GANs is fulfilled by our proposed Equivariant Layered GAN, whose improvement, compared to the precedented layered GAN, is embodied in the following two aspects. (1) The disentanglement of foreground and background is improved by extending the previous perturbation strategy and introducing private code recovery that reconstructs the private code of foreground from the composite image. (2) The latent space of the layered GANs is regularized by minimizing our proposed equivariance loss, resulting in interpretable latent codes and better disentanglement of foreground and background. Our methods are evaluated on unsupervised object segmentation datasets including Caltech-UCSD Birds and LSUN Car, achieving state-of-the-art performance.      
### 28.Sketch2Mesh: Reconstructing and Editing 3D Shapes from Sketches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00482.pdf)
>  Reconstructing 3D shape from 2D sketches has long been an open problem because the sketches only provide very sparse and ambiguous information. In this paper, we use an encoder/decoder architecture for the sketch to mesh translation. This enables us to leverage its latent parametrization to represent and refine a 3D mesh so that its projections match the external contours outlined in the sketch. We will show that this approach is easy to deploy, robust to style changes, and effective. Furthermore, it can be used for shape refinement given only single pen strokes. We compare our approach to state-of-the-art methods on sketches -- both hand-drawn and synthesized -- and demonstrate that we outperform them.      
### 29.Fostering Generalization in Single-view 3D Reconstruction by Learning a Hierarchy of Local and Global Shape Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00476.pdf)
>  Single-view 3D object reconstruction has seen much progress, yet methods still struggle generalizing to novel shapes unseen during training. Common approaches predominantly rely on learned global shape priors and, hence, disregard detailed local observations. In this work, we address this issue by learning a hierarchy of priors at different levels of locality from ground truth input depth maps. We argue that exploiting local priors allows our method to efficiently use input observations, thus improving generalization in visible areas of novel shapes. At the same time, the combination of local and global priors enables meaningful hallucination of unobserved parts resulting in consistent 3D shapes. We show that the hierarchical approach generalizes much better than the global approach. It generalizes not only between different instances of a class but also across classes and to unseen arrangements of objects.      
### 30.Improving Calibration for Long-Tailed Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00466.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks may perform poorly when training datasets are heavily class-imbalanced. Recently, two-stage methods decouple representation learning and classifier learning to improve performance. But there is still the vital issue of miscalibration. To address it, we design two methods to improve calibration and performance in such scenarios. Motivated by the fact that predicted probability distributions of classes are highly related to the numbers of class instances, we propose label-aware smoothing to deal with different degrees of over-confidence for classes and improve classifier learning. For dataset bias between these two stages due to different samplers, we further propose shifted batch normalization in the decoupling framework. Our proposed methods set new records on multiple popular long-tailed recognition benchmark datasets, including CIFAR-10-LT, CIFAR-100-LT, ImageNet-LT, Places-LT, and iNaturalist 2018. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jia-Research-Lab/MiSLAS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Improved Image Generation via Sparse Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00464.pdf)
>  The interest of the deep learning community in image synthesis has grown massively in recent years. Nowadays, deep generative methods, and especially Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), are leading to state-of-the-art performance, capable of synthesizing images that appear realistic. While the efforts for improving the quality of the generated images are extensive, most attempts still consider the generator part as an uncorroborated "black-box". In this paper, we aim to provide a better understanding and design of the image generation process. We interpret existing generators as implicitly relying on sparsity-inspired models. More specifically, we show that generators can be viewed as manifestations of the Convolutional Sparse Coding (CSC) and its Multi-Layered version (ML-CSC) synthesis processes. We leverage this observation by explicitly enforcing a sparsifying regularization on appropriately chosen activation layers in the generator, and demonstrate that this leads to improved image synthesis. Furthermore, we show that the same rationale and benefits apply to generators serving inverse problems, demonstrated on the Deep Image Prior (DIP) method.      
### 32.SCALoss: Side and Corner Aligned Loss for Bounding Box Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00462.pdf)
>  Bounding box regression is an important component in object detection. Recent work has shown the promising performance by optimizing the Intersection over Union (IoU) as loss. However, IoU-based loss has the gradient vanish problem in the case of low overlapping bounding boxes, and the model could easily ignore these simple cases. In this paper, we propose Side Overlap (SO) loss by maximizing the side overlap of two bounding boxes, which puts more penalty for low overlapping bounding box cases. Besides, to speed up the convergence, the Corner Distance (CD) is added into the objective function. Combining the Side Overlap and Corner Distance, we get a new regression objective function, Side and Corner Align Loss (SCALoss). The SCALoss is well-correlated with IoU loss, which also benefits the evaluation metric but produces more penalty for low-overlapping cases. It can serve as a comprehensive similarity measure, leading the better localization performance and faster convergence speed. Experiments on COCO and PASCAL VOC benchmarks show that SCALoss can bring consistent improvement and outperform $\ell_n$ loss and IoU based loss with popular object detectors such as YOLOV3, SSD, Reppoints, Faster-RCNN.      
### 33.Towards Evaluating and Training Verifiably Robust Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00447.pdf)
>  Recent works have shown that interval bound propagation (IBP) can be used to train verifiably robust neural networks. Reseachers observe an intriguing phenomenon on these IBP trained networks: CROWN, a bounding method based on tight linear relaxation, often gives very loose bounds on these networks. We also observe that most neurons become dead during the IBP training process, which could hurt the representation capability of the network. In this paper, we study the relationship between IBP and CROWN, and prove that CROWN is always tighter than IBP when choosing appropriate bounding lines. We further propose a relaxed version of CROWN, linear bound propagation (LBP), that can be used to verify large networks to obtain lower verified errors than IBP. We also design a new activation function, parameterized ramp function (ParamRamp), which has more diversity of neuron status than ReLU. We conduct extensive experiments on MNIST, CIFAR-10 and Tiny-ImageNet with ParamRamp activation and achieve state-of-the-art verified robustness. Code and the appendix are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhaoyangLyu/VerifiablyRobustNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Anchor Pruning for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00432.pdf)
>  This paper proposes anchor pruning for object detection in one-stage anchor-based detectors. While pruning techniques are widely used to reduce the computational cost of convolutional neural networks, they tend to focus on optimizing the backbone networks where often most computations are. In this work we demonstrate an additional pruning technique, specifically for object detection: anchor pruning. With more efficient backbone networks and a growing trend of deploying object detectors on embedded systems where post-processing steps such as non-maximum suppression can be a bottleneck, the impact of the anchors used in the detection head is becoming increasingly more important. In this work, we show that many anchors in the object detection head can be removed without any loss in accuracy. With additional retraining, anchor pruning can even lead to improved accuracy. Extensive experiments on SSD and MS COCO show that the detection head can be made up to 44% more efficient while simultaneously increasing accuracy. Further experiments on RetinaNet and PASCAL VOC show the general effectiveness of our approach. We also introduce `overanchorized' models that can be used together with anchor pruning to eliminate hyperparameters related to the initial shape of anchors.      
### 35.Unsupervised Learning of Monocular Depth and Ego-Motion Using Multiple Masks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00431.pdf)
>  A new unsupervised learning method of depth and ego-motion using multiple masks from monocular video is proposed in this paper. The depth estimation network and the ego-motion estimation network are trained according to the constraints of depth and ego-motion without truth values. The main contribution of our method is to carefully consider the occlusion of the pixels generated when the adjacent frames are projected to each other, and the blank problem generated in the projection target imaging plane. Two fine masks are designed to solve most of the image pixel mismatch caused by the movement of the camera. In addition, some relatively rare circumstances are considered, and repeated masking is proposed. To some extent, the method is to use a geometric relationship to filter the mismatched pixels for training, making unsupervised learning more efficient and accurate. The experiments on KITTI dataset show our method achieves good performance in terms of depth and ego-motion. The generalization capability of our method is demonstrated by training on the low-quality uncalibrated bike video dataset and evaluating on KITTI dataset, and the results are still good.      
### 36.Unsupervised Degradation Representation Learning for Blind Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00416.pdf)
>  Most existing CNN-based super-resolution (SR) methods are developed based on an assumption that the degradation is fixed and known (e.g., bicubic downsampling). However, these methods suffer a severe performance drop when the real degradation is different from their assumption. To handle various unknown degradations in real-world applications, previous methods rely on degradation estimation to reconstruct the SR image. Nevertheless, degradation estimation methods are usually time-consuming and may lead to SR failure due to large estimation errors. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised degradation representation learning scheme for blind SR without explicit degradation estimation. Specifically, we learn abstract representations to distinguish various degradations in the representation space rather than explicit estimation in the pixel space. Moreover, we introduce a Degradation-Aware SR (DASR) network with flexible adaption to various degradations based on the learned representations. It is demonstrated that our degradation representation learning scheme can extract discriminative representations to obtain accurate degradation information. Experiments on both synthetic and real images show that our network achieves state-of-the-art performance for the blind SR task. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LongguangWang/DASR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Target Transformed Regression for Accurate Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00403.pdf)
>  Accurate tracking is still a challenging task due to appearance variations, pose and view changes, and geometric deformations of target in videos. Recent anchor-free trackers provide an efficient regression mechanism but fail to produce precise bounding box estimation. To address these issues, this paper repurposes a Transformer-alike regression branch, termed as Target Transformed Regression (TREG), for accurate anchor-free tracking. The core to our TREG is to model pair-wise relation between elements in target template and search region, and use the resulted target enhanced visual representation for accurate bounding box regression. This target contextualized representation is able to enhance the target relevant information to help precisely locate the box boundaries, and deal with the object deformation to some extent due to its local and dense matching mechanism. In addition, we devise a simple online template update mechanism to select reliable templates, increasing the robustness for appearance variations and geometric deformations of target in time. Experimental results on visual tracking benchmarks including VOT2018, VOT2019, OTB100, GOT10k, NFS, UAV123, LaSOT and TrackingNet demonstrate that TREG obtains the state-of-the-art performance, achieving a success rate of 0.640 on LaSOT, while running at around 30 FPS. The code and models will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MCG-NJU/TREG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Online Multiple Object Tracking with Cross-Task Synergy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00380.pdf)
>  Modern online multiple object tracking (MOT) methods usually focus on two directions to improve tracking performance. One is to predict new positions in an incoming frame based on tracking information from previous frames, and the other is to enhance data association by generating more discriminative identity embeddings. Some works combined both directions within one framework but handled them as two individual tasks, thus gaining little mutual benefits. In this paper, we propose a novel unified model with synergy between position prediction and embedding association. The two tasks are linked by temporal-aware target attention and distractor attention, as well as identity-aware memory aggregation model. Specifically, the attention modules can make the prediction focus more on targets and less on distractors, therefore more reliable embeddings can be extracted accordingly for association. On the other hand, such reliable embeddings can boost identity-awareness through memory aggregation, hence strengthen attention modules and suppress drifts. In this way, the synergy between position prediction and embedding association is achieved, which leads to strong robustness to occlusions. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of our proposed model over a wide range of existing methods on MOTChallenge benchmarks. Our code and models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/songguocode/TADAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Efficient and Differentiable Shadow Computation for Inverse Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00359.pdf)
>  Differentiable rendering has received increasing interest for image-based inverse problems. It can benefit traditional optimization-based solutions to inverse problems, but also allows for self-supervision of learning-based approaches for which training data with ground truth annotation is hard to obtain. However, existing differentiable renderers either do not model visibility of the light sources from the different points in the scene, responsible for shadows in the images, or are too slow for being used to train deep architectures over thousands of iterations. To this end, we propose an accurate yet efficient approach for differentiable visibility and soft shadow computation. Our approach is based on the spherical harmonics approximations of the scene illumination and visibility, where the occluding surface is approximated with spheres. This allows for a significantly more efficient shadow computation compared to methods based on ray tracing. As our formulation is differentiable, it can be used to solve inverse problems such as texture, illumination, rigid pose, and geometric deformation recovery from images using analysis-by-synthesis optimization.      
### 40.Exploiting Relationship for Complex-scene Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00356.pdf)
>  The significant progress on Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) has facilitated realistic single-object image generation based on language input. However, complex-scene generation (with various interactions among multiple objects) still suffers from messy layouts and object distortions, due to diverse configurations in layouts and appearances. Prior methods are mostly object-driven and ignore their inter-relations that play a significant role in complex-scene images. This work explores relationship-aware complex-scene image generation, where multiple objects are inter-related as a scene graph. With the help of relationships, we propose three major updates in the generation framework. First, reasonable spatial layouts are inferred by jointly considering the semantics and relationships among objects. Compared to standard location regression, we show relative scales and distances serve a more reliable target. Second, since the relations between objects significantly influence an object's appearance, we design a relation-guided generator to generate objects reflecting their relationships. Third, a novel scene graph discriminator is proposed to guarantee the consistency between the generated image and the input scene graph. Our method tends to synthesize plausible layouts and objects, respecting the interplay of multiple objects in an image. Experimental results on Visual Genome and HICO-DET datasets show that our proposed method significantly outperforms prior arts in terms of IS and FID metrics. Based on our user study and visual inspection, our method is more effective in generating logical layout and appearance for complex-scenes.      
### 41.TrajeVAE -- Controllable Human Motion Generation from Trajectories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00351.pdf)
>  The generation of plausible and controllable 3D human motion animations is a long-standing problem that often requires a manual intervention of skilled artists. Existing machine learning approaches try to semi-automate this process by allowing the user to input partial information about the future movement. However, they are limited in two significant ways: they either base their pose prediction on past prior frames with no additional control over the future poses or allow the user to input only a single trajectory that precludes fine-grained control over the output. To mitigate these two issues, we reformulate the problem of future pose prediction into pose completion in space and time where trajectories are represented as poses with missing joints. We show that such a framework can generalize to other neural networks designed for future pose prediction. Once trained in this framework, a model is capable of predicting sequences from any number of trajectories. To leverage this notion, we propose a novel transformer-like architecture, TrajeVAE, that provides a versatile framework for 3D human animation. We demonstrate that TrajeVAE outperforms trajectory-based reference approaches and methods that base their predictions on past poses in terms of accuracy. We also show that it can predict reasonable future poses even if provided only with an initial pose.      
### 42.Reconstructing 3D Human Pose by Watching Humans in the Mirror  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00340.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce the new task of reconstructing 3D human pose from a single image in which we can see the person and the person's image through a mirror. Compared to general scenarios of 3D pose estimation from a single view, the mirror reflection provides an additional view for resolving the depth ambiguity. We develop an optimization-based approach that exploits mirror symmetry constraints for accurate 3D pose reconstruction. We also provide a method to estimate the surface normal of the mirror from vanishing points in the single image. To validate the proposed approach, we collect a large-scale dataset named Mirrored-Human, which covers a large variety of human subjects, poses and backgrounds. The experiments demonstrate that, when trained on Mirrored-Human with our reconstructed 3D poses as pseudo ground-truth, the accuracy and generalizability of existing single-view 3D pose estimators can be largely improved.      
### 43.Wide-Depth-Range 6D Object Pose Estimation in Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00337.pdf)
>  6D pose estimation in space poses unique challenges that are not commonly encountered in the terrestrial setting. One of the most striking differences is the lack of atmospheric scattering, allowing objects to be visible from a great distance while complicating illumination conditions. Currently available benchmark datasets do not place a sufficient emphasis on this aspect and mostly depict the target in close proximity. <br>Prior work tackling pose estimation under large scale variations relies on a two-stage approach to first estimate scale, followed by pose estimation on a resized image patch. We instead propose a single-stage hierarchical end-to-end trainable network that is more robust to scale variations. We demonstrate that it outperforms existing approaches not only on images synthesized to resemble images taken in space but also on standard benchmarks.      
### 44.UC2: Universal Cross-lingual Cross-modal Vision-and-Language Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00332.pdf)
>  Vision-and-language pre-training has achieved impressive success in learning multimodal representations between vision and language. To generalize this success to non-English languages, we introduce UC2, the first machine translation-augmented framework for cross-lingual cross-modal representation learning. To tackle the scarcity problem of multilingual captions for image datasets, we first augment existing English-only datasets with other languages via machine translation (MT). Then we extend the standard Masked Language Modeling and Image-Text Matching training objectives to multilingual setting, where alignment between different languages is captured through shared visual context (i.e, using image as pivot). To facilitate the learning of a joint embedding space of images and all languages of interest, we further propose two novel pre-training tasks, namely Masked Region-to-Token Modeling (MRTM) and Visual Translation Language Modeling (VTLM), leveraging MT-enhanced translated data. Evaluation on multilingual image-text retrieval and multilingual visual question answering benchmarks demonstrates that our proposed framework achieves new state-of-the-art on diverse non-English benchmarks while maintaining comparable performance to monolingual pre-trained models on English tasks.      
### 45.Famous Companies Use More Letters in Logo:A Large-Scale Analysis of Text Area in Logo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00327.pdf)
>  This paper analyzes a large number of logo images from the LLD-logo dataset, by recent deep learning-based techniques, to understand not only design trends of logo images and but also the correlation to their owner company. Especially, we focus on three correlations between logo images and their text areas, between the text areas and the number of followers on Twitter, and between the logo images and the number of followers. Various findings include the weak positive correlation between the text area ratio and the number of followers of the company. In addition, deep regression and deep ranking methods can catch correlations between the logo images and the number of followers.      
### 46.STMTrack: Template-free Visual Tracking with Space-time Memory Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00324.pdf)
>  Boosting performance of the offline trained siamese trackers is getting harder nowadays since the fixed information of the template cropped from the first frame has been almost thoroughly mined, but they are poorly capable of resisting target appearance changes. Existing trackers with template updating mechanisms rely on time-consuming numerical optimization and complex hand-designed strategies to achieve competitive performance, hindering them from real-time tracking and practical applications. In this paper, we propose a novel tracking framework built on top of a space-time memory network that is competent to make full use of historical information related to the target for better adapting to appearance variations during tracking. Specifically, a novel memory mechanism is introduced, which stores the historical information of the target to guide the tracker to focus on the most informative regions in the current frame. Furthermore, the pixel-level similarity computation of the memory network enables our tracker to generate much more accurate bounding boxes of the target. Extensive experiments and comparisons with many competitive trackers on challenging large-scale benchmarks, OTB-2015, TrackingNet, GOT-10k, LaSOT, UAV123, and VOT2018, show that, without bells and whistles, our tracker outperforms all previous state-of-the-art real-time methods while running at 37 FPS. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fzh0917/STMTrack" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.Jigsaw Clustering for Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00323.pdf)
>  Unsupervised representation learning with contrastive learning achieved great success. This line of methods duplicate each training batch to construct contrastive pairs, making each training batch and its augmented version forwarded simultaneously and leading to additional computation. We propose a new jigsaw clustering pretext task in this paper, which only needs to forward each training batch itself, and reduces the training cost. Our method makes use of information from both intra- and inter-images, and outperforms previous single-batch based ones by a large margin. It is even comparable to the contrastive learning methods when only half of training batches are used. <br>Our method indicates that multiple batches during training are not necessary, and opens the door for future research of single-batch unsupervised methods. Our models trained on ImageNet datasets achieve state-of-the-art results with linear classification, outperforming previous single-batch methods by 2.6%. Models transferred to COCO datasets outperform MoCo v2 by 0.4% with only half of the training batches. Our pretrained models outperform supervised ImageNet pretrained models on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets by 0.9% and 4.1% respectively. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Jia-Research-Lab/JigsawClustering" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 48.Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation via Selective Pseudo Labeling and Progressive Self-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00319.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation (DA) is a representation learning methodology that transfers knowledge from a label-sufficient source domain to a label-scarce target domain. While most of early methods are focused on unsupervised DA (UDA), several studies on semi-supervised DA (SSDA) are recently suggested. In SSDA, a small number of labeled target images are given for training, and the effectiveness of those data is demonstrated by the previous studies. However, the previous SSDA approaches solely adopt those data for embedding ordinary supervised losses, overlooking the potential usefulness of the few yet informative clues. Based on this observation, in this paper, we propose a novel method that further exploits the labeled target images for SSDA. Specifically, we utilize labeled target images to selectively generate pseudo labels for unlabeled target images. In addition, based on the observation that pseudo labels are inevitably noisy, we apply a label noise-robust learning scheme, which progressively updates the network and the set of pseudo labels by turns. Extensive experimental results show that our proposed method outperforms other previous state-of-the-art SSDA methods.      
### 49.Explore Image Deblurring via Blur Kernel Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00317.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a method to encode the blur operators of an arbitrary dataset of sharp-blur image pairs into a blur kernel space. Assuming the encoded kernel space is close enough to in-the-wild blur operators, we propose an alternating optimization algorithm for blind image deblurring. It approximates an unseen blur operator by a kernel in the encoded space and searches for the corresponding sharp image. Unlike recent deep-learning-based methods, our system can handle unseen blur kernel, while avoiding using complicated handcrafted priors on the blur operator often found in classical methods. Due to the method's design, the encoded kernel space is fully differentiable, thus can be easily adopted in deep neural network models. Moreover, our method can be used for blur synthesis by transferring existing blur operators from a given dataset into a new domain. Finally, we provide experimental results to confirm the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 50.Unsupervised Sound Localization via Iterative Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00315.pdf)
>  Sound localization aims to find the source of the audio signal in the visual scene. However, it is labor-intensive to annotate the correlations between the signals sampled from the audio and visual modalities, thus making it difficult to supervise the learning of a machine for this task. In this work, we propose an iterative contrastive learning framework that requires no data annotations. At each iteration, the proposed method takes the 1) localization results in images predicted in the previous iteration, and 2) semantic relationships inferred from the audio signals as the pseudo-labels. We then use the pseudo-labels to learn the correlation between the visual and audio signals sampled from the same video (intra-frame sampling) as well as the association between those extracted across videos (inter-frame relation). Our iterative strategy gradually encourages the localization of the sounding objects and reduces the correlation between the non-sounding regions and the reference audio. Quantitative and qualitative experimental results demonstrate that the proposed framework performs favorably against existing unsupervised and weakly-supervised methods on the sound localization task.      
### 51.Bipartite Graph Network with Adaptive Message Passing for Unbiased Scene Graph Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00308.pdf)
>  Scene graph generation is an important visual understanding task with a broad range of vision applications. Despite recent tremendous progress, it remains challenging due to the intrinsic long-tailed class distribution and large intra-class variation. To address these issues, we introduce a novel confidence-aware bipartite graph neural network with adaptive message propagation mechanism for unbiased scene graph generation. In addition, we propose an efficient bi-level data resampling strategy to alleviate the imbalanced data distribution problem in training our graph network. Our approach achieves superior or competitive performance over previous methods on several challenging datasets, including Visual Genome, Open Images V4/V6, demonstrating its effectiveness and generality.      
### 52.Modeling High-order Interactions across Multi-interests for Micro-video Reommendation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00305.pdf)
>  Personalized recommendation system has become pervasive in various video platform. Many effective methods have been proposed, but most of them didn't capture the user's multi-level interest trait and dependencies between their viewed micro-videos well. To solve these problems, we propose a Self-over-Co Attention module to enhance user's interest representation. In particular, we first use co-attention to model correlation patterns across different levels and then use self-attention to model correlation patterns within a specific level. Experimental results on filtered public datasets verify that our presented module is useful.      
### 53.MeanShift++: Extremely Fast Mode-Seeking With Applications to Segmentation and Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00303.pdf)
>  MeanShift is a popular mode-seeking clustering algorithm used in a wide range of applications in machine learning. However, it is known to be prohibitively slow, with quadratic runtime per iteration. We propose MeanShift++, an extremely fast mode-seeking algorithm based on MeanShift that uses a grid-based approach to speed up the mean shift step, replacing the computationally expensive neighbors search with a density-weighted mean of adjacent grid cells. In addition, we show that this grid-based technique for density estimation comes with theoretical guarantees. The runtime is linear in the number of points and exponential in dimension, which makes MeanShift++ ideal on low-dimensional applications such as image segmentation and object tracking. We provide extensive experimental analysis showing that MeanShift++ can be more than 10,000x faster than MeanShift with competitive clustering results on benchmark datasets and nearly identical image segmentations as MeanShift. Finally, we show promising results for object tracking.      
### 54.Students are the Best Teacher: Exit-Ensemble Distillation with Multi-Exits  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00299.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel knowledge distillation-based learning method to improve the classification performance of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) without a pre-trained teacher network, called exit-ensemble distillation. Our method exploits the multi-exit architecture that adds auxiliary classifiers (called exits) in the middle of a conventional CNN, through which early inference results can be obtained. The idea of our method is to train the network using the ensemble of the exits as the distillation target, which greatly improves the classification performance of the overall network. Our method suggests a new paradigm of knowledge distillation; unlike the conventional notion of distillation where teachers only teach students, we show that students can also help other students and even the teacher to learn better. Experimental results demonstrate that our method achieves significant improvement of classification performance on various popular CNN architectures (VGG, ResNet, ResNeXt, WideResNet, etc.). Furthermore, the proposed method can expedite the convergence of learning with improved stability. Our code will be available on Github.      
### 55.EfficientNetV2: Smaller Models and Faster Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00298.pdf)
>  This paper introduces EfficientNetV2, a new family of convolutional networks that have faster training speed and better parameter efficiency than previous models. To develop this family of models, we use a combination of training-aware neural architecture search and scaling, to jointly optimize training speed and parameter efficiency. The models were searched from the search space enriched with new ops such as Fused-MBConv. Our experiments show that EfficientNetV2 models train much faster than state-of-the-art models while being up to 6.8x smaller. <br>Our training can be further sped up by progressively increasing the image size during training, but it often causes a drop in accuracy. To compensate for this accuracy drop, we propose to adaptively adjust regularization (e.g., dropout and data augmentation) as well, such that we can achieve both fast training and good accuracy. <br>With progressive learning, our EfficientNetV2 significantly outperforms previous models on ImageNet and CIFAR/Cars/Flowers datasets. By pretraining on the same ImageNet21k, our EfficientNetV2 achieves 87.3% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet ILSVRC2012, outperforming the recent ViT by 2.0% accuracy while training 5x-11x faster using the same computing resources. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/google/automl/efficientnetv2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.Arbitrary-Shaped Text Detection withAdaptive Text Region Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00297.pdf)
>  Text detection/localization, as an important task in computer vision, has witnessed substantialadvancements in methodology and performance with convolutional neural networks. However, the vastmajority of popular methods use rectangles or quadrangles to describe text regions. These representationshave inherent drawbacks, especially relating to dense adjacent text and loose regional text boundaries,which usually cause difficulty detecting arbitrarily shaped text. In this paper, we propose a novel text regionrepresentation method, with a robust pipeline, which can precisely detect dense adjacent text instances witharbitrary shapes. We consider a text instance to be composed of an adaptive central text region mask anda corresponding expanding ratio between the central text region and the full text region. More specifically,our pipeline generates adaptive central text regions and corresponding expanding ratios with a proposedtraining strategy, followed by a new proposed post-processing algorithm which expands central text regionsto the complete text instance with the corresponding expanding ratios. We demonstrated that our new textregion representation is effective, and that the pipeline can precisely detect closely adjacent text instances ofarbitrary shapes. Experimental results on common datasets demonstrate superior performance o      
### 57.Learning to Track Instances without Video Annotations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00287.pdf)
>  Tracking segmentation masks of multiple instances has been intensively studied, but still faces two fundamental challenges: 1) the requirement of large-scale, frame-wise annotation, and 2) the complexity of two-stage approaches. To resolve these challenges, we introduce a novel semi-supervised framework by learning instance tracking networks with only a labeled image dataset and unlabeled video sequences. With an instance contrastive objective, we learn an embedding to discriminate each instance from the others. We show that even when only trained with images, the learned feature representation is robust to instance appearance variations, and is thus able to track objects steadily across frames. We further enhance the tracking capability of the embedding by learning correspondence from unlabeled videos in a self-supervised manner. In addition, we integrate this module into single-stage instance segmentation and pose estimation frameworks, which significantly reduce the computational complexity of tracking compared to two-stage networks. We conduct experiments on the YouTube-VIS and PoseTrack datasets. Without any video annotation efforts, our proposed method can achieve comparable or even better performance than most fully-supervised methods.      
### 58.CUPID: Adaptive Curation of Pre-training Data for Video-and-Language Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00285.pdf)
>  This work concerns video-language pre-training and representation learning. In this now ubiquitous training scheme, a model first performs pre-training on paired videos and text (e.g., video clips and accompanied subtitles) from a large uncurated source corpus, before transferring to specific downstream tasks. This two-stage training process inevitably raises questions about the generalization ability of the pre-trained model, which is particularly pronounced when a salient domain gap exists between source and target data (e.g., instructional cooking videos vs. movies). In this paper, we first bring to light the sensitivity of pre-training objectives (contrastive vs. reconstructive) to domain discrepancy. Then, we propose a simple yet effective framework, CUPID, to bridge this domain gap by filtering and adapting source data to the target data, followed by domain-focused pre-training. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that pre-training on a considerably small subset of domain-focused data can effectively close the source-target domain gap and achieve significant performance gain, compared to random sampling or even exploiting the full pre-training dataset. CUPID yields new state-of-the-art performance across multiple video-language and video tasks, including text-to-video retrieval [72, 37], video question answering [36], and video captioning [72], with consistent performance lift over different pre-training methods.      
### 59.Mesh Graphormer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00272.pdf)
>  We present a graph-convolution-reinforced transformer, named Mesh Graphormer, for 3D human pose and mesh reconstruction from a single image. Recently both transformers and graph convolutional neural networks (GCNNs) have shown promising progress in human mesh reconstruction. Transformer-based approaches are effective in modeling non-local interactions among 3D mesh vertices and body joints, whereas GCNNs are good at exploiting neighborhood vertex interactions based on a pre-specified mesh topology. In this paper, we study how to combine graph convolutions and self-attentions in a transformer to model both local and global interactions. Experimental results show that our proposed method, Mesh Graphormer, significantly outperforms the previous state-of-the-art methods on multiple benchmarks, including Human3.6M, 3DPW, and FreiHAND datasets      
### 60.LaPred: Lane-Aware Prediction of Multi-Modal Future Trajectories of Dynamic Agents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00249.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of predicting the future motion of a dynamic agent (called a target agent) given its current and past states as well as the information on its environment. It is paramount to develop a prediction model that can exploit the contextual information in both static and dynamic environments surrounding the target agent and generate diverse trajectory samples that are meaningful in a traffic context. We propose a novel prediction model, referred to as the lane-aware prediction (LaPred) network, which uses the instance-level lane entities extracted from a semantic map to predict the multi-modal future trajectories. For each lane candidate found in the neighborhood of the target agent, LaPred extracts the joint features relating the lane and the trajectories of the neighboring agents. Then, the features for all lane candidates are fused with the attention weights learned through a self-supervised learning task that identifies the lane candidate likely to be followed by the target agent. Using the instance-level lane information, LaPred can produce the trajectories compliant with the surroundings better than 2D raster image-based methods and generate the diverse future trajectories given multiple lane candidates. The experiments conducted on the public nuScenes dataset and Argoverse dataset demonstrate that the proposed LaPred method significantly outperforms the existing prediction models, achieving state-of-the-art performance in the benchmarks.      
### 61.Divergence Optimization for Noisy Universal Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00246.pdf)
>  Universal domain adaptation (UniDA) has been proposed to transfer knowledge learned from a label-rich source domain to a label-scarce target domain without any constraints on the label sets. In practice, however, it is difficult to obtain a large amount of perfectly clean labeled data in a source domain with limited resources. Existing UniDA methods rely on source samples with correct annotations, which greatly limits their application in the real world. Hence, we consider a new realistic setting called Noisy UniDA, in which classifiers are trained with noisy labeled data from the source domain and unlabeled data with an unknown class distribution from the target domain. This paper introduces a two-head convolutional neural network framework to solve all problems simultaneously. Our network consists of one common feature generator and two classifiers with different decision boundaries. By optimizing the divergence between the two classifiers' outputs, we can detect noisy source samples, find "unknown" classes in the target domain, and align the distribution of the source and target domains. In an extensive evaluation of different domain adaptation settings, the proposed method outperformed existing methods by a large margin in most settings.      
### 62.Self-supervised Motion Learning from Static Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00240.pdf)
>  Motions are reflected in videos as the movement of pixels, and actions are essentially patterns of inconsistent motions between the foreground and the background. To well distinguish the actions, especially those with complicated spatio-temporal interactions, correctly locating the prominent motion areas is of crucial importance. However, most motion information in existing videos are difficult to label and training a model with good motion representations with supervision will thus require a large amount of human labour for annotation. In this paper, we address this problem by self-supervised learning. Specifically, we propose to learn Motion from Static Images (MoSI). The model learns to encode motion information by classifying pseudo motions generated by MoSI. We furthermore introduce a static mask in pseudo motions to create local motion patterns, which forces the model to additionally locate notable motion areas for the correct classification.We demonstrate that MoSI can discover regions with large motion even without fine-tuning on the downstream datasets. As a result, the learned motion representations boost the performance of tasks requiring understanding of complex scenes and motions, i.e., action recognition. Extensive experiments show the consistent and transferable improvements achieved by MoSI. Codes will be soon released.      
### 63.Positive Sample Propagation along the Audio-Visual Event Line  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00239.pdf)
>  Visual and audio signals often coexist in natural environments, forming audio-visual events (AVEs). Given a video, we aim to localize video segments containing an AVE and identify its category. In order to learn discriminative features for a classifier, it is pivotal to identify the helpful (or positive) audio-visual segment pairs while filtering out the irrelevant ones, regardless whether they are synchronized or not. To this end, we propose a new positive sample propagation (PSP) module to discover and exploit the closely related audio-visual pairs by evaluating the relationship within every possible pair. It can be done by constructing an all-pair similarity map between each audio and visual segment, and only aggregating the features from the pairs with high similarity scores. To encourage the network to extract high correlated features for positive samples, a new audio-visual pair similarity loss is proposed. We also propose a new weighting branch to better exploit the temporal correlations in weakly supervised setting. We perform extensive experiments on the public AVE dataset and achieve new state-of-the-art accuracy in both fully and weakly supervised settings, thus verifying the effectiveness of our method.      
### 64.A Survey on Natural Language Video Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00234.pdf)
>  Natural language video localization (NLVL), which aims to locate a target moment from a video that semantically corresponds to a text query, is a novel and challenging task. Toward this end, in this paper, we present a comprehensive survey of the NLVL algorithms, where we first propose the pipeline of NLVL, and then categorize them into supervised and weakly-supervised methods, following by the analysis of the strengths and weaknesses of each kind of methods. Subsequently, we present the dataset, evaluation protocols and the general performance analysis. Finally, the possible perspectives are obtained by summarizing the existing methods.      
### 65.Unsupervised Domain Expansion for Visual Categorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00233.pdf)
>  Expanding visual categorization into a novel domain without the need of extra annotation has been a long-term interest for multimedia intelligence. Previously, this challenge has been approached by unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA). Given labeled data from a source domain and unlabeled data from a target domain, UDA seeks for a deep representation that is both discriminative and domain-invariant. While UDA focuses on the target domain, we argue that the performance on both source and target domains matters, as in practice which domain a test example comes from is unknown. In this paper we extend UDA by proposing a new task called unsupervised domain expansion (UDE), which aims to adapt a deep model for the target domain with its unlabeled data, meanwhile maintaining the model's performance on the source domain. We propose Knowledge Distillation Domain Expansion (KDDE) as a general method for the UDE task. Its domain-adaptation module can be instantiated with any existing model. We develop a knowledge distillation based learning mechanism, enabling KDDE to optimize a single objective wherein the source and target domains are equally treated. Extensive experiments on two major benchmarks, i.e., Office-Home and DomainNet, show that KDDE compares favorably against four competitive baselines, i.e., DDC, DANN, DAAN, and CDAN, for both UDA and UDE tasks. Our study also reveals that the current UDA models improve their performance on the target domain at the cost of noticeable performance loss on the source domain.      
### 66.Dive into Ambiguity: Latent Distribution Mining and Pairwise Uncertainty Estimation for Facial Expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00232.pdf)
>  Due to the subjective annotation and the inherent interclass similarity of facial expressions, one of key challenges in Facial Expression Recognition (FER) is the annotation ambiguity. In this paper, we proposes a solution, named DMUE, to address the problem of annotation ambiguity from two perspectives: the latent Distribution Mining and the pairwise Uncertainty Estimation. For the former, an auxiliary multi-branch learning framework is introduced to better mine and describe the latent distribution in the label space. For the latter, the pairwise relationship of semantic feature between instances are fully exploited to estimate the ambiguity extent in the instance space. The proposed method is independent to the backbone architectures, and brings no extra burden for inference. The experiments are conducted on the popular real-world benchmarks and the synthetic noisy datasets. Either way, the proposed DMUE stably achieves leading performance.      
### 67.Two-phase weakly supervised object detection with pseudo ground truth mining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00231.pdf)
>  Weakly Supervised Object Detection (WSOD), aiming to train detectors with only image-level dataset, has arisen increasing attention for researchers. In this project, we focus on two-phase WSOD architecture which integrates a powerful detector with a pure WSOD model. We explore the effectiveness of some representative detectors utilized as the second-phase detector in two-phase WSOD and propose a two-phase WSOD architecture. In addition, we present a strategy to establish the pseudo ground truth (PGT) used to train the second-phase detector. Unlike previous works that regard top one bounding boxes as PGT, we consider more bounding boxes to establish the PGT annotations. This alleviates the insufficient learning problem caused by the low recall of PGT. We also propose some strategies to refine the PGT during the training of the second detector. Our strategies suspend the training in specific epoch, then refine the PGT by the outputs of the second-phase detector. After that, the algorithm continues the training with the same gradients and weights as those before suspending. Elaborate experiments are conduceted on the PASCAL VOC 2007 dataset to verify the effectiveness of our methods. As results demonstrate, our two-phase architecture improves the mAP from 49.17% to 53.21% compared with the single PCL model. Additionally, the best PGT generation strategy obtains a 0.7% mAP increment. Our best refinement strategy boosts the performance by 1.74% mAP. The best results adopting all of our methods achieve 55.231% mAP which is the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 68.DF^2AM: Dual-level Feature Fusion and Affinity Modeling for RGB-Infrared Cross-modality Person Re-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00226.pdf)
>  RGB-infrared person re-identification is a challenging task due to the intra-class variations and cross-modality discrepancy. Existing works mainly focus on learning modality-shared global representations by aligning image styles or feature distributions across modalities, while local feature from body part and relationships between person images are largely neglected. In this paper, we propose a Dual-level (i.e., local and global) Feature Fusion (DF^2) module by learning attention for discriminative feature from local to global manner. In particular, the attention for a local feature is determined locally, i.e., applying a learned transformation function on itself. Meanwhile, to further mining the relationships between global features from person images, we propose an Affinities Modeling (AM) module to obtain the optimal intra- and inter-modality image matching. Specifically, AM employes intra-class compactness and inter-class separability in the sample similarities as supervised information to model the affinities between intra- and inter-modality samples. Experimental results show that our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-arts by large margins on two widely used cross-modality re-ID datasets SYSU-MM01 and RegDB, respectively.      
### 69.Embedded Self-Distillation in Compact Multi-Branch Ensemble Network for Remote Sensing Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00222.pdf)
>  Remote sensing (RS) image scene classification task faces many challenges due to the interference from different characteristics of different geographical elements. To solve this problem, we propose a multi-branch ensemble network to enhance the feature representation ability by fusing features in final output logits and intermediate feature maps. However, simply adding branches will increase the complexity of models and decline the inference efficiency. On this issue, we embed self-distillation (SD) method to transfer knowledge from ensemble network to main-branch in it. Through optimizing with SD, main-branch will have close performance as ensemble network. During inference, we can cut other branches to simplify the whole model. In this paper, we first design compact multi-branch ensemble network, which can be trained in an end-to-end manner. Then, we insert SD method on output logits and feature maps. Compared to previous methods, our proposed architecture (ESD-MBENet) performs strongly on classification accuracy with compact design. Extensive experiments are applied on three benchmark RS datasets AID, NWPU-RESISC45 and UC-Merced with three classic baseline models, VGG16, ResNet50 and DenseNet121. Results prove that our proposed ESD-MBENet can achieve better accuracy than previous state-of-the-art (SOTA) complex models. Moreover, abundant visualization analysis make our method more convincing and interpretable.      
### 70.Training Multi-bit Quantized and Binarized Networks with A Learnable Symmetric Quantizer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00210.pdf)
>  Quantizing weights and activations of deep neural networks is essential for deploying them in resource-constrained devices, or cloud platforms for at-scale services. While binarization is a special case of quantization, this extreme case often leads to several training difficulties, and necessitates specialized models and training methods. As a result, recent quantization methods do not provide binarization, thus losing the most resource-efficient option, and quantized and binarized networks have been distinct research areas. We examine binarization difficulties in a quantization framework and find that all we need to enable the binary training are a symmetric quantizer, good initialization, and careful hyperparameter selection. These techniques also lead to substantial improvements in multi-bit quantization. We demonstrate our unified quantization framework, denoted as UniQ, on the ImageNet dataset with various architectures such as ResNet-18,-34 and MobileNetV2. For multi-bit quantization, UniQ outperforms existing methods to achieve the state-of-the-art accuracy. In binarization, the achieved accuracy is comparable to existing state-of-the-art methods even without modifying the original architectures.      
### 71.Unsupervised Person Re-identification via Simultaneous Clustering and Consistency Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00202.pdf)
>  Unsupervised person re-identification (re-ID) has become an important topic due to its potential to resolve the scalability problem of supervised re-ID models. However, existing methods simply utilize pseudo labels from clustering for supervision and thus have not yet fully explored the semantic information in data itself, which limits representation capabilities of learned models. To address this problem, we design a pretext task for unsupervised re-ID by learning visual consistency from still images and temporal consistency during training process, such that the clustering network can separate the images into semantic clusters automatically. Specifically, the pretext task learns semantically meaningful representations by maximizing the agreement between two encoded views of the same image via a consistency loss in latent space. Meanwhile, we optimize the model by grouping the two encoded views into same cluster, thus enhancing the visual consistency between views. Experiments on Market-1501, DukeMTMC-reID and MSMT17 datasets demonstrate that our proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by large margins.      
### 72.Graph-Based Intercategory and Intermodality Network for Multilabel Classification and Melanoma Diagnosis of Skin Lesions in Dermoscopy and Clinical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00201.pdf)
>  The identification of melanoma involves an integrated analysis of skin lesion images acquired using the clinical and dermoscopy modalities. Dermoscopic images provide a detailed view of the subsurface visual structures that supplement the macroscopic clinical images. Melanoma diagnosis is commonly based on the 7-point visual category checklist (7PC). The 7PC contains intrinsic relationships between categories that can aid classification, such as shared features, correlations, and the contributions of categories towards diagnosis. Manual classification is subjective and prone to intra- and interobserver variability. This presents an opportunity for automated methods to improve diagnosis. Current state-of-the-art methods focus on a single image modality and ignore information from the other, or do not fully leverage the complementary information from both modalities. Further, there is not a method to exploit the intercategory relationships in the 7PC. In this study, we address these issues by proposing a graph-based intercategory and intermodality network (GIIN) with two modules. A graph-based relational module (GRM) leverages intercategorical relations, intermodal relations, and prioritises the visual structure details from dermoscopy by encoding category representations in a graph network. The category embedding learning module (CELM) captures representations that are specialised for each category and support the GRM. We show that our modules are effective at enhancing classification performance using a public dataset of dermoscopy-clinical images, and show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art at classifying the 7PC categories and diagnosis.      
### 73.TransMOT: Spatial-Temporal Graph Transformer for Multiple Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00194.pdf)
>  Tracking multiple objects in videos relies on modeling the spatial-temporal interactions of the objects. In this paper, we propose a solution named TransMOT, which leverages powerful graph transformers to efficiently model the spatial and temporal interactions among the objects. TransMOT effectively models the interactions of a large number of objects by arranging the trajectories of the tracked objects as a set of sparse weighted graphs, and constructing a spatial graph transformer encoder layer, a temporal transformer encoder layer, and a spatial graph transformer decoder layer based on the graphs. TransMOT is not only more computationally efficient than the traditional Transformer, but it also achieves better tracking accuracy. To further improve the tracking speed and accuracy, we propose a cascade association framework to handle low-score detections and long-term occlusions that require large computational resources to model in TransMOT. The proposed method is evaluated on multiple benchmark datasets including MOT15, MOT16, MOT17, and MOT20, and it achieves state-of-the-art performance on all the datasets.      
### 74.Less is More: Accelerating Faster Neural Networks Straight from JPEG  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00185.pdf)
>  Most image data available are often stored in a compressed format, from which JPEG is the most widespread. To feed this data on a convolutional neural network (CNN), a preliminary decoding process is required to obtain RGB pixels, demanding a high computational load and memory usage. For this reason, the design of CNNs for processing JPEG compressed data has gained attention in recent years. In most existing works, typical CNN architectures are adapted to facilitate the learning with the DCT coefficients rather than RGB pixels. Although they are effective, their architectural changes either raise the computational costs or neglect relevant information from DCT inputs. In this paper, we examine different ways of speeding up CNNs designed for DCT inputs, exploiting learning strategies to reduce the computational complexity by taking full advantage of DCT inputs. Our experiments were conducted on the ImageNet dataset. Results show that learning how to combine all DCT inputs in a data-driven fashion is better than discarding them by hand, and its combination with a reduction of layers has proven to be effective for reducing the computational costs while retaining accuracy.      
### 75.Selective Feature Compression for Efficient Activity Recognition Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00179.pdf)
>  Most action recognition solutions rely on dense sampling to precisely cover the informative temporal clip. Extensively searching temporal region is expensive for a real-world application. In this work, we focus on improving the inference efficiency of current action recognition backbones on trimmed videos, and illustrate that one action model can also cover then informative region by dropping non-informative features. We present Selective Feature Compression (SFC), an action recognition inference strategy that greatly increase model inference efficiency without any accuracy compromise. Differently from previous works that compress kernel sizes and decrease the channel dimension, we propose to compress feature flow at spatio-temporal dimension without changing any backbone parameters. Our experiments on Kinetics-400, UCF101 and ActivityNet show that SFC is able to reduce inference speed by 6-7x and memory usage by 5-6x compared with the commonly used 30 crops dense sampling procedure, while also slightly improving Top1 Accuracy. We thoroughly quantitatively and qualitatively evaluate SFC and all its components and show how does SFC learn to attend to important video regions and to drop temporal features that are uninformative for the task of action recognition.      
### 76.Visual Attention in Imaginative Agents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00177.pdf)
>  We present a recurrent agent who perceives surroundings through a series of discrete fixations. At each timestep, the agent imagines a variety of plausible scenes consistent with the fixation history. The next fixation is planned using uncertainty in the content of the imagined scenes. As time progresses, the agent becomes more certain about the content of the surrounding, and the variety in the imagined scenes reduces. The agent is built using a variational autoencoder and normalizing flows, and trained in an unsupervised manner on a proxy task of scene-reconstruction. The latent representations of the imagined scenes are found to be useful for performing pixel-level and scene-level tasks by higher-order modules. The agent is tested on various 2D and 3D datasets.      
### 77.Improved and efficient inter-vehicle distance estimation using road gradients of both ego and target vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00169.pdf)
>  In advanced driver assistant systems and autonomous driving, it is crucial to estimate distances between an ego vehicle and target vehicles. Existing inter-vehicle distance estimation methods assume that the ego and target vehicles drive on a same ground plane. In practical driving environments, however, they may drive on different ground planes. This paper proposes an inter-vehicle distance estimation framework that can consider slope changes of a road forward, by estimating road gradients of \emph{both} ego vehicle and target vehicles and using a 2D object detection deep net. Numerical experiments demonstrate that the proposed method significantly improves the distance estimation accuracy and time complexity, compared to deep learning-based depth estimation methods.      
### 78.Scalable Visual Attribute Extraction through Hidden Layers of a Residual ConvNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00161.pdf)
>  Visual attributes play an essential role in real applications based on image retrieval. For instance, the extraction of attributes from images allows an eCommerce search engine to produce retrieval results with higher precision. The traditional manner to build an attribute extractor is by training a convnet-based classifier with a fixed number of classes. However, this approach does not scale for real applications where the number of attributes changes frequently. Therefore in this work, we propose an approach for extracting visual attributes from images, leveraging the learned capability of the hidden layers of a general convolutional network to discriminate among different visual features. We run experiments with a resnet-50 trained on Imagenet, on which we evaluate the output of its different blocks to discriminate between colors and textures. Our results show that the second block of the resnet is appropriate for discriminating colors, while the fourth block can be used for textures. In both cases, the achieved accuracy of attribute classification is superior to 93%. We also show that the proposed embeddings form local structures in the underlying feature space, which makes it possible to apply reduction techniques like UMAP, maintaining high accuracy and widely reducing the size of the feature space.      
### 79.Full Surround Monodepth from Multiple Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00152.pdf)
>  Self-supervised monocular depth and ego-motion estimation is a promising approach to replace or supplement expensive depth sensors such as LiDAR for robotics applications like autonomous driving. However, most research in this area focuses on a single monocular camera or stereo pairs that cover only a fraction of the scene around the vehicle. In this work, we extend monocular self-supervised depth and ego-motion estimation to large-baseline multi-camera rigs. Using generalized spatio-temporal contexts, pose consistency constraints, and carefully designed photometric loss masking, we learn a single network generating dense, consistent, and scale-aware point clouds that cover the same full surround 360 degree field of view as a typical LiDAR scanner. We also propose a new scale-consistent evaluation metric more suitable to multi-camera settings. Experiments on two challenging benchmarks illustrate the benefits of our approach over strong baselines.      
### 80.Drowsiness Detection Based On Driver Temporal Behavior Using a New Developed Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00125.pdf)
>  Driver drowsiness detection has been the subject of many researches in the past few decades and various methods have been developed to detect it. In this study, as an image-based approach with adequate accuracy, along with the expedite process, we applied YOLOv3 (You Look Only Once-version3) CNN (Convolutional Neural Network) for extracting facial features automatically. Then, LSTM (Long-Short Term Memory) neural network is employed to learn driver temporal behaviors including yawning and blinking time period as well as sequence classification. To train YOLOv3, we utilized our collected dataset alongside the transfer learning method. Moreover, the dataset for the LSTM training process is produced by the mentioned CNN and is formatted as a two-dimensional sequence comprised of eye blinking and yawning time durations. The developed dataset considers both disturbances such as illumination and drivers' head posture. To have real-time experiments a multi-thread framework is developed to run both CNN and LSTM in parallel. Finally, results indicate the hybrid of CNN and LSTM ability in drowsiness detection and the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 81.Analysis on Image Set Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00107.pdf)
>  We tackle the challenge of Visual Question Answering in multi-image setting for the ISVQA dataset. Traditional VQA tasks have focused on a single-image setting where the target answer is generated from a single image. Image set VQA, however, comprises of a set of images and requires finding connection between images, relate the objects across images based on these connections and generate a unified answer. In this report, we work with 4 approaches in a bid to improve the performance on the task. We analyse and compare our results with three baseline models - LXMERT, HME-VideoQA and VisualBERT - and show that our approaches can provide a slight improvement over the baselines. In specific, we try to improve on the spatial awareness of the model and help the model identify color using enhanced pre-training, reduce language dependence using adversarial regularization, and improve counting using regression loss and graph based deduplication. We further delve into an in-depth analysis on the language bias in the ISVQA dataset and show how models trained on ISVQA implicitly learn to associate language more strongly with the final answer.      
### 82.MR Slice Profile Estimation by Learning to Match Internal Patch Distributions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00100.pdf)
>  To super-resolve the through-plane direction of a multi-slice 2D magnetic resonance (MR) image, its slice selection profile can be used as the degeneration model from high resolution (HR) to low resolution (LR) to create paired data when training a supervised algorithm. Existing super-resolution algorithms make assumptions about the slice selection profile since it is not readily known for a given image. In this work, we estimate a slice selection profile given a specific image by learning to match its internal patch distributions. Specifically, we assume that after applying the correct slice selection profile, the image patch distribution along HR in-plane directions should match the distribution along the LR through-plane direction. Therefore, we incorporate the estimation of a slice selection profile as part of learning a generator in a generative adversarial network (GAN). In this way, the slice selection profile can be learned without any external data. Our algorithm was tested using simulations from isotropic MR images, incorporated in a through-plane super-resolution algorithm to demonstrate its benefits, and also used as a tool to measure image resolution. Our code is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shuohan/espreso2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 83.LIFT-SLAM: a deep-learning feature-based monocular visual SLAM method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00099.pdf)
>  The Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) problem addresses the possibility of a robot to localize itself in an unknown environment and simultaneously build a consistent map of this environment. Recently, cameras have been successfully used to get the environment's features to perform SLAM, which is referred to as visual SLAM (VSLAM). However, classical VSLAM algorithms can be easily induced to fail when either the motion of the robot or the environment is too challenging. Although new approaches based on Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have achieved promising results in VSLAM, they still are unable to outperform traditional methods. To leverage the robustness of deep learning to enhance traditional VSLAM systems, we propose to combine the potential of deep learning-based feature descriptors with the traditional geometry-based VSLAM, building a new VSLAM system called LIFT-SLAM. Experiments conducted on KITTI and Euroc datasets show that deep learning can be used to improve the performance of traditional VSLAM systems, as the proposed approach was able to achieve results comparable to the state-of-the-art while being robust to sensorial noise. We enhance the proposed VSLAM pipeline by avoiding parameter tuning for specific datasets with an adaptive approach while evaluating how transfer learning can affect the quality of the features extracted.      
### 84.A comparative evaluation of learned feature descriptors on hybrid monocular visual SLAM methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00085.pdf)
>  Classical Visual Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (VSLAM) algorithms can be easily induced to fail when either the robot's motion or the environment is too challenging. The use of Deep Neural Networks to enhance VSLAM algorithms has recently achieved promising results, which we call hybrid methods. In this paper, we compare the performance of hybrid monocular VSLAM methods with different learned feature descriptors. To this end, we propose a set of experiments to evaluate the robustness of the algorithms under different environments, camera motion, and camera sensor noise. Experiments conducted on KITTI and Euroc MAV datasets confirm that learned feature descriptors can create more robust VSLAM systems.      
### 85.FAPIS: A Few-shot Anchor-free Part-based Instance Segmenter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00073.pdf)
>  This paper is about few-shot instance segmentation, where training and test image sets do not share the same object classes. We specify and evaluate a new few-shot anchor-free part-based instance segmenter FAPIS. Our key novelty is in explicit modeling of latent object parts shared across training object classes, which is expected to facilitate our few-shot learning on new classes in testing. We specify a new anchor-free object detector aimed at scoring and regressing locations of foreground bounding boxes, as well as estimating relative importance of latent parts within each box. Also, we specify a new network for delineating and weighting latent parts for the final instance segmentation within every detected bounding box. Our evaluation on the benchmark COCO-20i dataset demonstrates that we significantly outperform the state of the art.      
### 86.Passive Inter-Photon Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00059.pdf)
>  Digital camera pixels measure image intensities by converting incident light energy into an analog electrical current, and then digitizing it into a fixed-width binary representation. This direct measurement method, while conceptually simple, suffers from limited dynamic range and poor performance under extreme illumination -- electronic noise dominates under low illumination, and pixel full-well capacity results in saturation under bright illumination. We propose a novel intensity cue based on measuring inter-photon timing, defined as the time delay between detection of successive photons. Based on the statistics of inter-photon times measured by a time-resolved single-photon sensor, we develop theory and algorithms for a scene brightness estimator which works over extreme dynamic range; we experimentally demonstrate imaging scenes with a dynamic range of over ten million to one. The proposed techniques, aided by the emergence of single-photon sensors such as single-photon avalanche diodes (SPADs) with picosecond timing resolution, will have implications for a wide range of imaging applications: robotics, consumer photography, astronomy, microscopy and biomedical imaging.      
### 87.NetAdaptV2: Efficient Neural Architecture Search with Fast Super-Network Training and Architecture Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00031.pdf)
>  Neural architecture search (NAS) typically consists of three main steps: training a super-network, training and evaluating sampled deep neural networks (DNNs), and training the discovered DNN. Most of the existing efforts speed up some steps at the cost of a significant slowdown of other steps or sacrificing the support of non-differentiable search metrics. The unbalanced reduction in the time spent per step limits the total search time reduction, and the inability to support non-differentiable search metrics limits the performance of discovered DNNs. <br>In this paper, we present NetAdaptV2 with three innovations to better balance the time spent for each step while supporting non-differentiable search metrics. First, we propose channel-level bypass connections that merge network depth and layer width into a single search dimension to reduce the time for training and evaluating sampled DNNs. Second, ordered dropout is proposed to train multiple DNNs in a single forward-backward pass to decrease the time for training a super-network. Third, we propose the multi-layer coordinate descent optimizer that considers the interplay of multiple layers in each iteration of optimization to improve the performance of discovered DNNs while supporting non-differentiable search metrics. With these innovations, NetAdaptV2 reduces the total search time by up to $5.8\times$ on ImageNet and $2.4\times$ on NYU Depth V2, respectively, and discovers DNNs with better accuracy-latency/accuracy-MAC trade-offs than state-of-the-art NAS works. Moreover, the discovered DNN outperforms NAS-discovered MobileNetV3 by 1.8% higher top-1 accuracy with the same latency. The project website is <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://netadapt.mit.edu" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 88.RetrievalFuse: Neural 3D Scene Reconstruction with a Database  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00024.pdf)
>  3D reconstruction of large scenes is a challenging problem due to the high-complexity nature of the solution space, in particular for generative neural networks. In contrast to traditional generative learned models which encode the full generative process into a neural network and can struggle with maintaining local details at the scene level, we introduce a new method that directly leverages scene geometry from the training database. First, we learn to synthesize an initial estimate for a 3D scene, constructed by retrieving a top-k set of volumetric chunks from the scene database. These candidates are then refined to a final scene generation with an attention-based refinement that can effectively select the most consistent set of geometry from the candidates and combine them together to create an output scene, facilitating transfer of coherent structures and local detail from train scene geometry. We demonstrate our neural scene reconstruction with a database for the tasks of 3D super resolution and surface reconstruction from sparse point clouds, showing that our approach enables generation of more coherent, accurate 3D scenes, improving on average by over 8% in IoU over state-of-the-art scene reconstruction.      
### 89.Is Label Smoothing Truly Incompatible with Knowledge Distillation: An Empirical Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00676.pdf)
>  This work aims to empirically clarify a recently discovered perspective that label smoothing is incompatible with knowledge distillation. We begin by introducing the motivation behind on how this incompatibility is raised, i.e., label smoothing erases relative information between teacher logits. We provide a novel connection on how label smoothing affects distributions of semantically similar and dissimilar classes. Then we propose a metric to quantitatively measure the degree of erased information in sample's representation. After that, we study its one-sidedness and imperfection of the incompatibility view through massive analyses, visualizations and comprehensive experiments on Image Classification, Binary Networks, and Neural Machine Translation. Finally, we broadly discuss several circumstances wherein label smoothing will indeed lose its effectiveness. Project page: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://zhiqiangshen.com/projects/LS_and_KD/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 90.Deep Multi-Resolution Dictionary Learning for Histopathology Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00669.pdf)
>  The problem of recognizing various types of tissues present in multi-gigapixel histology images is an important fundamental pre-requisite for downstream analysis of the tumor microenvironment in a bottom-up analysis paradigm for computational pathology. In this paper, we propose a deep dictionary learning approach to solve the problem of tissue phenotyping in histology images. We propose deep Multi-Resolution Dictionary Learning (deepMRDL) in order to benefit from deep texture descriptors at multiple different spatial resolutions. We show the efficacy of the proposed approach through extensive experiments on four benchmark histology image datasets from different organs (colorectal cancer, breast cancer and breast lymphnodes) and tasks (namely, cancer grading, tissue phenotyping, tumor detection and tissue type classification). We also show that the proposed framework can employ most off-the-shelf CNNs models to generate effective deep texture descriptors.      
### 91.Latent Variable Nested Set Transformers &amp; AutoBots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00563.pdf)
>  Humans have the innate ability to attend to the most relevant actors in their vicinity and can forecast how they may behave in the future. This ability will be crucial for the deployment of safety-critical agents such as robots or vehicles which interact with humans. We propose a theoretical framework for this problem setting based on autoregressively modelling sequences of nested sets, using latent variables to better capture multimodal distributions over future sets of sets. We present a new model architecture which we call a Nested Set Transformer which employs multi-head self-attention blocks over sets of sets that serve as a form of social attention between the elements of the sets at every timestep. Our approach can produce a distribution over future trajectories for all agents under consideration, or focus upon the trajectory of an ego-agent. We validate the Nested Set Transformer for autonomous driving settings which we refer to as ("AutoBot"), where we model the trajectory of an ego-agent based on the sequential observations of key attributes of multiple agents in a scene. AutoBot produces results better than state-of-the-art published prior work on the challenging nuScenes vehicle trajectory modeling benchmark. We also examine the multi-agent prediction version of our model and jointly forecast an ego-agent's future trajectory along with the other agents in the scene. We validate the behavior of our proposed Nested Set Transformer for scene level forecasting with a pedestrian trajectory dataset.      
### 92.Extending Neural P-frame Codecs for B-frame Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00531.pdf)
>  While most neural video codecs address P-frame coding (predicting each frame from past ones), in this paper we address B-frame compression (predicting frames using both past and future reference frames). Our B-frame solution is based on the existing P-frame methods. As a result, B-frame coding capability can easily be added to an existing neural codec. The basic idea of our B-frame coding method is to interpolate the two reference frames to generate a single reference frame and then use it together with an existing P-frame codec to encode the input B-frame. Our studies show that the interpolated frame is a much better reference for the P-frame codec compared to using the previous frame as is usually done. Our results show that using the proposed method with an existing P-frame codec can lead to 28.5%saving in bit-rate on the UVG dataset compared to the P-frame codec while generating the same video quality.      
### 93.OutlierNets: Highly Compact Deep Autoencoder Network Architectures for On-Device Acoustic Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00528.pdf)
>  Human operators often diagnose industrial machinery via anomalous sounds. Automated acoustic anomaly detection can lead to reliable maintenance of machinery. However, deep learning-driven anomaly detection methods often require an extensive amount of computational resources which prohibits their deployment in factories. Here we explore a machine-driven design exploration strategy to create OutlierNets, a family of highly compact deep convolutional autoencoder network architectures featuring as few as 686 parameters, model sizes as small as 2.7 KB, and as low as 2.8 million FLOPs, with a detection accuracy matching or exceeding published architectures with as many as 4 million parameters. Furthermore, CPU-accelerated latency experiments show that the OutlierNet architectures can achieve as much as 21x lower latency than published networks.      
### 94.Touch-based Curiosity for Sparse-Reward Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00442.pdf)
>  Robots in many real-world settings have access to force/torque sensors in their gripper and tactile sensing is often necessary in tasks that involve contact-rich motion. In this work, we leverage surprise from mismatches in touch feedback to guide exploration in hard sparse-reward reinforcement learning tasks. Our approach, Touch-based Curiosity (ToC), learns what visible objects interactions are supposed to "feel" like. We encourage exploration by rewarding interactions where the expectation and the experience don't match. In our proposed method, an initial task-independent exploration phase is followed by an on-task learning phase, in which the original interactions are relabeled with on-task rewards. We test our approach on a range of touch-intensive robot arm tasks (e.g. pushing objects, opening doors), which we also release as part of this work. Across multiple experiments in a simulated setting, we demonstrate that our method is able to learn these difficult tasks through sparse reward and curiosity alone. We compare our cross-modal approach to single-modality (touch- or vision-only) approaches as well as other curiosity-based methods and find that our method performs better and is more sample-efficient.      
### 95.Explaining COVID-19 and Thoracic Pathology Model Predictions by Identifying Informative Input Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00411.pdf)
>  Neural networks have demonstrated remarkable performance in classification and regression tasks on chest X-rays. In order to establish trust in the clinical routine, the networks' prediction mechanism needs to be interpretable. One principal approach to interpretation is feature attribution. Feature attribution methods identify the importance of input features for the output prediction. Building on Information Bottleneck Attribution (IBA) method, for each prediction we identify the chest X-ray regions that have high mutual information with the network's output. Original IBA identifies input regions that have sufficient predictive information. We propose Inverse IBA to identify all informative regions. Thus all predictive cues for pathologies are highlighted on the X-rays, a desirable property for chest X-ray diagnosis. Moreover, we propose Regression IBA for explaining regression models. Using Regression IBA we observe that a model trained on cumulative severity score labels implicitly learns the severity of different X-ray regions. Finally, we propose Multi-layer IBA to generate higher resolution and more detailed attribution/saliency maps. We evaluate our methods using both human-centric (ground-truth-based) interpretability metrics, and human-independent feature importance metrics on NIH Chest X-ray8 and BrixIA datasets. The Code is publicly available.      
### 96.Avalanche: an End-to-End Library for Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00405.pdf)
>  Learning continually from non-stationary data streams is a long-standing goal and a challenging problem in machine learning. Recently, we have witnessed a renewed and fast-growing interest in continual learning, especially within the deep learning community. However, algorithmic solutions are often difficult to re-implement, evaluate and port across different settings, where even results on standard benchmarks are hard to reproduce. In this work, we propose Avalanche, an open-source end-to-end library for continual learning research based on PyTorch. Avalanche is designed to provide a shared and collaborative codebase for fast prototyping, training, and reproducible evaluation of continual learning algorithms.      
### 97.Commonsense Spatial Reasoning for Visually Intelligent Agents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00387.pdf)
>  Service robots are expected to reliably make sense of complex, fast-changing environments. From a cognitive standpoint, they need the appropriate reasoning capabilities and background knowledge required to exhibit human-like Visual Intelligence. In particular, our prior work has shown that the ability to reason about spatial relations between objects in the world is a key requirement for the development of Visually Intelligent Agents. In this paper, we present a framework for commonsense spatial reasoning which is tailored to real-world robotic applications. Differently from prior approaches to qualitative spatial reasoning, the proposed framework is robust to variations in the robot's viewpoint and object orientation. The spatial relations in the proposed framework are also mapped to the types of commonsense predicates used to describe typical object configurations in English. In addition, we also show how this formally-defined framework can be implemented in a concrete spatial database.      
### 98.Federated Few-Shot Learning with Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00365.pdf)
>  We are interested in developing a unified machine learning model over many mobile devices for practical learning tasks, where each device only has very few training data. This is a commonly encountered situation in mobile computing scenarios, where data is scarce and distributed while the tasks are distinct. In this paper, we propose a federated few-shot learning (FedFSL) framework to learn a few-shot classification model that can classify unseen data classes with only a few labeled samples. With the federated learning strategy, FedFSL can utilize many data sources while keeping data privacy and communication efficiency. There are two technical challenges: 1) directly using the existing federated learning approach may lead to misaligned decision boundaries produced by client models, and 2) constraining the decision boundaries to be similar over clients would overfit to training tasks but not adapt well to unseen tasks. To address these issues, we propose to regularize local updates by minimizing the divergence of client models. We also formulate the training in an adversarial fashion and optimize the client models to produce a discriminative feature space that can better represent unseen data samples. We demonstrate the intuitions and conduct experiments to show our approaches outperform baselines by more than 10% in learning vision tasks and 5% in language tasks.      
### 99.SpectralNET: Exploring Spatial-Spectral WaveletCNN for Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00341.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral Image (HSI) classification using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) is widely found in the current literature. Approaches vary from using SVMs to 2D CNNs, 3D CNNs, 3D-2D CNNs. Besides 3D-2D CNNs and FuSENet, the other approaches do not consider both the spectral and spatial features together for HSI classification task, thereby resulting in poor performances. 3D CNNs are computationally heavy and are not widely used, while 2D CNNs do not consider multi-resolution processing of images, and only limits itself to the spatial features. Even though 3D-2D CNNs try to model the spectral and spatial features their performance seems limited when applied over multiple dataset. In this article, we propose SpectralNET, a wavelet CNN, which is a variation of 2D CNN for multi-resolution HSI classification. A wavelet CNN uses layers of wavelet transform to bring out spectral features. Computing a wavelet transform is lighter than computing 3D CNN. The spectral features extracted are then connected to the 2D CNN which bring out the spatial features, thereby creating a spatial-spectral feature vector for classification. Overall a better model is achieved that can classify multi-resolution HSI data with high accuracy. Experiments performed with SpectralNET on benchmark dataset, i.e. Indian Pines, University of Pavia, and Salinas Scenes confirm the superiority of proposed SpectralNET with respect to the state-of-the-art methods. The code is publicly available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tanmay-ty/SpectralNET" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 100.High-quality Low-dose CT Reconstruction Using Convolutional Neural Networks with Spatial and Channel Squeeze and Excitation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00325.pdf)
>  Low-dose computed tomography (CT) allows the reduction of radiation risk in clinical applications at the expense of image quality, which deteriorates the diagnosis accuracy of radiologists. In this work, we present a High-Quality Imaging network (HQINet) for the CT image reconstruction from Low-dose computed tomography (CT) acquisitions. HQINet was a convolutional encoder-decoder architecture, where the encoder was used to extract spatial and temporal information from three contiguous slices while the decoder was used to recover the spacial information of the middle slice. We provide experimental results on the real projection data from low-dose CT Image and Projection Data (LDCT-and-Projection-data), demonstrating that the proposed approach yielded a notable improvement of the performance in terms of image quality, with a rise of 5.5dB in terms of peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) and 0.29 in terms of mutual information (MI).      
### 101.Domain Invariant Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00322.pdf)
>  The discovery of adversarial examples revealed one of the most basic vulnerabilities of deep neural networks. Among the variety of techniques introduced to tackle this inherent weakness, adversarial training was shown to be the most common and efficient strategy to achieve robustness. It is usually done by balancing the robust and natural losses. In this work, we aim to achieve better trade-off between robust and natural performances by enforcing a domain invariant feature representation. We present a new adversarial training method, called Domain Invariant Adversarial Learning (DIAL) that learns a feature representation which is both robust and domain invariant. DIAL uses a variant of Domain Adversarial Neural Network (DANN) on the natural domain and its corresponding adversarial domain. In a case where the source domain consists of natural examples and the target domain is the adversarially perturbed examples, our method learns a feature representation constrained not to discriminate between the natural and adversarial examples, and can therefore achieve better representation. We demonstrate our advantage by improving both robustness and natural accuracy compared to current state-of-the-art adversarial training methods.      
### 102.Learning Deep Latent Subspaces for Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00253.pdf)
>  Heterogeneity exists in most camera images. This heterogeneity manifests itself across the image space as varied Moire ringing, motion-blur, color-bleaching or lens based projection distortions. Moreover, combinations of these image artifacts can be present in small or large pixel neighborhoods, within an acquired image. Current camera image processing pipelines, including deep trained versions, tend to rectify the issue applying a single filter that is homogeneously applied to the entire image. This is also particularly true when an encoder-decoder type deep architecture is trained for the task. In this paper, we present a structured deep learning model that solves the heterogeneous image artifact filtering problem. We call our deep trained model the Patch Subspace Variational Autoencoder (PS-VAE) for Camera ISP. PS-VAE does not necessarily assume uniform image distortion levels nor similar artifact types within the image. Rather, our model attempts to learn to cluster different patches extracted from images into artifact type and distortion levels, within multiple latent subspaces (e.g. Moire ringing artifacts are often a higher dimensional latent distortion than a Gaussian motion blur artifact). Each image's patches are encoded into soft-clusters in their appropriate latent sub-space, using a prior mixture model. The decoders of the PS-VAE are also trained in an unsupervised manner for each of the image patches in each soft-cluster. Our experimental results demonstrates the flexibility and performance that one can achieve through improved heterogeneous filtering. We compare our results to a conventional one-encoder-one-decoder architecture.      
### 103.Fusing RGBD Tracking and Segmentation Tree Sampling for Multi-Hypothesis Volumetric Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00205.pdf)
>  Despite rapid progress in scene segmentation in recent years, 3D segmentation methods are still limited when there is severe occlusion. The key challenge is estimating the segment boundaries of (partially) occluded objects, which are inherently ambiguous when considering only a single frame. In this work, we propose Multihypothesis Segmentation Tracking (MST), a novel method for volumetric segmentation in changing scenes, which allows scene ambiguity to be tracked and our estimates to be adjusted over time as we interact with the scene. Two main innovations allow us to tackle this difficult problem: 1) A novel way to sample possible segmentations from a segmentation tree; and 2) A novel approach to fusing tracking results with multiple segmentation estimates. These methods allow MST to track the segmentation state over time and incorporate new information, such as new objects being revealed. We evaluate our method on several cluttered tabletop environments in simulation and reality. Our results show that MST outperforms baselines in all tested scenes.      
### 104.An Energy-Efficient Quad-Camera Visual System for Autonomous Machines on FPGA Platform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00192.pdf)
>  In our past few years' of commercial deployment experiences, we identify localization as a critical task in autonomous machine applications, and a great acceleration target. In this paper, based on the observation that the visual frontend is a major performance and energy consumption bottleneck, we present our design and implementation of an energy-efficient hardware architecture for ORB (Oriented-Fast and Rotated- BRIEF) based localization system on FPGAs. To support our multi-sensor autonomous machine localization system, we present hardware synchronization, frame-multiplexing, and parallelization techniques, which are integrated in our design. Compared to Nvidia TX1 and Intel i7, our FPGA-based implementation achieves 5.6x and 3.4x speedup, as well as 3.0x and 34.6x power reduction, respectively.      
### 105.An Investigation of Critical Issues in Bias Mitigation Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00170.pdf)
>  A critical problem in deep learning is that systems learn inappropriate biases, resulting in their inability to perform well on minority groups. This has led to the creation of multiple algorithms that endeavor to mitigate bias. However, it is not clear how effective these methods are. This is because study protocols differ among papers, systems are tested on datasets that fail to test many forms of bias, and systems have access to hidden knowledge or are tuned specifically to the test set. To address this, we introduce an improved evaluation protocol, sensible metrics, and a new dataset, which enables us to ask and answer critical questions about bias mitigation algorithms. We evaluate seven state-of-the-art algorithms using the same network architecture and hyperparameter selection policy across three benchmark datasets. We introduce a new dataset called Biased MNIST that enables assessment of robustness to multiple bias sources. We use Biased MNIST and a visual question answering (VQA) benchmark to assess robustness to hidden biases. Rather than only tuning to the test set distribution, we study robustness across different tuning distributions, which is critical because for many applications the test distribution may not be known during development. We find that algorithms exploit hidden biases, are unable to scale to multiple forms of bias, and are highly sensitive to the choice of tuning set. Based on our findings, we implore the community to adopt more rigorous assessment of future bias mitigation methods. All data, code, and results are publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/erobic/bias-mitigators" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 106.State-of-the-art segmentation network fooled to segment a heart symbol in chest X-Ray images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00139.pdf)
>  Adversarial attacks consist in maliciously changing the input data to mislead the predictions of automated decision systems and are potentially a serious threat for automated medical image analysis. Previous studies have shown that it is possible to adversarially manipulate automated segmentations produced by neural networks in a targeted manner in the white-box attack setting. In this article, we studied the effectiveness of adversarial attacks in targeted modification of segmentations of anatomical structures in chest X-rays. Firstly, we experimented with using anatomically implausible shapes as targets for adversarial manipulation. We showed that, by adding almost imperceptible noise to the image, we can reliably force state-of-the-art neural networks to segment the heart as a heart symbol instead of its real anatomical shape. Moreover, such heart-shaping attack did not appear to require higher adversarial noise level than an untargeted attack based the same attack method. Secondly, we attempted to explore the limits of adversarial manipulation of segmentations. For that, we assessed the effectiveness of shrinking and enlarging segmentation contours for the three anatomical structures. We observed that adversarially extending segmentations of structures into regions with intensity and texture uncharacteristic for them presented a challenge to our attacks, as well as, in some cases, changing segmentations in ways that conflict with class adjacency priors learned by the target network. Additionally, we evaluated performances of the untargeted attacks and targeted heart attacks in the black-box attack scenario, using a surrogate network trained on a different subset of images. In both cases, the attacks were substantially less effective. We believe these findings bring novel insights into the current capabilities and limits of adversarial attacks for semantic segmentation.      
### 107.Rapid quantification of COVID-19 pneumonia burden from computed tomography with convolutional LSTM networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00138.pdf)
>  Quantitative lung measures derived from computed tomography (CT) have been demonstrated to improve prognostication in coronavirus disease (COVID-19) patients, but are not part of the clinical routine since required manual segmentation of lung lesions is prohibitively time-consuming. We propose a new fully automated deep learning framework for rapid quantification and differentiation between lung lesions in COVID-19 pneumonia from both contrast and non-contrast CT images using convolutional Long Short-Term Memory (ConvLSTM) networks. Utilizing the expert annotations, model training was performed 5 times with separate hold-out sets using 5-fold cross-validation to segment ground-glass opacity and high opacity (including consolidation and pleural effusion). The performance of the method was evaluated on CT data sets from 197 patients with positive reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction test result for SARS-CoV-2. Strong agreement between expert manual and automatic segmentation was obtained for lung lesions with a Dice score coefficient of 0.876 $\pm$ 0.005; excellent correlations of 0.978 and 0.981 for ground-glass opacity and high opacity volumes. In the external validation set of 67 patients, there was dice score coefficient of 0.767 $\pm$ 0.009 as well as excellent correlations of 0.989 and 0.996 for ground-glass opacity and high opacity volumes. Computations for a CT scan comprising 120 slices were performed under 2 seconds on a personal computer equipped with NVIDIA Titan RTX graphics processing unit. Therefore, our deep learning-based method allows rapid fully-automated quantitative measurement of pneumonia burden from CT and may generate results with an accuracy similar to the expert readers.      
### 108.Hierarchical Road Topology Learning for Urban Map-less Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.00084.pdf)
>  The majority of current approaches in autonomous driving rely on High-Definition (HD) maps which detail the road geometry and surrounding area. Yet, this reliance is one of the obstacles to mass deployment of autonomous vehicles due to poor scalability of such prior maps. In this paper, we tackle the problem of online road map extraction via leveraging the sensory system aboard the vehicle itself. To this end, we design a structured model where a graph representation of the road network is generated in a hierarchical fashion within a fully convolutional network. The method is able to handle complex road topology and does not require a user in the loop.      
