# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 25 Jun 2019
### 1.GANalyze: Toward Visual Definitions of Cognitive Image Properties  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10112.pdf)
>  We introduce a framework that uses Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) to study cognitive properties like memorability, aesthetics, and emotional valence. These attributes are of interest because we do not have a concrete visual definition of what they entail. What does it look like for a dog to be more or less memorable? GANs allow us to generate a manifold of natural-looking images with fine-grained differences in their visual attributes. By navigating this manifold in directions that increase memorability, we can visualize what it looks like for a particular generated image to become more or less memorable. The resulting ``visual definitions" surface image properties (like ``object size") that may underlie memorability. Through behavioral experiments, we verify that our method indeed discovers image manipulations that causally affect human memory performance. We further demonstrate that the same framework can be used to analyze image aesthetics and emotional valence. Visit the GANalyze website at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://ganalyze.csail.mit.edu/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 2.CMRNet: Camera to LiDAR-Map Registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10109.pdf)
>  In this paper we present CMRNet, a realtime approach based on a Convolutional Neural Network to localize an RGB image of a scene in a map built from LiDAR data. Our network is not trained on the working area, i.e. CMRNet does not learn the map. Instead it learns to match an image to the map. We validate our approach on the KITTI dataset, processing each frame independently without any tracking procedure. CMRNet achieves 0.26m and 1.05deg median localization accuracy on the sequence 00 of the odometry dataset, starting from a rough pose estimate displaced up to 3.5m and 17deg. To the best of our knowledge this is the first CNN-based approach that learns to match images from a monocular camera to a given, preexisting 3D LiDAR-map. 
### 3.Remote Estimation of Free-Flow Speeds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10104.pdf)
>  We propose an automated method to estimate a road segment's free-flow speed from overhead imagery and road metadata. The free-flow speed of a road segment is the average observed vehicle speed in ideal conditions, without congestion or adverse weather. Standard practice for estimating free-flow speeds depends on several road attributes, including grade, curve, and width of the right of way. Unfortunately, many of these fine-grained labels are not always readily available and are costly to manually annotate. To compensate, our model uses a small, easy to obtain subset of road features along with aerial imagery to directly estimate free-flow speed with a deep convolutional neural network (CNN). We evaluate our approach on a large dataset, and demonstrate that using imagery alone performs nearly as well as the road features and that the combination of imagery with road features leads to the highest accuracy. 
### 4.LMVP: Video Predictor with Leaked Motion Information  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10101.pdf)
>  We propose a Leaked Motion Video Predictor (LMVP) to predict future frames by capturing the spatial and temporal dependencies from given inputs. The motion is modeled by a newly proposed component, motion guider, which plays the role of both learner and teacher. Specifically, it {\em learns} the temporal features from real data and {\em guides} the generator to predict future frames. The spatial consistency in video is modeled by an adaptive filtering network. To further ensure the spatio-temporal consistency of the prediction, a discriminator is also adopted to distinguish the real and generated frames. Further, the discriminator leaks information to the motion guider and the generator to help the learning of motion. The proposed LMVP can effectively learn the static and temporal features in videos without the need for human labeling. Experiments on synthetic and real data demonstrate that LMVP can yield state-of-the-art results. 
### 5.Audio-Visual Kinship Verification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10096.pdf)
>  Visual kinship verification entails confirming whether or not two individuals in a given pair of images or videos share a hypothesized kin relation. As a generalized face verification task, visual kinship verification is particularly difficult with low-quality found Internet data. Due to uncontrolled variations in background, pose, facial expression, blur, illumination and occlusion, state-of-the-art methods fail to provide high level of recognition accuracy. As with many other visual recognition tasks, kinship verification may benefit from combining visual and audio signals. However, voice-based kinship verification has received very little prior attention. We hypothesize that the human voice contains kin-related cues that are complementary to visual cues. In this paper, we address, for the first time, the use of audio-visual information from face and voice modalities to perform kinship verification. We first propose a new multi-modal kinship dataset, called TALking KINship (TALKIN), that contains several pairs of Internet-quality video sequences. Using TALKIN, we then study the utility of various kinship verification methods including traditional local feature based methods, statistical methods and more recent deep learning approaches. Then, early and late fusion methods are evaluated on the TALKIN dataset for the study of kinship verification with both face and voice modalities. Finally, we propose a deep Siamese fusion network with contrastive loss for multi-modal fusion of kinship relations. Extensive experiments on the TALKIN dataset indicate that by combining face and voice modalities, the proposed Siamese network can provide a significantly higher level of accuracy compared to baseline uni-modal and multi-modal fusion techniques. Experimental results also indicate that audio (vocal) information is complementary (to facial information) and useful for kinship verification. 
### 6.Image to Images Translation for Multi-Task Organ Segmentation and Bone Suppression in Chest X-Ray Radiography  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10089.pdf)
>  Chest X-ray radiography is one of the earliest medical imaging technologies and remains one of the most widely-used for the diagnosis, screening and treatment follow up of diseases related to lungs and heart. The literature in this field of research reports many interesting studies dealing with the challenging tasks of bone suppression and organ segmentation but performed separately, limiting any learning that comes with the consolidation of parameters that could optimize both processes. Although image processing could facilitate computer aided diagnosis, machine learning seems more amenable in dealing with the many parameters one would have to contend with to yield an near optimal classification or decision-making process. This study, and for the first time, introduces a multitask deep learning model that generates simultaneously the bone-suppressed image and the organ segmented image, minimizing as a consequence the number of parameters the model has to deal with and optimizing the processing time as well; while at the same time exploiting the interplay in these parameters so as to benefit the performance of both tasks. The design architecture of this model, which relies on a conditional generative adversarial network, reveals the process on how we managed to modify the well-established pix2pix network to fit the need for multitasking and hence extending the standard image-to-image network to the new image-to-images architecture. Dilated convolutions are also used to improve the results through a more effective receptive field assessment. A comparison of the proposed approach to state-of-the-art algorithms is provided to gauge the merits of the proposed approach. 
### 7.Efficient and Effective Context-Based Convolutional Entropy Modeling for Image Compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10057.pdf)
>  It has long been understood that precisely estimating the probabilistic structure of natural visual images is crucial for image compression. Despite the remarkable success of recent end-to-end optimized image compression, the latent code representation is assumed to be fully statistically factorized such that the entropy modeling is feasible. Here we describe context-based convolutional networks (CCNs) that exploit statistical redundancies in the codes for improved entropy modeling. We introduce a 3D zigzag coding order together with a 3D code dividing technique to define proper context and to achieve parallel entropy decoding, both of which boil down to place translation-invariant binary masks on convolution filters of CCNs. We demonstrate the power of CCNs for entropy modeling in both lossless and lossy image compression. For the former, we directly apply a CCN to binarized image planes for estimating the Bernoulli distribution of each code. For the latter, the categorical distribution of each code is represented by a discretized mixture of Gaussian distributions, whose parameters are estimated by three CCNs. We jointly optimize the CCN-based entropy model with analysis and synthesis transforms for rate-distortion performance. Experiments on two image datasets show that the proposed lossless and lossy image compression methods based on CCNs generally exhibit better compression performance than existing methods with manageable computational complexity. 
### 8.SurReal: Fréchet Mean and Distance Transform for Complex-Valued Deep Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10048.pdf)
>  We develop a novel deep learning architecture for naturally complex-valued data, which is often subject to complex scaling ambiguity. We treat each sample as a field in the space of complex numbers. With the polar form of a complex-valued number, the general group that acts in this space is the product of planar rotation and non-zero scaling. This perspective allows us to develop not only a novel convolution operator using weighted Fréchet mean (wFM) on a Riemannian manifold, but also a novel fully connected layer operator using the distance to the wFM, with natural equivariant properties to non-zero scaling and planar rotation for the former and invariance properties for the latter. <br>Compared to the baseline approach of learning real-valued neural network models on the two-channel real-valued representation of complex-valued data, our method achieves surreal performance on two publicly available complex-valued datasets: MSTAR on SAR images and RadioML on radio frequency signals. On MSTAR, at 8% of the baseline model size and with fewer than 45,000 parameters, our model improves the target classification accuracy from 94% to 98% on this highly imbalanced dataset. On RadioML, our model achieves comparable RF modulation classification accuracy at 10% of the baseline model size. 
### 9.Complex Signal Denoising and Interference Mitigation for Automotive Radar Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10044.pdf)
>  Driver assistance systems as well as autonomous cars have to rely on sensors to perceive their environment. A heterogeneous set of sensors is used to perform this task robustly. Among them, radar sensors are indispensable because of their range resolution and the possibility to directly measure velocity. Since more and more radar sensors are deployed on the streets, mutual interference must be dealt with. In the so far unregulated automotive radar frequency band, a sensor must be capable of detecting, or even mitigating the harmful effects of interference, which include a decreased detection sensitivity. In this paper, we address this issue with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), which are state-of-the-art machine learning tools. We show that the ability of CNNs to find structured information in data while preserving local information enables superior denoising performance. To achieve this, CNN parameters are found using training with simulated data and integrated into the automotive radar signal processing chain. The presented method is compared with the state of the art, highlighting its promising performance. Hence, CNNs can be employed for interference mitigation as an alternative to conventional signal processing methods. Code and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/johannarock/imRICnn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 10.Confluent-Drawing Parallel Coordinates: Web-Based Interactive Visual Analytics of Large Multi-Dimensional Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10017.pdf)
>  Parallel coordinates plot is one of the most popular and widely used visualization techniques for multi-dimensional data sets. Its main challenges for large-scale data sets are visual clutter and overplotting which hamper the recognition of patterns and trends in the data. In this paper, we propose a confluent drawing approach of parallel coordinates to support the web-based interactive visual analytics of large multi-dimensional data. The proposed method maps multi-dimensional data to node-link diagrams through the data binning-based clustering for each dimension. It uses density-based confluent drawing to visualize clusters and edges to reduce visual clutter and overplotting. Its rendering time is independent of the number of data items. It supports interactive visualization of large data sets without hardware acceleration in a normal web browser. Moreover, we design interactions to control the data binning process with this approach to support interactive visual analytics of large multi-dimensional data sets. Based on the proposed approach, we implement a web-based visual analytics application. The efficiency of the proposed method is examined through experiments on several data sets. The effectiveness of the proposed method is evaluated through a user study, in which two typical tasks of parallel coordinates plot are performed by participants to compare the proposed method with another parallel coordinates bundling technique. Results show that the proposed method significantly enhances the web-based interactive visual analytics of large multi-dimensional data. 
### 11.Recurrent Registration Neural Networks for Deformable Image Registration  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09988.pdf)
>  Parametric spatial transformation models have been successfully applied to image registration tasks. In such models, the transformation of interest is parameterized by a fixed set of basis functions as for example B-splines. Each basis function is located on a fixed regular grid position among the image domain, because the transformation of interest is not known in advance. As a consequence, not all basis functions will necessarily contribute to the final transformation which results in a non-compact representation of the transformation. We reformulate the pairwise registration problem as a recursive sequence of successive alignments. For each element in the sequence, a local deformation defined by its position, shape, and weight is computed by our recurrent registration neural network. The sum of all local deformations yield the final spatial alignment of both images. Formulating the registration problem in this way allows the network to detect non-aligned regions in the images and to learn how to locally refine the registration properly. In contrast to current non-sequence-based registration methods, our approach iteratively applies local spatial deformations to the images until the desired registration accuracy is achieved. We trained our network on 2D magnetic resonance images of the lung and compared our method to a standard parametric B-spline registration. The experiments show, that our method performs on par for the accuracy but yields a more compact representation of the transformation. Furthermore, we achieve a speedup of around 15 compared to the B-spline registration. 
### 12.Visual Context-aware Convolution Filters for Transformation-invariant Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09986.pdf)
>  We propose a novel visual context-aware filter generation module which incorporates contextual information present in images into Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). In contrast to traditional CNNs, we do not employ the same set of learned convolution filters for all input image instances. Our proposed input-conditioned convolution filters when combined with techniques inspired by Multi-instance learning and max-pooling, results in a transformation-invariant neural network. We investigated the performance of our proposed framework on three MNIST variations, which covers both rotation and scaling variance, and achieved 1.13% error on MNIST-rot-12k, 1.12% error on Half-rotated MNIST and 0.68% error on Scaling MNIST, which is significantly better than the state-of-the-art results. We make use of visualization to further prove the effectiveness of our visual context-aware convolution filters. Our proposed visual context-aware convolution filter generation framework can also serve as a plugin for any CNN based architecture and enhance its modeling capacity. 
### 13.A Comparative Review of Recent Kinect-based Action Recognition Algorithms  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09955.pdf)
>  Video-based human action recognition is currently one of the most active research areas in computer vision. Various research studies indicate that the performance of action recognition is highly dependent on the type of features being extracted and how the actions are represented. Since the release of the Kinect camera, a large number of Kinect-based human action recognition techniques have been proposed in the literature. However, there still does not exist a thorough comparison of these Kinect-based techniques under the grouping of feature types, such as handcrafted versus deep learning features and depth-based versus skeleton-based features. In this paper, we analyze and compare ten recent Kinect-based algorithms for both cross-subject action recognition and cross-view action recognition using six benchmark datasets. In addition, we have implemented and improved some of these techniques and included their variants in the comparison. Our experiments show that the majority of methods perform better on cross-subject action recognition than cross-view action recognition, that skeleton-based features are more robust for cross-view recognition than depth-based features, and that deep learning features are suitable for large datasets. 
### 14.Integrating Knowledge and Reasoning in Image Understanding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09954.pdf)
>  Deep learning based data-driven approaches have been successfully applied in various image understanding applications ranging from object recognition, semantic segmentation to visual question answering. However, the lack of knowledge integration as well as higher-level reasoning capabilities with the methods still pose a hindrance. In this work, we present a brief survey of a few representative reasoning mechanisms, knowledge integration methods and their corresponding image understanding applications developed by various groups of researchers, approaching the problem from a variety of angles. Furthermore, we discuss upon key efforts on integrating external knowledge with neural networks. Taking cues from these efforts, we conclude by discussing potential pathways to improve reasoning capabilities. 
### 15.Deep Exemplar-based Video Colorization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09909.pdf)
>  This paper presents the first end-to-end network for exemplar-based video colorization. The main challenge is to achieve temporal consistency while remaining faithful to the reference style. To address this issue, we introduce a recurrent framework that unifies the semantic correspondence and color propagation steps. Both steps allow a provided reference image to guide the colorization of every frame, thus reducing accumulated propagation errors. Video frames are colorized in sequence based on the colorization history, and its coherency is further enforced by the temporal consistency loss. All of these components, learned end-to-end, help produce realistic videos with good temporal stability. Experiments show our result is superior to the state-of-the-art methods both quantitatively and qualitatively. 
### 16.Cross-Channel Correlation Preserved Three-Stream Lightweight CNNs for Demosaicking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09884.pdf)
>  Demosaicking is a procedure to reconstruct full RGB images from Color Filter Array (CFA) samples, none of which has all color components available. Recent deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) based models have obtained state of the art accuracy on benchmark datasets. However, due to the sequential feature extraction manner of CNNs, deep demosaicking models may be over slow for daily use cameras. In this paper, we decouple deep sequential demosaicking to three-stream lightweight networks, which restore the green channel, the green-red difference plane and the green-blue difference plane respectively. This strategy allows independent offline training and parallel online estimation, whilst preserving the intrinsic cross-channel correlation of natural images. Moreover, this allows designing each stream according to the various restoration difficulty of each channel. As validated by extensive experiments, our method achieves top accuracy at fast speed. Source code will be released along with paper publication. 
### 17.Pose Estimation for Non-Cooperative Rendezvous Using Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09868.pdf)
>  This work introduces the Spacecraft Pose Network (SPN) for on-board estimation of the pose, i.e., the relative position and attitude, of a known non-cooperative spacecraft using monocular vision. In contrast to other state-of-the-art pose estimation approaches for spaceborne applications, the SPN method does not require the formulation of hand-engineered features and only requires a single grayscale image to determine the pose of the spacecraft relative to the camera. The SPN method uses a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with three branches to solve for the pose. The first branch of the CNN bootstraps a state-of-the-art object detector to detect a 2D bounding box around the target spacecraft. The region inside the bounding box is then used by the other two branches of the CNN to determine the attitude by initially classifying the input region into discrete coarse attitude labels before regressing to a finer estimate. The SPN method then uses a novel Gauss-Newton algorithm to estimate the position by using the constraints imposed by the detected 2D bounding box and the estimated attitude. The secondary contribution of this work is the generation of the Spacecraft PosE Estimation Dataset (SPEED). SPEED consists of synthetic as well as actual camera images of a mock-up of the Tango spacecraft from the PRISMA mission. The synthetic images are created by fusing OpenGL-based renderings of the spacecraft's 3D model with actual images of the Earth captured by the Himawari-8 meteorological satellite. The actual camera images are created using a 7 degrees-of-freedom robotic arm, which positions and orients a vision-based sensor with respect to a full-scale mock-up of the Tango spacecraft. The SPN method, trained only on synthetic images, produces degree-level attitude error and cm-level position errors when evaluated on the actual camera images not used during training. 
### 18.Adversarial Multimodal Network for Movie Question Answering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09844.pdf)
>  Visual question answering by using information from multiple modalities has attracted more and more attention in recent years. However, it is a very challenging task, as the visual content and natural language have quite different statistical properties. In this work, we present a method called Adversarial Multimodal Network (AMN) to better understand video stories for question answering. In AMN, as inspired by generative adversarial networks, we propose to learn multimodal feature representations by finding a more coherent subspace for video clips and the corresponding texts (e.g., subtitles and questions). Moreover, we introduce a self-attention mechanism to enforce the so-called consistency constraints in order to preserve the self-correlation of visual cues of the original video clips in the learned multimodal representations. Extensive experiments on the MovieQA dataset show the effectiveness of our proposed AMN over other published state-of-the-art methods. 
### 19.ESNet: An Efficient Symmetric Network for Real-time Semantic Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09826.pdf)
>  The recent years have witnessed great advances for semantic segmentation using deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs). However, a large number of convolutional layers and feature channels lead to semantic segmentation as a computationally heavy task, which is disadvantage to the scenario with limited resources. In this paper, we design an efficient symmetric network, called (ESNet), to address this problem. The whole network has nearly symmetric architecture, which is mainly composed of a series of factorized convolution unit (FCU) and its parallel counterparts (PFCU). On one hand, the FCU adopts a widely-used 1D factorized convolution in residual layers. On the other hand, the parallel version employs a transform-split-transform-merge strategy in the designment of residual module, where the split branch adopts dilated convolutions with different rate to enlarge receptive field. Our model has nearly 1.6M parameters, and is able to be performed over 62 FPS on a single GTX 1080Ti GPU. The experiments demonstrate that our approach achieves state-of-the-art results in terms of speed and accuracy trade-off for real-time semantic segmentation on CityScapes dataset. 
### 20.Saliency Detection With Fully Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09806.pdf)
>  Saliency detection is an important task in image processing as it can solve many problems and it usually is the first step in for other processes. Convolutional neural networks have been proved to be very effective on several image processing tasks such as classification, segmentation, semantic colorization and object manipulation. Besides, using the weights of a pretrained networks is a common practice for enhancing the accuracy of a network. In this paper a fully convolutional neural network which uses a part of VGG-16 is proposed for saliency detection in images. 
### 21.Improving CCTA based lesions' hemodynamic significance assessment by accounting for partial volume modeling in automatic coronary lumen segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09763.pdf)
>  Purpose: The goal of this study was to assess the potential added benefit of accounting for partial volume effects (PVE) in an automatic coronary lumen segmentation algorithm from coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA). Materials and methods: We assessed the potential added value of PVE integration as a part of the automatic coronary lumen segmentation algorithm by means of segmentation accuracy using the MICCAI 2012 challenge framework and by means of flow simulation overall accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, negative and positive predictive values and the receiver operated characteristic (ROC) area under the curve. We also evaluated the potential benefit of accounting for PVE in automatic segmentation for flow-simulation for lesions that were diagnosed as obstructive based on CCTA, which could have indicated a need for an invasive exam and revascularization. Results: Our segmentation algorithm improves the maximal surface distance error by ~39% compared to previously published method on the 18 datasets 50 from the MICCAI 2012 challenge with comparable Dice and mean surface distance. Results with and without accounting for PVE were comparable. In contrast, integrating PVE analysis into an automatic coronary lumen segmentation algorithm improved the flow simulation specificity from 0.6 to 0.68 with the same sensitivity of 0.83. Also, accounting for PVE improved the area under the ROC curve for detecting hemodynamically significant CAD from 0.76 to 0.8 compared to automatic segmentation without PVE analysis with invasive FFR threshold of 0.8 as the reference standard. The improvement in the AUC was statistically significant (N=76, Delong's test, p=0.012). Conclusion: Accounting for the partial volume effects in automatic coronary lumen segmentation algorithms has the potential to improve the accuracy of CCTA-based hemodynamic assessment of coronary artery lesions. 
### 22.Cascade R-CNN: High Quality Object Detection and Instance Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09756.pdf)
>  In object detection, the intersection over union (IoU) threshold is frequently used to define positives/negatives. The threshold used to train a detector defines its \textit{quality}. While the commonly used threshold of 0.5 leads to noisy (low-quality) detections, detection performance frequently degrades for larger thresholds. This paradox of high-quality detection has two causes: 1) overfitting, due to vanishing positive samples for large thresholds, and 2) inference-time quality mismatch between detector and test hypotheses. A multi-stage object detection architecture, the Cascade R-CNN, composed of a sequence of detectors trained with increasing IoU thresholds, is proposed to address these problems. The detectors are trained sequentially, using the output of a detector as training set for the next. This resampling progressively improves hypotheses quality, guaranteeing a positive training set of equivalent size for all detectors and minimizing overfitting. The same cascade is applied at inference, to eliminate quality mismatches between hypotheses and detectors. An implementation of the Cascade R-CNN without bells or whistles achieves state-of-the-art performance on the COCO dataset, and significantly improves high-quality detection on generic and specific object detection datasets, including VOC, KITTI, CityPerson, and WiderFace. Finally, the Cascade R-CNN is generalized to instance segmentation, with nontrivial improvements over the Mask R-CNN. To facilitate future research, two implementations are made available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhaoweicai/cascade-rcnn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} (Caffe) and \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhaoweicai/Detectron-Cascade-RCNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} (Detectron). 
### 23.Resolution-invariant Person Re-Identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09748.pdf)
>  Exploiting resolution invariant representation is critical for person Re-Identification (ReID) in real applications, where the resolutions of captured person images may vary dramatically. This paper learns person representations robust to resolution variance through jointly training a Foreground-Focus Super-Resolution (FFSR) module and a Resolution-Invariant Feature Extractor (RIFE) by end-to-end CNN learning. FFSR upscales the person foreground using a fully convolutional auto-encoder with skip connections learned with a foreground focus training loss. RIFE adopts two feature extraction streams weighted by a dual-attention block to learn features for low and high resolution images, respectively. These two complementary modules are jointly trained, leading to a strong resolution invariant representation. We evaluate our methods on five datasets containing person images at a large range of resolutions, where our methods show substantial superiority to existing solutions. For instance, we achieve Rank-1 accuracy of 36.4% and 73.3% on CAVIAR and MLR-CUHK03, outperforming the state-of-the art by 2.9% and 2.6%, respectively. 
### 24.Mixup of Feature Maps in a Hidden Layer for Training of Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09739.pdf)
>  The deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) became very popular as a fundamental technique for image classification and objects recognition. To improve the recognition accuracy for the more complex tasks, deeper networks have being introduced. However, the recognition accuracy of the trained deep CNN drastically decreases for the samples which are obtained from the outside regions of the training samples. To improve the generalization ability for such samples, Krizhevsky et al. proposed to generate additional samples through transformations from the existing samples and to make the training samples richer. This method is known as data augmentation. Hongyi Zhang et al. introduced data augmentation method called mixup which achieves state-of-the-art performance in various datasets. Mixup generates new samples by mixing two different training samples. Mixing of the two images is implemented with simple image morphing. In this paper, we propose to apply mixup to the feature maps in a hidden layer. To implement the mixup in the hidden layer we use the Siamese network or the triplet network architecture to mix feature maps. From the experimental comparison, it is observed that the mixup of the feature maps obtained from the first convolution layer is more effective than the original image mixup. 
### 25.Dense Scale Network for Crowd Counting  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09707.pdf)
>  Crowd counting has been widely studied by computer vision community in recent years. Due to the large scale variation, it remains to be a challenging task. Previous methods adopt either multi-column CNN or single-column CNN with multiple branches to deal with this problem. However, restricted by the number of columns or branches, these methods can only capture a few different scales and have limited capability. In this paper, we propose a simple but effective network called DSNet for crowd counting, which can be easily trained in an end-to-end fashion. The key component of our network is the dense dilated convolution block, in which each dilation layer is densely connected with the others to preserve information from continuously varied scales. The dilation rates in dilation layers are carefully selected to prevent the block from gridding artifacts. To further enlarge the range of scales covered by the network, we cascade three blocks and link them with dense residual connections. We also introduce a novel multi-scale density level consistency loss for performance improvement. To evaluate our method, we compare it with state-of-the-art algorithms on four crowd counting datasets (ShanghaiTech, UCF-QNRF, UCF_CC_50 and UCSD). Experimental results demonstrate that DSNet can achieve the best performance and make significant improvements on all the four datasets (30% on the UCF-QNRF and UCF_CC_50, and 20% on the others). 
### 26.Refined-Segmentation R-CNN: A Two-stage Convolutional Neural Network for Punctate White Matter Lesion Segmentation in Preterm Infants  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09684.pdf)
>  Accurate segmentation of punctate white matter lesion (PWML) in infantile brains by an automatic algorithm can reduce the potential risk of postnatal development. How to segment PWML effectively has become one of the active topics in medical image segmentation in recent years. In this paper, we construct an efficient two-stage PWML semantic segmentation network based on the characteristics of the lesion, called refined segmentation R-CNN (RS RCNN). We propose a heuristic RPN (H-RPN) which can utilize surrounding information around the PWMLs for heuristic segmentation. Also, we design a lightweight segmentation network to segment the lesion in a fast way. Densely connected conditional random field (DCRF) is used to optimize the segmentation results. We only use T1w MRIs to segment PWMLs. The result shows that our model can well segment the lesion of ordinary size or even pixel size. The Dice similarity coefficient reaches 0.6616, the sensitivity is 0.7069, the specificity is 0.9997, and the Hausdorff distance is 52.9130. The proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art algorithm. (The code of this paper is available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YalongLiu/Refined-Segmentation-R-CNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) 
### 27.Deep Instance-Level Hard Negative Mining Model for Histopathology Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09681.pdf)
>  Histopathology image analysis can be considered as a Multiple instance learning (MIL) problem, where the whole slide histopathology image (WSI) is regarded as a bag of instances i.e, patches) and the task is to predict a single class label to the WSI. However, in many real-life applications such as computational pathology, discovering the key instances that trigger the bag label is of great interest because it provides reasons for the decision made by the system. In this paper, we propose a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) model that addresses the primary task of a bag classification on a WSI and also learns to identify the response of each instance to provide interpretable results to the final prediction. We incorporate the attention mechanism into the proposed model to operate the transformation of instances and learn attention weights to allow us to find key patches. To perform a balanced training, we introduce adaptive weighing in each training bag to explicitly adjust the weight distribution in order to concentrate more on the contribution of hard samples. Based on the learned attention weights, we further develop a solution to boost the classification performance by generating the bags with hard negative instances. We conduct extensive experiments on colon and breast cancer histopathology data and show that our framework achieves state-of-the-art performance. 
### 28.CORAL8: Concurrent Object Regression for Area Localization in Medical Image Panels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09676.pdf)
>  This work tackles the problem of generating a medical report for multi-image panels. We apply our solution to the Renal Direct Immunofluorescence (RDIF) assay which requires a pathologist to generate a report based on observations across the eight different WSI in concert with existing clinical features. To this end, we propose a novel attention-based multi-modal generative recurrent neural network (RNN) architecture capable of dynamically sampling image data concurrently across the RDIF panel. The proposed methodology incorporates text from the clinical notes of the requesting physician to regulate the output of the network to align with the overall clinical context. In addition, we found the importance of regularizing the attention weights for word generation processes. This is because the system can ignore the attention mechanism by assigning equal weights for all members. Thus, we propose two regularizations which force the system to utilize the attention mechanism. Experiments on our novel collection of RDIF WSIs provided by a large clinical laboratory demonstrate that our framework offers significant improvements over existing methods. 
### 29.Aerial hyperspectral imagery and deep neural networks for high-throughput yield phenotyping in wheat  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09666.pdf)
>  Crop production needs to increase in a sustainable manner to meet the growing global demand for food. To identify crop varieties with high yield potential, plant scientists and breeders evaluate the performance of hundreds of lines in multiple locations over several years. To facilitate the process of selecting advanced varieties, an automated framework was developed in this study. A hyperspectral camera was mounted on an unmanned aerial vehicle to collect aerial imagery with high spatial and spectral resolution. Aerial images were captured in two consecutive growing seasons from three experimental yield fields composed of hundreds experimental plots (1x2.4 meter), each contained a single wheat line. The grain of more than thousand wheat plots was harvested by a combine, weighed, and recorded as the ground truth data. To leverage the high spatial resolution and investigate the yield variation within the plots, images of plots were divided into sub-plots by integrating image processing techniques and spectral mixture analysis with the expert domain knowledge. Afterwards, the sub-plot dataset was divided into train, validation, and test sets using stratified sampling. Subsequent to extracting features from each sub-plot, deep neural networks were trained for yield estimation. The coefficient of determination for predicting the yield of the test dataset at sub-plot scale was 0.79 with root mean square error of 5.90 grams. In addition to providing insights into yield variation at sub-plot scale, the proposed framework can facilitate the process of high-throughput yield phenotyping as a valuable decision support tool. It offers the possibility of (i) remote visual inspection of the plots, (ii) studying the effect of crop density on yield, and (iii) optimizing plot size to investigate more lines in a dedicated field each year. 
### 30.Transfer Learning for Segmenting Dimensionally-Reduced Hyperspectral Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09631.pdf)
>  Deep learning has established the state of the art in multiple fields, including hyperspectral image analysis. However, training large-capacity learners to segment such imagery requires representative training sets. Acquiring such data is human-dependent and time-consuming, especially in Earth observation scenarios, where the hyperspectral data transfer is very costly and time-constrained. In this letter, we show how to effectively deal with a limited number and size of available hyperspectral ground-truth sets, and apply transfer learning for building deep feature extractors. Also, we exploit spectral dimensionality reduction to make our technique applicable over hyperspectral data acquired using different sensors, which may capture different numbers of hyperspectral bands. The experiments, performed over several benchmarks and backed up with statistical tests, indicated that our approach allows us to effectively train well-generalizing deep convolutional neural nets even using significantly reduced data. 
### 31.Improving Description-based Person Re-identification by Multi-granularity Image-text Alignments  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09610.pdf)
>  Description-based person re-identification (Re-id) is an important task in video surveillance that requires discriminative cross-modal representations to distinguish different people. It is difficult to directly measure the similarity between images and descriptions due to the modality heterogeneity (the cross-modal problem). And all samples belonging to a single category (the fine-grained problem) makes this task even harder than the conventional image-description matching task. In this paper, we propose a Multi-granularity Image-text Alignments (MIA) model to alleviate the cross-modal fine-grained problem for better similarity evaluation in description-based person Re-id. Specifically, three different granularities, i.e., global-global, global-local and local-local alignments are carried out hierarchically. Firstly, the global-global alignment in the Global Contrast (GC) module is for matching the global contexts of images and descriptions. Secondly, the global-local alignment employs the potential relations between local components and global contexts to highlight the distinguishable components while eliminating the uninvolved ones adaptively in the Relation-guided Global-local Alignment (RGA) module. Thirdly, as for the local-local alignment, we match visual human parts with noun phrases in the Bi-directional Fine-grained Matching (BFM) module. The whole network combining multiple granularities can be end-to-end trained without complex pre-processing. To address the difficulties in training the combination of multiple granularities, an effective step training strategy is proposed to train these granularities step-by-step. Extensive experiments and analysis have shown that our method obtains the state-of-the-art performance on the CUHK-PEDES dataset and outperforms the previous methods by a significant margin. 
### 32.Densely Connected Search Space for More Flexible Neural Architecture Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09607.pdf)
>  In recent years, neural architecture search (NAS) has dramatically advanced the development of neural network design. While most previous works are computationally intensive, differentiable NAS methods reduce the search cost by constructing a super network in a continuous space covering all possible architectures to search for. However, few of them can search for the network width (the number of filters/channels) because it is intractable to integrate architectures with different widths into one super network following conventional differentiable NAS paradigm. In this paper, we propose a novel differentiable NAS method which can search for the width and the spatial resolution of each block simultaneously. We achieve this by constructing a densely connected search space and name our method as DenseNAS. Blocks with different width and spatial resolution combinations are densely connected to each other. The best path in the super network is selected by optimizing the transition probabilities between blocks. As a result, the overall depth distribution of the network is optimized globally in a graceful manner. In the experiments, DenseNAS obtains an architecture with 75.9% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet and the latency is as low as 24.3ms on a single TITAN-XP. The total search time is merely 23 hours on 4 GPUs. 
### 33.Semi-Supervised Learning for Cancer Detection of Lymph Node Metastases  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09587.pdf)
>  Pathologists find tedious to examine the status of the sentinel lymph node on a large number of pathological scans. The examination process of such lymph node which encompasses metastasized cancer cells is histopathologically organized. However, the task of finding metastatic tissues is gradual which is often challenging. In this work, we present our deep convolutional neural network based model validated on PatchCamelyon (PCam) benchmark dataset for fundamental machine learning research in histopathology diagnosis. We find that our proposed model trained with a semi-supervised learning approach by using pseudo labels on PCam-level significantly leads to better performances to strong CNN baseline on the AUC metric. 
### 34.Fully Automatic Liver Attenuation Estimation Combing CNN Segmentation and Morphological Operations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09549.pdf)
>  Manually tracing regions of interest (ROIs) within the liver is the de facto standard method for measuring liver attenuation on computed tomography (CT) in diagnosing nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, manual tracing is resource intensive. To address these limitations and to expand the availability of a quantitative CT measure of hepatic steatosis, we propose the automatic liver attenuation ROI-based measurement (ALARM) method for automated liver attenuation estimation. The ALARM method consists of two major stages: (1) deep convolutional neural network (DCNN)-based liver segmentation and (2) automated ROI extraction. First, liver segmentation was achieved using our previously developed SS-Net. Then, a single central ROI (center-ROI) and three circles ROI (periphery-ROI) were computed based on liver segmentation and morphological operations. The ALARM method is available as an open source Docker container (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MASILab/ALARM).246" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> subjects with 738 abdomen CT scans from the African American-Diabetes Heart Study (AA-DHS) were used for external validation (testing), independent from the training and validation cohort (100 clinically acquired CT abdominal scans). 
### 35.Multi-Scale Attentional Network for Multi-Focal Segmentation of Active Bleed after Pelvic Fractures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09540.pdf)
>  Trauma is the worldwide leading cause of death and disability in those younger than 45 years, and pelvic fractures are a major source of morbidity and mortality. Automated segmentation of multiple foci of arterial bleeding from abdominopelvic trauma CT could provide rapid objective measurements of the total extent of active bleeding, potentially augmenting outcome prediction at the point of care, while improving patient triage, allocation of appropriate resources, and time to definitive intervention. In spite of the importance of active bleeding in the quick tempo of trauma care, the task is still quite challenging due to the variable contrast, intensity, location, size, shape, and multiplicity of bleeding foci. Existing work [4] presents a heuristic rule-based segmentation technique which requires multiple stages and cannot be efficiently optimized end-to-end. To this end, we present, Multi-Scale Attentional Network (MSAN), the first yet reliable end-to-end network, for automated segmentation of active hemorrhage from contrast-enhanced trauma CT scans. MSAN consists of the following components: 1) an encoder which fully integrates the global contextual information from holistic 2D slices; 2) a multi-scale strategy applied both in the training stage and the inference stage to handle the challenges induced by variation of target sizes; 3) an attentional module to further refine the deep features, leading to better segmentation quality; and 4) a multi-view mechanism to fully leverage the 3D information. Our MSAN reports a significant improvement of more than 7% compared to prior arts in terms of DSC. 
### 36.Image Retrieval and Pattern Spotting using Siamese Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09513.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel approach for image retrieval and pattern spotting in document image collections. The manual feature engineering is avoided by learning a similarity-based representation using a Siamese Neural Network trained on a previously prepared subset of image pairs from the ImageNet dataset. The learned representation is used to provide the similarity-based feature maps used to find relevant image candidates in the data collection given an image query. A robust experimental protocol based on the public Tobacco800 document image collection shows that the proposed method compares favorably against state-of-the-art document image retrieval methods, reaching 0.94 and 0.83 of mean average precision (mAP) for retrieval and pattern spotting (IoU=0.7), respectively. Besides, we have evaluated the proposed method considering feature maps of different sizes, showing the impact of reducing the number of features in the retrieval performance and time-consuming. 
### 37.Iris Verification with Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09472.pdf)
>  We propose a novel convolutional neural network to verify a match between two images of the human iris. The network is trained end-to-end and validated on three publicly available datasets yielding state-of-the-art results against four baseline methods. The network performs better by a10%marginto the state-of-the-art method on the CASIA.v4 dataset. In the network, we use a novel layer whose output is interpreted as a normalized response in the complex plane. We show that the layer improves the performance of the model up to15%on previously-unseen data. 
### 38.Computer Vision with a Single (Robust) Classifier  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09453.pdf)
>  We show that the basic classification framework alone can be used to tackle some of the most challenging computer vision tasks. In contrast to other state-of-the-art approaches, the toolkit we develop is rather minimal: it uses a single, off-the-shelf classifier for all these tasks. The crux of our approach is that we train this classifier to be adversarially robust. It turns out that adversarial robustness is precisely what we need to directly manipulate salient features of the input. Overall, our findings demonstrate the utility of robustness in the broader machine learning context. Code and models for our experiments can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/robust-apps" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 39.Deep learning approach to description and classification of fungi microscopic images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09449.pdf)
>  Diagnosis of fungal infections can rely on microscopic examination, however, in many cases, it does not allow unambiguous identification of the species due to their visual similarity. Therefore, it is usually necessary to use additional biochemical tests. That involves additional costs and extends the identification process up to 10 days. Such a delay in the implementation of targeted treatment is grave in consequences as the mortality rate for immunosuppressed patients is high. In this paper, we apply machine learning approach based on deep learning and bag-of-words to classify microscopic images of various fungi species. Our approach makes the last stage of biochemical identification redundant, shortening the identification process by 2-3 days and reducing the cost of the diagnostic examination. 
### 40.Adaptive Period Embedding for Representing Oriented Objects in Aerial Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09447.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for representing oriented objects in aerial images named Adaptive Period Embedding (APE). While traditional object detection methods represent object with horizontal bounding boxes, the objects in aerial images are oritented. Calculating the angle of object is an yet challenging task. While almost all previous object detectors for aerial images directly regress the angle of objects, they use complex rules to calculate the angle, and their performance is limited by the rule design. In contrast, our method is based on the angular periodicity of oriented objects. The angle is represented by two two-dimensional periodic vectors whose periods are different, the vector is continuous as shape changes. The label generation rule is more simple and reasonable compared with previous methods. The proposed method is general and can be applied to other oriented detector. Besides, we propose a novel IoU calculation method for long objects named length independent IoU (LIIoU). We intercept part of the long side of the target box to get the maximum IoU between the proposed box and the intercepted target box. Thereby, some long boxes will have corresponding positive samples. Our method reaches the 1st place of DOAI2019 competition task1 (oriented object) held in workshop on Detecting Objects in Aerial Images in conjunction with IEEE CVPR 2019. 
### 41.Deep Single Image Deraining Via Estimating Transmission and Atmospheric Light in rainy Scenes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09433.pdf)
>  Rain removal in images/videos is still an important task in computer vision field and attracting attentions of more and more people. Traditional methods always utilize some incomplete priors or filters (e.g. guided filter) to remove rain effect. Deep learning gives more probabilities to better solve this task. However, they remove rain either by evaluating background from rainy image directly or learning a rain residual first then subtracting the residual to obtain a clear background. No other models are used in deep learning based de-raining methods to remove rain and obtain other information about rainy scenes. In this paper, we utilize an extensively-used image degradation model which is derived from atmospheric scattering principles to model the formation of rainy images and try to learn the transmission, atmospheric light in rainy scenes and remove rain further. To reach this goal, we propose a robust evaluation method of global atmospheric light in a rainy scene. Instead of using the estimated atmospheric light directly to learn a network to calculate transmission, we utilize it as ground truth and design a simple but novel triangle-shaped network structure to learn atmospheric light for every rainy image, then fine-tune the network to obtain a better estimation of atmospheric light during the training of transmission network. Furthermore, more efficient ShuffleNet Units are utilized in transmission network to learn transmission map and the de-raining image is then obtained by the image degradation model. By subjective and objective comparisons, our method outperforms the selected state-of-the-art works. 
### 42.Baidu-UTS Submission to the EPIC-Kitchens Action Recognition Challenge 2019  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09383.pdf)
>  In this report, we present the Baidu-UTS submission to the EPIC-Kitchens Action Recognition Challenge in CVPR 2019. This is the winning solution to this challenge. In this task, the goal is to predict verbs, nouns, and actions from the vocabulary for each video segment. The EPIC-Kitchens dataset contains various small objects, intense motion blur, and occlusions. It is challenging to locate and recognize the object that an actor interacts with. To address these problems, we utilize object detection features to guide the training of 3D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), which can significantly improve the accuracy of noun prediction. Specifically, we introduce a Gated Feature Aggregator module to learn from the clip feature and the object feature. This module can strengthen the interaction between the two kinds of activations and avoid gradient exploding. Experimental results demonstrate our approach outperforms other methods on both seen and unseen test set. 
### 43.Boosting the rule-out accuracy of deep disease detection using class weight modifiers  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09354.pdf)
>  In many screening applications, the primary goal of a radiologist or assisting artificial intelligence is to rule out certain findings. The classifiers built for such applications are often trained on large datasets that derive labels from clinical notes written for patients. While the quality of the positive findings described in these notes is often reliable, lack of the mention of a finding does not always rule out the presence of it. This happens because radiologists comment on the patient in the context of the exam, for example focusing on trauma as opposed to chronic disease at emergency rooms. However, this disease finding ambiguity can affect the performance of algorithms. Hence it is critical to model the ambiguity during training. We propose a scheme to apply reasonable class weight modifiers to our loss function for the no mention cases during training. We experiment with two different deep neural network architectures and show that the proposed method results in a large improvement in the performance of the classifiers, specially on negated findings. The baseline performance of a custom-made dilated block network proposed in this paper shows an improvement in comparison with baseline DenseNet-201, while both architectures benefit from the new proposed loss function weighting scheme. Over 200,000 chest X-ray images and three highly common diseases, along with their negated counterparts, are included in this study. 
### 44.Building a Benchmark Dataset and Classifiers for Sentence-Level Findings in AP Chest X-rays  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09336.pdf)
>  Chest X-rays are the most common diagnostic exams in emergency rooms and hospitals. There has been a surge of work on automatic interpretation of chest X-rays using deep learning approaches after the availability of large open source chest X-ray dataset from NIH. However, the labels are not sufficiently rich and descriptive for training classification tools. Further, it does not adequately address the findings seen in Chest X-rays taken in anterior-posterior (AP) view which also depict the placement of devices such as central vascular lines and tubes. In this paper, we present a new chest X-ray benchmark database of 73 rich sentence-level descriptors of findings seen in AP chest X-rays. We describe our method of obtaining these findings through a semi-automated ground truth generation process from crowdsourcing of clinician annotations. We also present results of building classifiers for these findings that show that such higher granularity labels can also be learned through the framework of deep learning classifiers. 
### 45.A Cyclically-Trained Adversarial Network for Invariant Representation Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09313.pdf)
>  We propose a cyclically-trained adversarial network to learn mappings from image space to a latent representation space and back such that the latent representation is invariant to a specified factor of variation (e.g., identity). The learned mappings also assure that the synthesized image is not only realistic, but has the same values for unspecified factors (e.g., pose and illumination) as the original image and a desired value of the specified factor. We encourage invariance to a specified factor, by applying adversarial training using a variational autoencoder in the image space as opposed to the latent space. We strengthen this invariance by introducing a cyclic training process (forward and backward pass). We also propose a new method to evaluate conditional generative networks. It compares how well different factors of variation can be predicted from the synthesized, as opposed to real, images. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on factors such as identity, pose, illumination or style on three datasets and compare it with state-of-the-art methods. Our network produces good quality synthetic images and, interestingly, can be used to perform face morphing in latent space. 
### 46.Hiding Faces in Plain Sight: Disrupting AI Face Synthesis with Adversarial Perturbations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09288.pdf)
>  Recent years have seen fast development in synthesizing realistic human faces using AI technologies. Such fake faces can be weaponized to cause negative personal and social impact. In this work, we develop technologies to defend individuals from becoming victims of recent AI synthesized fake videos by sabotaging would-be training data. This is achieved by disrupting deep neural network (DNN) based face detection method with specially designed imperceptible adversarial perturbations to reduce the quality of the detected faces. We describe attacking schemes under white-box, gray-box and black-box settings, each with decreasing information about the DNN based face detectors. We empirically show the effectiveness of our methods in disrupting state-of-the-art DNN based face detectors on several datasets. 
### 47.An Empirical Comparison of FAISS and FENSHSES for Nearest Neighbor Search in Hamming Space  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10095.pdf)
>  In this paper, we compare the performances of FAISS and FENSHSES on nearest neighbor search in Hamming space--a fundamental task with ubiquitous applications in nowadays eCommerce. Comprehensive evaluations are made in terms of indexing speed, search latency and RAM consumption. This case study is conducted towards a better understanding of these fundamental trade-offs between nearest neighbor search systems implemented in main memory and the ones implemented in secondary memory, which is largely unaddressed in literature. 
### 48.Who said that?: Audio-visual speaker diarisation of real-world meetings  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10042.pdf)
>  The goal of this work is to determine 'who spoke when' in real-world meetings. The method takes surround-view video and single or multi-channel audio as inputs, and generates robust diarisation outputs. To achieve this, we propose a novel iterative approach that first enrolls speaker models using audio-visual correspondence, then uses the enrolled models together with the visual information to determine the active speaker. We show strong quantitative and qualitative performance on a dataset of real-world meetings. The method is also evaluated on the public AMI meeting corpus, on which we demonstrate results that exceed all comparable methods. We also show that beamforming can be used together with the video to further improve the performance when multi-channel audio is available. 
### 49.Cross-Domain Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks for Stereoscopic Hyperrealism in Surgical Training  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.10011.pdf)
>  Phantoms for surgical training are able to mimic cutting and suturing properties and patient-individual shape of organs, but lack a realistic visual appearance that captures the heterogeneity of surgical scenes. In order to overcome this in endoscopic approaches, hyperrealistic concepts have been proposed to be used in an augmented reality-setting, which are based on deep image-to-image transformation methods. Such concepts are able to generate realistic representations of phantoms learned from real intraoperative endoscopic sequences. Conditioned on frames from the surgical training process, the learned models are able to generate impressive results by transforming unrealistic parts of the image (e.g.\ the uniform phantom texture is replaced by the more heterogeneous texture of the tissue). Image-to-image synthesis usually learns a mapping $G:X~\to~Y$ such that the distribution of images from $G(X)$ is indistinguishable from the distribution $Y$. However, it does not necessarily force the generated images to be consistent and without artifacts. In the endoscopic image domain this can affect depth cues and stereo consistency of a stereo image pair, which ultimately impairs surgical vision. We propose a cross-domain conditional generative adversarial network approach (GAN) that aims to generate more consistent stereo pairs. The results show substantial improvements in depth perception and realism evaluated by 3 domain experts and 3 medical students on a 3D monitor over the baseline method. In 84 of 90 instances our proposed method was preferred or rated equal to the baseline. 
### 50.Brain Network Construction and Classification Toolbox (BrainNetClass)  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09908.pdf)
>  Brain functional network has become an increasingly used approach in understanding brain functions and diseases. Many network construction methods have been developed, whereas the majority of the studies still used static pairwise Pearson's correlation-based functional connectivity. The goal of this work is to introduce a toolbox namely "Brain Network Construction and Classification" (BrainNetClass) to the field to promote more advanced brain network construction methods. It comprises various brain network construction methods, including some state-of-the-art methods that were recently developed to capture more complex interactions among brain regions along with connectome feature extraction, reduction, parameter optimization towards network-based individualized classification. BrainNetClass is a MATLAB-based, open-source, cross-platform toolbox with graphical user-friendly interfaces for cognitive and clinical neuroscientists to perform rigorous computer-aided diagnosis with interpretable result presentations even though they do not possess neuroimage computing and machine learning knowledge. We demonstrate the implementations of this toolbox on real resting-state functional MRI datasets. BrainNetClass (v1.0) can be downloaded from <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zzstefan/BrainNetClass" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 51.Interactive Subspace Exploration on Generative Image Modelling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09840.pdf)
>  Generative image modeling techniques such as GAN demonstrate highly convincing image generation result. However, user interaction is often necessary to obtain the desired results. Existing attempts add interactivity but require either tailored architectures or extra data. We present a human-in-the-optimization method that allows users to directly explore and search the latent vector space of generative image modeling. Our system provides multiple candidates by sampling the latent vector space, and the user selects the best blending weights within the subspace using multiple sliders. In addition, the user can express their intention through image editing tools. The system samples latent vectors based on inputs and presents new candidates to the user iteratively. An advantage of our formulation is that one can apply our method to arbitrary pre-trained model without developing specialized architecture or data. We demonstrate our method with various generative image modeling applications, and show superior performance in a comparative user study with prior art iGAN \cite{iGAN2016}. 
### 52.Improving Stochastic Neighbour Embedding fundamentally with a well-defined data-dependent kernel  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09744.pdf)
>  We identify a fundamental issue in the popular Stochastic Neighbour Embedding (SNE and t-SNE), i.e., the "learned" similarity of any two points in high-dimensional space is not defined and cannot be computed. It underlines two previously unexplored issues in the algorithm which have undermined the quality of its final visualisation output and its ability to process large datasets. The issues are:(a) the reference probability in high-dimensional space is set based on entropy which has undefined relation with local density; and (b) the use of data independent kernel which leads to the need to determine n bandwidths for a dataset of n points. This paper establishes a principle to set the reference probability via a data-dependent kernel which has a well-defined kernel characteristic that linked directly to local density. A solution based on a recent data-dependent kernel called Isolation Kernel addresses the fundamental issue as well as its two ensuing issues. As a result, it significantly improves the quality of the final visualisation output and removes one obstacle that prevents t-SNE from processing large datasets. The solution is extremely simple, i.e., simply replacing the existing data independent kernel with Isolation Kernel, leaving the rest of the t-SNE procedure unchanged. 
### 53.Automatic Intracranial Brain Segmentation from Computed Tomography Head Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09726.pdf)
>  Fast and automatic algorithm to segment Brain (intracranial region) from computed tomography (CT) head images using combination of HU thresholding, identification of intracranial voxels through ray intersection with cranium, special binary erosion and connected components per slice. 
### 54.Bayesian Uncertainty Matching for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09693.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation is an important technique to alleviate performance degradation caused by domain shift, e.g., when training and test data come from different domains. Most existing deep adaptation methods focus on reducing domain shift by matching marginal feature distributions through deep transformations on the input features, due to the unavailability of target domain labels. We show that domain shift may still exist via label distribution shift at the classifier, thus deteriorating model performances. To alleviate this issue, we propose an approximate joint distribution matching scheme by exploiting prediction uncertainty. Specifically, we use a Bayesian neural network to quantify prediction uncertainty of a classifier. By imposing distribution matching on both features and labels (via uncertainty), label distribution mismatching in source and target data is effectively alleviated, encouraging the classifier to produce consistent predictions across domains. We also propose a few techniques to improve our method by adaptively reweighting domain adaptation loss to achieve nontrivial distribution matching and stable training. Comparisons with state of the art unsupervised domain adaptation methods on three popular benchmark datasets demonstrate the superiority of our approach, especially on the effectiveness of alleviating negative transfer. 
### 55.Remote Sensor Design for Visual Recognition with Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09677.pdf)
>  While deep learning technologies for computer vision have developed rapidly since 2012, modeling of remote sensing systems has remained focused around human vision. In particular, remote sensing systems are usually constructed to optimize sensing cost-quality trade-offs with respect to human image interpretability. While some recent studies have explored remote sensing system design as a function of simple computer vision algorithm performance, there has been little work relating this design to the state-of-the-art in computer vision: deep learning with convolutional neural networks. We develop experimental systems to conduct this analysis, showing results with modern deep learning algorithms and recent overhead image data. Our results are compared to standard image quality measurements based on human visual perception, and we conclude not only that machine and human interpretability differ significantly, but that computer vision performance is largely self-consistent across a range of disparate conditions. This research is presented as a cornerstone for a new generation of sensor design systems which focus on computer algorithm performance instead of human visual perception. 
### 56.Confidence Calibration for Convolutional Neural Networks Using Structured Dropout  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09551.pdf)
>  In classification applications, we often want probabilistic predictions to reflect confidence or uncertainty. Dropout, a commonly used training technique, has recently been linked to Bayesian inference, yielding an efficient way to quantify uncertainty in neural network models. However, as previously demonstrated, confidence estimates computed with a naive implementation of dropout can be poorly calibrated, particularly when using convolutional networks. In this paper, through the lens of ensemble learning, we associate calibration error with the correlation between the models sampled with dropout. Motivated by this, we explore the use of structured dropout to promote model diversity and improve confidence calibration. We use the SVHN, CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets to empirically compare model diversity and confidence errors obtained using various dropout techniques. We also show the merit of structured dropout in a Bayesian active learning application. 
### 57.Learning Activation Functions: A new paradigm of understanding Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09529.pdf)
>  There has been limited research in the domain of activation functions, most of which has focused on improving the ease of optimization of neural networks (NNs). However, to develop a deeper understanding of deep learning, it becomes important to look at the non linear component of NNs more carefully. In this paper, we aim to provide a generic form of activation function along with appropriate mathematical grounding so as to allow for insights into the working of NNs in future. We propose "Self-Learnable Activation Functions" (SLAF), which are learned during training and are capable of approximating most of the existing activation functions. SLAF is given as a weighted sum of pre-defined basis elements which can serve for a good approximation of the optimal activation function. The coefficients for these basis elements allow a search in the entire space of continuous functions (consisting of all the conventional activations). We propose various training routines which can be used to achieve performance with SLAF equipped neural networks (SLNNs). We prove that SLNNs can approximate any neural network with lipschitz continuous activations, to any arbitrary error highlighting their capacity and possible equivalence with standard NNs. Also, SLNNs can be completely represented as a collections of finite degree polynomial upto the very last layer obviating several hyper parameters like width and depth. Since the optimization of SLNNs is still a challenge, we show that using SLAF along with standard activations (like ReLU) can provide performance improvements with only a small increase in number of parameters. 
### 58.Adversarial Examples to Fool Iris Recognition Systems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09300.pdf)
>  Adversarial examples have recently proven to be able to fool deep learning methods by adding carefully crafted small perturbation to the input space image. In this paper, we study the possibility of generating adversarial examples for code-based iris recognition systems. Since generating adversarial examples requires back-propagation of the adversarial loss, conventional filter bank-based iris-code generation frameworks cannot be employed in such a setup. Therefore, to compensate for this shortcoming, we propose to train a deep auto-encoder surrogate network to mimic the conventional iris code generation procedure. This trained surrogate network is then deployed to generate the adversarial examples using the iterative gradient sign method algorithm. We consider non-targeted and targeted attacks through three attack scenarios. Considering these attacks, we study the possibility of fooling an iris recognition system in white-box and black-box frameworks. 
### 59.A Multitask Network for Localization and Recognition of Text in Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09266.pdf)
>  We present an end-to-end trainable multi-task network that addresses the problem of lexicon-free text extraction from complex documents. This network simultaneously solves the problems of text localization and text recognition and text segments are identified with no post-processing, cropping, or word grouping. A convolutional backbone and Feature Pyramid Network are combined to provide a shared representation that benefits each of three model heads: text localization, classification, and text recognition. To improve recognition accuracy, we describe a dynamic pooling mechanism that retains high-resolution information across all RoIs. For text recognition, we propose a convolutional mechanism with attention which out-performs more common recurrent architectures. Our model is evaluated against benchmark datasets and comparable methods and achieves high performance in challenging regimes of non-traditional OCR. 
