# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 12 Jun 2019
### 1.Shapes and Context: In-the-Wild Image Synthesis &amp; Manipulation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04728.pdf)
>  We introduce a data-driven approach for interactively synthesizing in-the-wild images from semantic label maps. Our approach is dramatically different from recent work in this space, in that we make use of no learning. Instead, our approach uses simple but classic tools for matching scene context, shapes, and parts to a stored library of exemplars. Though simple, this approach has several notable advantages over recent work: (1) because nothing is learned, it is not limited to specific training data distributions (such as cityscapes, facades, or faces); (2) it can synthesize arbitrarily high-resolution images, limited only by the resolution of the exemplar library; (3) by appropriately composing shapes and parts, it can generate an exponentially large set of viable candidate output images (that can say, be interactively searched by a user). We present results on the diverse COCO dataset, significantly outperforming learning-based approaches on standard image synthesis metrics. Finally, we explore user-interaction and user-controllability, demonstrating that our system can be used as a platform for user-driven content creation. 
### 2.Clouds of Oriented Gradients for 3D Detection of Objects, Surfaces, and Indoor Scene Layouts  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04725.pdf)
>  We develop new representations and algorithms for three-dimensional (3D) object detection and spatial layout prediction in cluttered indoor scenes. We first propose a clouds of oriented gradient (COG) descriptor that links the 2D appearance and 3D pose of object categories, and thus accurately models how perspective projection affects perceived image gradients. To better represent the 3D visual styles of large objects and provide contextual cues to improve the detection of small objects, we introduce latent support surfaces. We then propose a "Manhattan voxel" representation which better captures the 3D room layout geometry of common indoor environments. Effective classification rules are learned via a latent structured prediction framework. Contextual relationships among categories and layout are captured via a cascade of classifiers, leading to holistic scene hypotheses that exceed the state-of-the-art on the SUN RGB-D database. 
### 3.3-D Surface Segmentation Meets Conditional Random Fields  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04714.pdf)
>  Automated surface segmentation is important and challenging in many medical image analysis applications. Recent deep learning based methods have been developed for various object segmentation tasks. Most of them are a classification based approach, e.g. U-net, which predicts the probability of being target object or background for each voxel. One problem of those methods is lacking of topology guarantee for segmented objects, and usually post processing is needed to infer the boundary surface of the object. In this paper, a novel model based on 3-D convolutional neural network (CNN) and Conditional Random Fields (CRFs) is proposed to tackle the surface segmentation problem with end-to-end training. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to apply a 3-D neural network with a CRFs model for direct surface segmentation. Experiments carried out on NCI-ISBI 2013 MR prostate dataset and Medical Segmentation Decathlon Spleen dataset demonstrated very promising segmentation results. 
### 4.Rethinking Person Re-Identification with Confidence  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04692.pdf)
>  A common challenge in person re-identification systems is to differentiate people with very similar appearances. The current learning frameworks based on cross-entropy minimization are not suited for this challenge. To tackle this issue, we propose to modify the cross-entropy loss and model confidence in the representation learning framework using three methods: label smoothing, confidence penalty, and deep variational information bottleneck. A key property of our approach is the fact that we do not make use of any hand-crafted human characteristics but rather focus our attention on the learning supervision. Although methods modeling confidence did not show significant improvements on other computer vision tasks such as object classification, we are able to show their notable effect on the task of re-identifying people outperforming state-of-the-art methods on 3 publicly available datasets. Our analysis and experiments not only offer insights into the problems that person re-id suffers from, but also provide a simple and straightforward recipe to tackle this issue. 
### 5.Gated CRF Loss for Weakly Supervised Semantic Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04651.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art approaches for semantic segmentation rely on deep convolutional neural networks trained on fully annotated datasets, that have been shown to be notoriously expensive to collect, both in terms of time and money. To remedy this situation, weakly supervised methods leverage other forms of supervision that require substantially less annotation effort, but they typically present an inability to predict precise object boundaries due to approximate nature of the supervisory signals in those regions. While great progress has been made in improving the performance, many of these weakly supervised methods are highly tailored to their own specific settings. This raises challenges in reusing algorithms and making steady progress. In this paper, we intentionally avoid such practices when tackling weakly supervised semantic segmentation. In particular, we train standard neural networks with partial cross-entropy loss function for the labeled pixels and our proposed Gated CRF loss for the unlabeled pixels. The Gated CRF loss is designed to deliver several important assets: 1) it enables flexibility in the kernel construction to mask out influence from undesired pixel positions; 2) it offloads learning contextual relations to CNN and concentrates on semantic boundaries; 3) it does not rely on high-dimensional filtering and thus has a simple implementation. Throughout the paper we present the advantages of the loss function, analyze several aspects of weakly supervised training, and show that our `purist' approach achieves state-of-the-art performance for both click-based and scribble-based annotations. 
### 6.Scale Invariant Fully Convolutional Network: Detecting Hands Efficiently  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04634.pdf)
>  Existing hand detection methods usually follow the pipeline of multiple stages with high computation cost, i.e., feature extraction, region proposal, bounding box regression, and additional layers for rotated region detection. In this paper, we propose a new Scale Invariant Fully Convolutional Network (SIFCN) trained in an end-to-end fashion to detect hands efficiently. Specifically, we merge the feature maps from high to low layers in an iterative way, which handles different scales of hands better with less time overhead comparing to concatenating them simply. Moreover, we develop the Complementary Weighted Fusion (CWF) block to make full use of the distinctive features among multiple layers to achieve scale invariance. To deal with rotated hand detection, we present the rotation map to get rid of complex rotation and derotation layers. Besides, we design the multi-scale loss scheme to accelerate the training process significantly by adding supervision to the intermediate layers of the network. Compared with the state-of-the-art methods, our algorithm shows comparable accuracy and runs a 4.23 times faster speed on the VIVA dataset and achieves better average precision on Oxford hand detection dataset at a speed of 62.5 fps. 
### 7.On Stabilizing Generative Adversarial Training with Noise  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04612.pdf)
>  We present a novel method and analysis to train generative adversarial networks (GAN) in a stable manner. As shown in recent analysis, training is often undermined by the probability distribution of the data being zero on neighborhoods of the data space. We notice that the distributions of real and generated data should match even when they undergo the same filtering. Therefore, to address the limited support problem we propose to train GANs by using different filtered versions of the real and generated data distributions. In this way, filtering does not prevent the exact matching of the data distribution, while helping training by extending the support of both distributions. As filtering we consider adding samples from an arbitrary distribution to the data, which corresponds to a convolution of the data distribution with the arbitrary one. We also propose to learn the generation of these samples so as to challenge the discriminator in the adversarial training. We show that our approach results in a stable and well-behaved training of even the original minimax GAN formulation. Moreover, our technique can be incorporated in most modern GAN formulations and leads to a consistent improvement on several common datasets. 
### 8.Mimic and Fool: A Task Agnostic Adversarial Attack  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04606.pdf)
>  At present, adversarial attacks are designed in a task-specific fashion. However, for downstream computer vision tasks such as image captioning, image segmentation etc., the current deep learning systems use an image classifier like VGG16, ResNet50, Inception-v3 etc. as a feature extractor. Keeping this in mind, we propose Mimic and Fool, a task agnostic adversarial attack. Given a feature extractor, the proposed attack finds an adversarial image which can mimic the image feature of the original image. This ensures that the two images give the same (or similar) output regardless of the task. We randomly select 1000 MSCOCO validation images for experimentation. We perform experiments on two image captioning models, Show and Tell, Show Attend and Tell and one VQA model, namely, end-to-end neural module network (N2NMN). The proposed attack achieves success rate of 74.0%, 81.0% and 89.6% for Show and Tell, Show Attend and Tell and N2NMN respectively. We also propose a slight modification to our attack to generate natural-looking adversarial images. In addition, it is shown that the proposed attack also works for invertible architecture. Since Mimic and Fool only requires information about the feature extractor of the model, it can be considered as a gray-box attack. 
### 9.Joint Subspace Recovery and Enhanced Locality Driven Robust Flexible Discriminative Dictionary Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04598.pdf)
>  We propose a joint subspace recovery and enhanced locality based robust flexible label consistent dictionary learning method called Robust Flexible Discriminative Dictionary Learning (RFDDL). RFDDL mainly improves the data representation and classification abilities by enhancing the robust property to sparse errors and encoding the locality, reconstruction error and label consistency more accurately. First, for the robustness to noise and sparse errors in data and atoms, RFDDL aims at recovering the underlying clean data and clean atom subspaces jointly, and then performs DL and encodes the locality in the recovered subspaces. Second, to enable the data sampled from a nonlinear manifold to be handled potentially and obtain the accurate reconstruction by avoiding the overfitting, RFDDL minimizes the reconstruction error in a flexible manner. Third, to encode the label consistency accurately, RFDDL involves a discriminative flexible sparse code error to encourage the coefficients to be soft. Fourth, to encode the locality well, RFDDL defines the Laplacian matrix over recovered atoms, includes label information of atoms in terms of intra-class compactness and inter-class separation, and associates with group sparse codes and classifier to obtain the accurate discriminative locality-constrained coefficients and classifier. Extensive results on public databases show the effectiveness of our RFDDL. 
### 10.Challenges in Time-Stamp Aware Anomaly Detection in Traffic Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04574.pdf)
>  Time-stamp aware anomaly detection in traffic videos is an essential task for the advancement of the intelligent transportation system. Anomaly detection in videos is a challenging problem due to sparse occurrence of anomalous events, inconsistent behavior of a different type of anomalies and imbalanced available data for normal and abnormal scenarios. In this paper, we present a three-stage pipeline to learn the motion patterns in videos to detect a visual anomaly. First, the background is estimated from recent history frames to identify the motionless objects. This background image is used to localize the normal/abnormal behavior within the frame. Further, we detect an object of interest in the estimated background and categorize it into anomaly based on a time-stamp aware anomaly detection algorithm. We also discuss the challenges faced in improving performance over the unseen test data for traffic anomaly detection. Experiments are conducted over Track 3 of NVIDIA AI city challenge 2019. The results show the effectiveness of the proposed method in detecting time-stamp aware anomalies in traffic/road videos. 
### 11.CVPR19 Tracking and Detection Challenge: How crowded can it get?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04567.pdf)
>  Standardized benchmarks are crucial for the majority of computer vision applications. Although leaderboards and ranking tables should not be over-claimed, benchmarks often provide the most objective measure of performance and are therefore important guides for research. <br>The benchmark for Multiple Object Tracking, MOTChallenge, was launched with the goal to establish a standardized evaluation of multiple object tracking methods. The challenge focuses on multiple people tracking, since pedestrians are well studied in the tracking community, and precise tracking and detection has high practical relevance. Since the first release, MOT15, MOT16 and MOT17 have tremendously contributed to the community by introducing a clean dataset and precise framework to benchmark multi-object trackers. In this paper, we present our CVPR19 benchmark, consisting of 8 new sequences depicting very crowded challenging scenes. The benchmark will be presented at the 4th BMTT MOT Challenge Workshop at the Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Conference (CVPR) 2019, and will evaluate the state-of-the-art in multiple object tracking whend handling extremely crowded scenarios. 
### 12.Learning robust visual representations using data augmentation invariance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04547.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks trained for image object categorization have shown remarkable similarities with representations found across the primate ventral visual stream. Yet, artificial and biological networks still exhibit important differences. Here we investigate one such property: increasing invariance to identity-preserving image transformations found along the ventral stream. Despite theoretical evidence that invariance should emerge naturally from the optimization process, we present empirical evidence that the activations of convolutional neural networks trained for object categorization are not robust to identity-preserving image transformations commonly used in data augmentation. As a solution, we propose data augmentation invariance, an unsupervised learning objective which improves the robustness of the learned representations by promoting the similarity between the activations of augmented image samples. Our results show that this approach is a simple, yet effective and efficient (10 % increase in training time) way of increasing the invariance of the models while obtaining similar categorization performance. 
### 13.Simultaneously Learning Architectures and Features of Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04505.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel method which simultaneously learns the number of filters and network features repeatedly over multiple epochs. We propose a novel pruning loss to explicitly enforces the optimizer to focus on promising candidate filters while suppressing contributions of less relevant ones. In the meanwhile, we further propose to enforce the diversities between filters and this diversity-based regularization term improves the trade-off between model sizes and accuracies. It turns out the interplay between architecture and feature optimizations improves the final compressed models, and the proposed method is compared favorably to existing methods, in terms of both models sizes and accuracies for a wide range of applications including image classification, image compression and audio classification. 
### 14.Cross-Modal Relationship Inference for Grounding Referring Expressions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04464.pdf)
>  Grounding referring expressions is a fundamental yet challenging task facilitating human-machine communication in the physical world. It locates the target object in an image on the basis of the comprehension of the relationships between referring natural language expressions and the image. A feasible solution for grounding referring expressions not only needs to extract all the necessary information (i.e., objects and the relationships among them) in both the image and referring expressions, but also compute and represent multimodal contexts from the extracted information. Unfortunately, existing work on grounding referring expressions cannot extract multi-order relationships from the referring expressions accurately and the contexts they obtain have discrepancies with the contexts described by referring expressions. In this paper, we propose a Cross-Modal Relationship Extractor (CMRE) to adaptively highlight objects and relationships, that have connections with a given expression, with a cross-modal attention mechanism, and represent the extracted information as a language-guided visual relation graph. In addition, we propose a Gated Graph Convolutional Network (GGCN) to compute multimodal semantic contexts by fusing information from different modes and propagating multimodal information in the structured relation graph. Experiments on various common benchmark datasets show that our Cross-Modal Relationship Inference Network, which consists of CMRE and GGCN, outperforms all existing state-of-the-art methods. 
### 15.TW-SMNet: Deep Multitask Learning of Tele-Wide Stereo Matching  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04463.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce the problem of estimating the real world depth of elements in a scene captured by two cameras with different field of views, where the first field of view (FOV) is a Wide FOV (WFOV) captured by a wide angle lens, and the second FOV is contained in the first FOV and is captured by a tele zoom lens. We refer to the problem of estimating the inverse depth for the union of FOVs, while leveraging the stereo information in the overlapping FOV, as Tele-Wide Stereo Matching (TW-SM). We propose different deep learning solutions to the TW-SM problem. Since the disparity is proportional to the inverse depth, we train stereo matching disparity estimation (SMDE) networks to estimate the disparity for the union WFOV. We further propose an end-to-end deep multitask tele-wide stereo matching neural network (MT-TW-SMNet), which simultaneously learns the SMDE task for the overlapped Tele FOV and the single image inverse depth estimation (SIDE) task for the WFOV. Moreover, we design multiple methods for the fusion of the SMDE and SIDE networks. We evaluate the performance of TW-SM on the popular KITTI and SceneFlow stereo datasets, and demonstrate its practicality by synthesizing the Bokeh effect on the WFOV from a tele-wide stereo image pair. 
### 16.Bag of Color Features For Color Constancy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04445.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel color constancy approach, called Bag of Color Features (BoCF), building upon Bag-of-Features pooling. The proposed method substantially reduces the number of parameters needed for illumination estimation. At the same time, the proposed method is consistent with the color constancy assumption stating that global spatial information is not relevant for illumination estimation and local information ( edges, etc.) is sufficient. Furthermore, BoCF is consistent with color constancy statistical approaches and can be interpreted as a learning-based generalization of many statistical approaches. To further improve the illumination estimation accuracy, we propose a novel attention mechanism for the BoCF model with two variants based on self-attention. BoCF approach and its variants achieve competitive, compared to the state of the art, results while requiring much fewer parameters on three benchmark datasets: ColorChecker RECommended, INTEL-TUT version 2, and NUS8. 
### 17.Single Image Blind Deblurring Using Multi-Scale Latent Structure Prior  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04442.pdf)
>  Blind image deblurring is a challenging problem in computer vision, which aims to restore both the blur kernel and the latent sharp image from only a blurry observation. Inspired by the prevalent self-example prior in image super-resolution, in this paper, we observe that a coarse enough image down-sampled from a blurry observation is approximately a low-resolution version of the latent sharp image. We prove this phenomenon theoretically and define the coarse enough image as a latent structure prior of the unknown sharp image. Starting from this prior, we propose to restore sharp images from the coarsest scale to the finest scale on a blurry image pyramid, and progressively update the prior image using the newly restored sharp image. These coarse-to-fine priors are referred to as \textit{Multi-Scale Latent Structures} (MSLS). Leveraging the MSLS prior, our algorithm comprises two phases: 1) we first preliminarily restore sharp images in the coarse scales; 2) we then apply a refinement process in the finest scale to obtain the final deblurred image. In each scale, to achieve lower computational complexity, we alternately perform a sharp image reconstruction with fast local self-example matching, an accelerated kernel estimation with error compensation, and a fast non-blind image deblurring, instead of computing any computationally expensive non-convex priors. We further extend the proposed algorithm to solve more challenging non-uniform blind image deblurring problem. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our algorithm achieves competitive results against the state-of-the-art methods with much faster running speed. 
### 18.On the Vector Space in Photoplethysmography Imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04431.pdf)
>  We study the vector space of visible wavelength intensities from face videos widely used as input features in Photoplethysmography Imaging (PPGI). Based upon theoretical principles of Group invariance in the Euclidean space we derive a change of the topology where the corresponding distance between successive measurements is defined as geodesic on a Riemannian manifold. This lower dimensional embedding of the sensor signal unifies the invariance properties with respect to translation of the features as discussed by several former approaches. The resulting operator acts implicit on the feature space without requiring any kind of prior knowledge and does not need parameter tuning. The resulting feature's time varying quasi-periodic shaping naturally occurs in form of the canonical state space representation according to the known Diffusion process of blood volume changes. The computational complexity is low and the implementation becomes fairly simple. During experiments the operator achieved robust and competitive estimation performance of heart rate from face videos on two public databases. 
### 19.NAS-FCOS: Fast Neural Architecture Search for Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04423.pdf)
>  The success of deep neural networks relies on significant architecture engineering. Recently neural architecture search (NAS) has emerged as a promise to greatly reduce manual effort in network design by automatically searching for optimal architectures, although typically such algorithms need an excessive amount of computational resources, e.g., a few thousand GPU-days. To date, on challenging vision tasks such as object detection, NAS, especially fast versions of NAS, is less studied. Here we propose to search for the decoder structure of object detectors with search efficiency being taken into consideration. To be more specific, we aim to efficiently search for the feature pyramid network (FPN) as well as the prediction head of a simple anchor-free object detector, namely FCOS [20], using a tailored reinforcement learning paradigm. With carefully designed search space, search algorithms and strategies for evaluating network quality, we are able to efficiently search more than 2, 000 architectures in around 30 GPU-days. The discovered architecture surpasses state-of-the-art object detection models (such as Faster R-CNN, RetinaNet and FCOS) by 1 to 1.9 points in AP on the COCO dataset, with comparable computation complexity and memory footprint, demonstrating the efficacy of the proposed NAS for object detection. 
### 20.Few-Shot Point Cloud Region Annotation with Human in the Loop  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04409.pdf)
>  We propose a point cloud annotation framework that employs human-in-loop learning to enable the creation of large point cloud datasets with per-point annotations. Sparse labels from a human annotator are iteratively propagated to generate a full segmentation of the network by fine-tuning a pre-trained model of an allied task via a few-shot learning paradigm. We show that the proposed framework significantly reduces the amount of human interaction needed in annotating point clouds, without sacrificing on the quality of the annotations. Our experiments also suggest the suitability of the framework in annotating large datasets by noting a reduction in human interaction as the number of full annotations completed by the system increases. Finally, we demonstrate the flexibility of the framework to support multiple different annotations of the same point cloud enabling the creation of datasets with different granularities of annotation. 
### 21.iProStruct2D: Identifying protein structural classes by deep learning via 2D representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04407.pdf)
>  In this paper we address the problem of protein classification starting from a multi-view 2D representation of proteins. From each 3D protein structure, a large set of 2D projections is generated using the protein visualization software Jmol. This set of multi-view 2D representations includes 13 different types of protein visualizations that emphasize specific properties of protein structure (e.g., a backbone visualization that displays the backbone structure of the protein as a trace of the C{\alpha} atom). Each type of representation is used to train a different Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), and the fusion of these CNNs is shown to be able to exploit the diversity of different types of representations to improve classification performance. In addition, several multi-view projections are obtained by uniformly rotating the protein structure around its central X, Y, and Z viewing axes to produce 125 images. This approach can be considered a data augmentation method for improving the performance of the classifier and can be used in both the training and the testing phases. Experimental evaluation of the proposed approach on two datasets demonstrates the strength of the proposed method with respect to the other state-of-the-art approaches. The MATLAB code used in this paper is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LorisNanni" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 22.Polysemous Visual-Semantic Embedding for Cross-Modal Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04402.pdf)
>  Visual-semantic embedding aims to find a shared latent space where related visual and textual instances are close to each other. Most current methods learn injective embedding functions that map an instance to a single point in the shared space. Unfortunately, injective embedding cannot effectively handle polysemous instances with multiple possible meanings; at best, it would find an average representation of different meanings. This hinders its use in real-world scenarios where individual instances and their cross-modal associations are often ambiguous. In this work, we introduce Polysemous Instance Embedding Networks (PIE-Nets) that compute multiple and diverse representations of an instance by combining global context with locally-guided features via multi-head self-attention and residual learning. To learn visual-semantic embedding, we tie-up two PIE-Nets and optimize them jointly in the multiple instance learning framework. Most existing work on cross-modal retrieval focuses on image-text data. Here, we also tackle a more challenging case of video-text retrieval. To facilitate further research in video-text retrieval, we release a new dataset of 50K video-sentence pairs collected from social media, dubbed MRW (my reaction when). We demonstrate our approach on both image-text and video-text retrieval scenarios using MS-COCO, TGIF, and our new MRW dataset. 
### 23.Subspace Attack: Exploiting Promising Subspaces for Query-Efficient Black-box Attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04392.pdf)
>  Unlike the white-box counterparts that are widely studied and readily accessible, adversarial examples in black-box settings are generally more Herculean on account of the difficulty of estimating gradients. Many methods achieve the task by issuing numerous queries to target classification systems, which makes the whole procedure costly and suspicious to the systems. In this paper, we aim at reducing the query complexity of black-box attacks in this category. We propose to exploit gradients of a few reference models which arguably span some promising search subspaces. Experimental results show that, in comparison with the state-of-the-arts, our method can gain up to 2x and 4x reductions in the requisite mean and medium numbers of queries with much lower failure rates even if the reference models are trained on a small and inadequate dataset disjoint to the one for training the victim model. Code and models for reproducing our results will be made publicly available. 
### 24.Band Attention Convolutional Networks For Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04379.pdf)
>  Redundancy and noise exist in the bands of hyperspectral images (HSIs). Thus, it is a good property to be able to select suitable parts from hundreds of input bands for HSIs classification methods. In this letter, a band attention module (BAM) is proposed to implement the deep learning based HSIs classification with the capacity of band selection or weighting. The proposed BAM can be seen as a plug-and-play complementary component of the existing classification networks which fully considers the adverse effects caused by the redundancy of the bands when using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for HSIs classification. Unlike most of deep learning methods used in HSIs, the band attention module which is customized according to the characteristics of hyperspectral images is embedded in the ordinary CNNs for better performance. At the same time, unlike classical band selection or weighting methods, the proposed method achieves the end-to-end training instead of the separated stages. Experiments are carried out on two HSI benchmark datasets. Compared to some classical and advanced deep learning methods, numerical simulations under different evaluation criteria show that the proposed method have good performance. Last but not least, some advanced CNNs are combined with the proposed BAM for better performance. 
### 25.PAN: Projective Adversarial Network for Medical Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04378.pdf)
>  Adversarial learning has been proven to be effective for capturing long-range and high-level label consistencies in semantic segmentation. Unique to medical imaging, capturing 3D semantics in an effective yet computationally efficient way remains an open problem. In this study, we address this computational burden by proposing a novel projective adversarial network, called PAN, which incorporates high-level 3D information through 2D projections. Furthermore, we introduce an attention module into our framework that helps for a selective integration of global information directly from our segmentor to our adversarial network. For the clinical application we chose pancreas segmentation from CT scans. Our proposed framework achieved state-of-the-art performance without adding to the complexity of the segmentor. 
### 26.Recognizing License Plates in Real-Time  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04376.pdf)
>  License plate detection and recognition (LPDR) is of growing importance for enabling intelligent transportation and ensuring the security and safety of the cities. However, LPDR faces a big challenge in a practical environment. The license plates can have extremely diverse sizes, fonts and colors, and the plate images are usually of poor quality caused by skewed capturing angles, uneven lighting, occlusion, and blurring. In applications such as surveillance, it often requires fast processing. To enable real-time and accurate license plate recognition, in this work, we propose a set of techniques: 1) a contour reconstruction method along with edge-detection to quickly detect the candidate plates; 2) a simple zero-one-alternation scheme to effectively remove the fake top and bottom borders around plates to facilitate more accurate segmentation of characters on plates; 3) a set of techniques to augment the training data, incorporate SIFT features into the CNN network, and exploit transfer learning to obtain the initial parameters for more effective training; and 4) a two-phase verification procedure to determine the correct plate at low cost, a statistical filtering in the plate detection stage to quickly remove unwanted candidates, and the accurate CR results after the CR process to perform further plate verification without additional processing. We implement a complete LPDR system based on our algorithms. The experimental results demonstrate that our system can accurately recognize license plate in real-time. Additionally, it works robustly under various levels of illumination and noise, and in the presence of car movement. Compared to peer schemes, our system is not only among the most accurate ones but is also the fastest, and can be easily applied to other scenarios. 
### 27.Object-aware Aggregation with Bidirectional Temporal Graph for Video Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04375.pdf)
>  Video captioning aims to automatically generate natural language descriptions of video content, which has drawn a lot of attention recent years. Generating accurate and fine-grained captions needs to not only understand the global content of video, but also capture the detailed object information. Meanwhile, video representations have great impact on the quality of generated captions. Thus, it is important for video captioning to capture salient objects with their detailed temporal dynamics, and represent them using discriminative spatio-temporal representations. In this paper, we propose a new video captioning approach based on object-aware aggregation with bidirectional temporal graph (OA-BTG), which captures detailed temporal dynamics for salient objects in video, and learns discriminative spatio-temporal representations by performing object-aware local feature aggregation on detected object regions. The main novelties and advantages are: (1) Bidirectional temporal graph: A bidirectional temporal graph is constructed along and reversely along the temporal order, which provides complementary ways to capture the temporal trajectories for each salient object. (2) Object-aware aggregation: Learnable VLAD (Vector of Locally Aggregated Descriptors) models are constructed on object temporal trajectories and global frame sequence, which performs object-aware aggregation to learn discriminative representations. A hierarchical attention mechanism is also developed to distinguish different contributions of multiple objects. Experiments on two widely-used datasets demonstrate our OA-BTG achieves state-of-the-art performance in terms of BLEU@4, METEOR and CIDEr metrics. 
### 28.Hybrid Function Sparse Representation towards Image Super Resolution  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04363.pdf)
>  Sparse representation with training-based dictionary has been shown successful on super resolution(SR) but still have some limitations. Based on the idea of making the magnification of function curve without losing its fidelity, we proposed a function based dictionary on sparse representation for super resolution, called hybrid function sparse representation (HFSR). The dictionary we designed is directly generated by preset hybrid functions without additional training, which can be scaled to any size as is required due to its scalable property. We mixed approximated Heaviside function (AHF), sine function and DCT function as the dictionary. Multi-scale refinement is then proposed to utilize the scalable property of the dictionary to improve the results. In addition, a reconstruct strategy is adopted to deal with the overlaps. The experiments on Set14 SR dataset show that our method has an excellent performance particularly with regards to images containing rich details and contexts compared with non-learning based state-of-the art methods. 
### 29.FAMED-Net: A Fast and Accurate Multi-scale End-to-end Dehazing Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04334.pdf)
>  Single image dehazing is a critical image pre-processing step for subsequent high-level computer vision tasks. However, it remains challenging due to its ill-posed nature. Existing dehazing models tend to suffer from model overcomplexity and computational inefficiency or have limited representation capacity. To tackle these challenges, here we propose a fast and accurate multi-scale end-to-end dehazing network called FAMED-Net, which comprises encoders at three scales and a fusion module to efficiently and directly learn the haze-free image. Each encoder consists of cascaded and densely connected point-wise convolutional layers and pooling layers. Since no larger convolutional kernels are used and features are reused layer-by-layer, FAMED-Net is lightweight and computationally efficient. Thorough empirical studies on public synthetic datasets (including RESIDE) and real-world hazy images demonstrate the superiority of FAMED-Net over other representative state-of-the-art models with respect to model complexity, computational efficiency, restoration accuracy, and cross-set generalization. The code will be made publicly available. 
### 30.Online Object Representations with Contrastive Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04312.pdf)
>  We propose a self-supervised approach for learning representations of objects from monocular videos and demonstrate it is particularly useful in situated settings such as robotics. The main contributions of this paper are: 1) a self-supervising objective trained with contrastive learning that can discover and disentangle object attributes from video without using any labels; 2) we leverage object self-supervision for online adaptation: the longer our online model looks at objects in a video, the lower the object identification error, while the offline baseline remains with a large fixed error; 3) to explore the possibilities of a system entirely free of human supervision, we let a robot collect its own data, train on this data with our self-supervise scheme, and then show the robot can point to objects similar to the one presented in front of it, demonstrating generalization of object attributes. An interesting and perhaps surprising finding of this approach is that given a limited set of objects, object correspondences will naturally emerge when using contrastive learning without requiring explicit positive pairs. Videos illustrating online object adaptation and robotic pointing are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://online-objects.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 31.Semantic-guided Encoder Feature Learning for Blurry Boundary Delineation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04306.pdf)
>  Encoder-decoder architectures are widely adopted for medical image segmentation tasks. With the lateral skip connection, the models can obtain and fuse both semantic and resolution information in deep layers to achieve more accurate segmentation performance. However, in many applications (e.g., blurry boundary images), these models often cannot precisely locate complex boundaries and segment tiny isolated parts. To solve this challenging problem, we firstly analyze why simple skip connections are not enough to help accurately locate indistinct boundaries and argue that it is due to the fuzzy information in the skip connection provided in the encoder layers. Then we propose a semantic-guided encoder feature learning strategy to learn both high resolution and rich semantic encoder features so that we can more accurately locate the blurry boundaries, which can also enhance the network by selectively learning discriminative features. Besides, we further propose a soft contour constraint mechanism to model the blurry boundary detection. Experimental results on real clinical datasets show that our proposed method can achieve state-of-the-art segmentation accuracy, especially for the blurry regions. Further analysis also indicates that our proposed network components indeed contribute to the improvement of performance. Experiments on additional datasets validate the generalization ability of our proposed method. 
### 32.SymNet: Symmetrical Filters in Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04252.pdf)
>  Symmetry is present in nature and science. In image processing, kernels for spatial filtering possess some symmetry (e.g. Sobel operators, Gaussian, Laplacian). Convolutional layers in artificial feed-forward neural networks have typically considered the kernel weights without any constraint. In this paper, we propose to investigate the impact of a symmetry constraint in convolutional layers for image classification tasks, taking our inspiration from the processes involved in the primary visual cortex and common image processing techniques. The goal is to assess the extent to which it is possible to enforce symmetrical constraints on the filters throughout the training process of a convolutional neural network (CNN) by modifying the weight update preformed during the backpropagation algorithm and to evaluate the change in performance. The main hypothesis of this paper is that the symmetrical constraint reduces the number of free parameters in the network, and it is able to achieve near identical performance to the modern methodology of training. In particular, we address the following cases: x/y-axis symmetry, point reflection, and anti-point reflection. The performance has been evaluated on four databases of images. The results support the conclusion that while random weights offer more freedom to the model, the symmetry constraint provides a similar level of performance while decreasing substantially the number of free parameters in the model. Such an approach can be valuable in phase-sensitive applications that require a linear phase property throughout the feature extraction process. 
### 33.FASTER Recurrent Networks for Video Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04226.pdf)
>  Video classification methods often divide the video into short clips, do inference on these clips independently, and then aggregate these predictions to generate the final classification result. Treating these highly-correlated clips as independent both ignores the temporal structure of the signal and carries a large computational cost: the model must process each clip from scratch. To reduce this cost, recent efforts have focused on designing more efficient clip-level network architectures. Less attention, however, has been paid to the overall framework, including how to benefit from correlations between neighboring clips and improving the aggregation strategy itself. In this paper we leverage the correlation between adjacent video clips to address the problem of computational cost efficiency in video classification at the aggregation stage. More specifically, given a clip feature representation, the problem of computing next clip's representation becomes much easier. We propose a novel recurrent architecture called FASTER for video-level classification, that combines high quality, expensive representations of clips, that capture the action in detail, and lightweight representations, which capture scene changes in the video and avoid redundant computation. We also propose a novel processing unit to learn integration of clip-level representations, as well as their temporal structure. We call this unit FAST-GRU, as it is based on the Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU). The proposed framework achieves significantly better FLOPs vs. accuracy trade-off at inference time. Compared to existing approaches, our proposed framework reduces the FLOPs by more than 10x while maintaining similar accuracy across popular datasets, such as Kinetics, UCF101 and HMDB51. 
### 34.End-to-End CAD Model Retrieval and 9DoF Alignment in 3D Scans  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04201.pdf)
>  We present a novel, end-to-end approach to align CAD models to an 3D scan of a scene, enabling transformation of a noisy, incomplete 3D scan to a compact, CAD reconstruction with clean, complete object geometry. Our main contribution lies in formulating a differentiable Procrustes alignment that is paired with a symmetry-aware dense object correspondence prediction. To simultaneously align CAD models to all the objects of a scanned scene, our approach detects object locations, then predicts symmetry-aware dense object correspondences between scan and CAD geometry in a unified object space, as well as a nearest neighbor CAD model, both of which are then used to inform a differentiable Procrustes alignment. Our approach operates in a fully-convolutional fashion, enabling alignment of CAD models to the objects of a scan in a single forward pass. This enables our method to outperform state-of-the-art approaches by $19.04\%$ for CAD model alignment to scans, with $\approx 250\times$ faster runtime than previous data-driven approaches. 
### 35.Data-Free Quantization through Weight Equalization and Bias Correction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04721.pdf)
>  We introduce a data-free quantization method for deep neural networks that does not require fine-tuning or hyperparameter selection. It achieves near-original model performance on common computer vision architectures and tasks. 8-bit fixed-point quantization is essential for efficient inference in modern deep learning hardware architectures. However, quantizing models to run in 8-bit is a non-trivial task, frequently leading to either significant performance reduction or engineering time spent on training a network to be amenable to quantization. Our approach relies on equalizing the weight ranges in the network by making use of a scale-equivariance property of activation functions. In addition the method corrects biases in the error that are introduced during quantization. This improves quantization accuracy performance, and can be applied ubiquitously to almost any model with a straight-forward API call. For common architectures, such as the MobileNet family, we achieve state-of-the-art quantized model performance. We further show that the method also extends to other computer vision architectures and tasks such as semantic segmentation and object detection. 
### 36.Automatic brain tissue segmentation in fetal MRI using convolutional neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04713.pdf)
>  MR images of fetuses allow clinicians to detect brain abnormalities in an early stage of development. The cornerstone of volumetric and morphologic analysis in fetal MRI is segmentation of the fetal brain into different tissue classes. Manual segmentation is cumbersome and time consuming, hence automatic segmentation could substantially simplify the procedure. However, automatic brain tissue segmentation in these scans is challenging owing to artifacts including intensity inhomogeneity, caused in particular by spontaneous fetal movements during the scan. Unlike methods that estimate the bias field to remove intensity inhomogeneity as a preprocessing step to segmentation, we propose to perform segmentation using a convolutional neural network that exploits images with synthetically introduced intensity inhomogeneity as data augmentation. The method first uses a CNN to extract the intracranial volume. Thereafter, another CNN with the same architecture is employed to segment the extracted volume into seven brain tissue classes: cerebellum, basal ganglia and thalami, ventricular cerebrospinal fluid, white matter, brain stem, cortical gray matter and extracerebral cerebrospinal fluid. To make the method applicable to slices showing intensity inhomogeneity artifacts, the training data was augmented by applying a combination of linear gradients with random offsets and orientations to image slices without artifacts. 
### 37.Generative adversarial network for segmentation of motion affected neonatal brain MRI  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04704.pdf)
>  Automatic neonatal brain tissue segmentation in preterm born infants is a prerequisite for evaluation of brain development. However, automatic segmentation is often hampered by motion artifacts caused by infant head movements during image acquisition. Methods have been developed to remove or minimize these artifacts during image reconstruction using frequency domain data. However, frequency domain data might not always be available. Hence, in this study we propose a method for removing motion artifacts from the already reconstructed MR scans. The method employs a generative adversarial network trained with a cycle consistency loss to transform slices affected by motion into slices without motion artifacts, and vice versa. In the experiments 40 T2-weighted coronal MR scans of preterm born infants imaged at 30 weeks postmenstrual age were used. All images contained slices affected by motion artifacts hampering automatic tissue segmentation. To evaluate whether correction allows more accurate image segmentation, the images were segmented into 8 tissue classes: cerebellum, myelinated white matter, basal ganglia and thalami, ventricular cerebrospinal fluid, white matter, brain stem, cortical gray matter, and extracerebral cerebrospinal fluid. Images corrected for motion and corresponding segmentations were qualitatively evaluated using 5-point Likert scale. Before the correction of motion artifacts, median image quality and quality of corresponding automatic segmentations were assigned grade 2 (poor) and 3 (moderate), respectively. After correction of motion artifacts, both improved to grades 3 and 4, respectively. The results indicate that correction of motion artifacts in the image space using the proposed approach allows accurate segmentation of brain tissue classes in slices affected by motion artifacts. 
### 38.On Single Source Robustness in Deep Fusion Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04691.pdf)
>  Algorithms that fuse multiple input sources benefit from both complementary and shared information. Shared information may provide robustness to faulty or noisy inputs, which is indispensable for safety-critical applications like self-driving cars. We investigate learning fusion algorithms that are robust against noise added to a single source. We first demonstrate that robustness against single source noise is not guaranteed in a linear fusion model. Motivated by this discovery, two possible approaches are proposed to increase robustness: a carefully designed loss with corresponding training algorithms for deep fusion models, and a simple convolutional fusion layer that has a structural advantage in dealing with noise. Experimental results show that both training algorithms and our fusion layer make a deep fusion-based 3D object detector robust against noise applied to a single source, while preserving the original performance on clean data. 
### 39.`Project &amp; Excite' Modules for Segmentation of Volumetric Medical Scans  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04649.pdf)
>  Fully Convolutional Neural Networks (F-CNNs) achieve state-of-the-art performance for image segmentation in medical imaging. Recently, squeeze and excitation (SE) modules and variations thereof have been introduced to recalibrate feature maps channel- and spatial-wise, which can boost performance while only minimally increasing model complexity. So far, the development of SE has focused on 2D images. In this paper, we propose `Project &amp; Excite' (PE) modules that base upon the ideas of SE and extend them to operating on 3D volumetric images. `Project &amp; Excite' does not perform global average pooling, but squeezes feature maps along different slices of a tensor separately to retain more spatial information that is subsequently used in the excitation step. We demonstrate that PE modules can be easily integrated in 3D U-Net, boosting performance by 5% Dice points, while only increasing the model complexity by 2%. We evaluate the PE module on two challenging tasks, whole-brain segmentation of MRI scans and whole-body segmentation of CT scans. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ai-med/squeeze_and_excitation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 40.DropConnect Is Effective in Modeling Uncertainty of Bayesian Deep Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04569.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved state-of-the-art performances in many important domains, including medical diagnosis, security, and autonomous driving. In these domains where safety is highly critical, an erroneous decision can result in serious consequences. While a perfect prediction accuracy is not always achievable, recent work on Bayesian deep networks shows that it is possible to know when DNNs are more likely to make mistakes. Knowing what DNNs do not know is desirable to increase the safety of deep learning technology in sensitive applications. Bayesian neural networks attempt to address this challenge. However, traditional approaches are computationally intractable and do not scale well to large, complex neural network architectures. In this paper, we develop a theoretical framework to approximate Bayesian inference for DNNs by imposing a Bernoulli distribution on the model weights. This method, called MC-DropConnect, gives us a tool to represent the model uncertainty with little change in the overall model structure or computational cost. We extensively validate the proposed algorithm on multiple network architectures and datasets for classification and semantic segmentation tasks. We also propose new metrics to quantify the uncertainty estimates. This enables an objective comparison between MC-DropConnect and prior approaches. Our empirical results demonstrate that the proposed framework yields significant improvement in both prediction accuracy and uncertainty estimation quality compared to the state of the art. 
### 41.Anomaly Detection in High Performance Computers: A Vicinity Perspective  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04550.pdf)
>  In response to the demand for higher computational power, the number of computing nodes in high performance computers (HPC) increases rapidly. Exascale HPC systems are expected to arrive by 2020. With drastic increase in the number of HPC system components, it is expected to observe a sudden increase in the number of failures which, consequently, poses a threat to the continuous operation of the HPC systems. Detecting failures as early as possible and, ideally, predicting them, is a necessary step to avoid interruptions in HPC systems operation. Anomaly detection is a well-known general purpose approach for failure detection, in computing systems. The majority of existing methods are designed for specific architectures, require adjustments on the computing systems hardware and software, need excessive information, or pose a threat to users' and systems' privacy. This work proposes a node failure detection mechanism based on a vicinity-based statistical anomaly detection approach using passively collected and anonymized system log entries. Application of the proposed approach on system logs collected over 8 months indicates an anomaly detection precision between 62% to 81%. 
### 42.BasisConv: A method for compressed representation and learning in CNNs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04509.pdf)
>  It is well known that Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have significant redundancy in their filter weights. Various methods have been proposed in the literature to compress trained CNNs. These include techniques like pruning weights, filter quantization and representing filters in terms of a basis functions. Our approach falls in this latter class of strategies, but is distinct in that that we show both compressed learning and representation can be achieved without significant modifications of popular CNN architectures. Specifically, any convolution layer of the CNN is easily replaced by two successive convolution layers: the first is a set of fixed filters (that represent the knowledge space of the entire layer and do not change), which is followed by a layer of one-dimensional filters (that represent the learned knowledge in this space). For the pre-trained networks, the fixed layer is just the truncated eigen-decompositions of the original filters. The 1D filters are initialized as the weights of linear combination, but are fine-tuned to recover any performance loss due to the truncation. For training networks from scratch, we use a set of random orthogonal fixed filters (that never change), and learn the 1D weight vector directly from the labeled data. Our method substantially reduces i) the number of learnable parameters during training, and ii) the number of multiplication operations and filter storage requirements during implementation. It does so without requiring any special operators in the convolution layer, and extends to all known popular CNN architectures. We apply our method to four well known network architectures trained with three different data sets. Results show a consistent reduction in i) the number of operations by up to a factor of 5, and ii) number of learnable parameters by up to a factor of 18, with less than 3% drop in performance on the CIFAR100 dataset. 
### 43.A Novel Cost Function for Despeckling using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04441.pdf)
>  Removing speckle noise from SAR images is still an open issue. It is well know that the interpretation of SAR images is very challenging and despeckling algorithms are necessary to improve the ability of extracting information. An urban environment makes this task more heavy due to different structures and to different objects scale. Following the recent spread of deep learning methods related to several remote sensing applications, in this work a convolutional neural networks based algorithm for despeckling is proposed. The network is trained on simulated SAR data. The paper is mainly focused on the implementation of a cost function that takes account of both spatial consistency of image and statistical properties of noise. 
### 44.Deep learning analysis of cardiac CT angiography for detection of coronary arteries with functionally significant stenosis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04419.pdf)
>  In patients with obstructive coronary artery disease, the functional significance of a coronary artery stenosis needs to be determined to guide treatment. This is typically established through fractional flow reserve (FFR) measurement, performed during invasive coronary angiography (ICA). We present a method for automatic and non-invasive detection of functionally significant coronary artery stenosis, employing deep unsupervised analysis of complete coronary arteries in cardiac CT angiography (CCTA) images. We retrospectively collected CCTA scans of 187 patients, 137 of them underwent invasive FFR measurement in 192 different coronary arteries. These FFR measurements served as a reference standard for the functional significance of the coronary stenosis. The centerlines of the coronary arteries were extracted and used to reconstruct straightened multi-planar reformatted (MPR) volumes. To automatically identify arteries with functionally significant stenosis, each MPR volume was encoded into a fixed number of encodings using two disjoint 3D and 1D convolutional autoencoders performing spatial and sequential encodings, respectively. Thereafter, these encodings were employed to classify arteries according to the presence of functionally significant stenosis using a support vector machine classifier. The detection of functionally significant stenosis, evaluated using repeated cross-validation experiments, resulted in an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of $0.81 \pm 0.02$ on the artery-level, and $0.87 \pm 0.02$ on the patient-level. The results demonstrate that automatic non-invasive detection of the functionally significant stenosis in coronary arteries, using characteristics of complete coronary arteries in CCTA images, is feasible. This could potentially reduce the number of patients that unnecessarily undergo ICA. 
### 45.SALT: Subspace Alignment as an Auxiliary Learning Task for Domain Adaptation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04338.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation aims to transfer and adapt knowledge learned from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. Key components of unsupervised domain adaptation include: (a) maximizing performance on the source, and (b) aligning the source and target domains. Traditionally, these tasks have either been considered as separate, or assumed to be implicitly addressed together with high-capacity feature extractors. In this paper, we advance a third broad approach; which we term SALT. The core idea is to consider alignment as an auxiliary task to the primary task of maximizing performance on the source. The auxiliary task is made rather simple by assuming a tractable data geometry in the form of subspaces. We synergistically allow certain parameters derived from the closed-form auxiliary solution, to be affected by gradients from the primary task. The proposed approach represents a unique fusion of geometric and model-based alignment with gradient-flows from a data-driven primary task. SALT is simple, rooted in theory, and outperforms state-of-the-art on multiple standard benchmarks. 
### 46.Multiscale Nakagami parametric imaging for improved liver tumor localization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04333.pdf)
>  Effective ultrasound tissue characterization is usually hindered by complex tissue structures. The interlacing of speckle patterns complicates the correct estimation of backscatter distribution parameters. Nakagami parametric imaging based on localized shape parameter mapping can model different backscattering conditions. However, performance of the constructed Nakagami image depends on the sensitivity of the estimation method to the backscattered statistics and scale of analysis. Using a fixed focal region of interest in estimating the Nakagami parametric image would increase estimation variance. In this work, localized Nakagami parameters are estimated adaptively by means of maximum likelihood estimation on a multiscale basis. The varying size kernel integrates the goodness-of-fit of the backscattering distribution parameters at multiple scales for more stable parameter estimation. Results show improved quantitative visualization of changes in tissue specular reflections, suggesting a potential approach for improving tumor localization in low contrast ultrasound images. 
### 47.Adaptively Preconditioned Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04324.pdf)
>  Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics infuses isotropic gradient noise to SGD to help navigate pathological curvature in the loss landscape for deep networks. Isotropic nature of the noise leads to poor scaling, and adaptive methods based on higher order curvature information such as Fisher Scoring have been proposed to precondition the noise in order to achieve better convergence. In this paper, we describe an adaptive method to estimate the parameters of the noise and conduct experiments on well-known model architectures to show that the adaptively preconditioned SGLD method achieves convergence with the speed of adaptive first order methods such as Adam, AdaGrad etc. and achieves generalization equivalent of SGD in the test set. 
### 48.Transport Triggered Array Processor for Vision Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04258.pdf)
>  Low-level sensory data processing in many Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices pursue energy efficiency by utilizing sleep modes or slowing the clocking to the minimum. To curb the share of stand-by power dissipation in those designs, near-threshold/sub-threshold operational points or ultra-low-leakage processes in fabrication are employed. Those limit the clocking rates significantly, reducing the computing throughputs of individual processing cores. In this contribution we explore compensating for the performance loss of operating in near-threshold region (Vdd =0.6V) through massive parallelization. Benefits of near-threshold operation and massive parallelism are optimum energy consumption per instruction operation and minimized memory roundtrips, respectively. The Processing Elements (PE) of the design are based on Transport Triggered Architecture. The fine grained programmable parallel solution allows for fast and efficient computation of learnable low-level features (e.g. local binary descriptors and convolutions). Other operations, including Max-pooling have also been implemented. The programmable design achieves excellent energy efficiency for Local Binary Patterns computations. 
### 49.Identifying Visible Actions in Lifestyle Vlogs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04236.pdf)
>  We consider the task of identifying human actions visible in online videos. We focus on the widely spread genre of lifestyle vlogs, which consist of videos of people performing actions while verbally describing them. Our goal is to identify if actions mentioned in the speech description of a video are visually present. We construct a dataset with crowdsourced manual annotations of visible actions, and introduce a multimodal algorithm that leverages information derived from visual and linguistic clues to automatically infer which actions are visible in a video. We demonstrate that our multimodal algorithm outperforms algorithms based only on one modality at a time. 
### 50.BowNet: Dilated Convolution Neural Network for Ultrasound Tongue Contour Extraction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04232.pdf)
>  Ultrasound imaging is safe, relatively affordable, and capable of real-time performance. One application of this technology is to visualize and to characterize human tongue shape and motion during a real-time speech to study healthy or impaired speech production. Due to the noisy nature of ultrasound images with low-contrast characteristic, it might require expertise for non-expert users to recognize organ shape such as tongue surface (dorsum). To alleviate this difficulty for quantitative analysis of tongue shape and motion, tongue surface can be extracted, tracked, and visualized instead of the whole tongue region. Delineating the tongue surface from each frame is a cumbersome, subjective, and error-prone task. Furthermore, the rapidity and complexity of tongue gestures have made it a challenging task, and manual segmentation is not a feasible solution for real-time applications. Employing the power of state-of-the-art deep neural network models and training techniques, it is feasible to implement new fully-automatic, accurate, and robust segmentation methods with the capability of real-time performance, applicable for tracking of the tongue contours during the speech. This paper presents two novel deep neural network models named BowNet and wBowNet benefits from the ability of global prediction of decoding-encoding models, with integrated multi-scale contextual information, and capability of full-resolution (local) extraction of dilated convolutions. Experimental results using several ultrasound tongue image datasets revealed that the combination of both localization and globalization searching could improve prediction result significantly. Assessment of BowNet models using both qualitatively and quantitatively studies showed them outstanding achievements in terms of accuracy and robustness in comparison with similar techniques. 
### 51.Alzheimer's Disease Brain MRI Classification: Challenges and Insights  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04231.pdf)
>  In recent years, many papers have reported state-of-the-art performance on Alzheimer's Disease classification with MRI scans from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) dataset using convolutional neural networks. However, we discover that when we split that data into training and testing sets at the subject level, we are not able to obtain similar performance, bringing the validity of many of the previous studies into question. Furthermore, we point out that previous works use different subsets of the ADNI data, making comparison across similar works tricky. In this study, we present the results of three splitting methods, discuss the motivations behind their validity, and report our results using all of the available subjects. 
### 52.Human-Machine Collaboration for Fast Land Cover Mapping  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04176.pdf)
>  We propose incorporating human labelers in a model fine-tuning system that provides immediate user feedback. In our framework, human labelers can interactively query model predictions on unlabeled data, choose which data to label, and see the resulting effect on the model's predictions. This bi-directional feedback loop allows humans to learn how the model responds to new data. Our hypothesis is that this rich feedback allows human labelers to create mental models that enable them to better choose which biases to introduce to the model. We compare human-selected points to points selected using standard active learning methods. We further investigate how the fine-tuning methodology impacts the human labelers' performance. We implement this framework for fine-tuning high-resolution land cover segmentation models. Specifically, we fine-tune a deep neural network -- trained to segment high-resolution aerial imagery into different land cover classes in Maryland, USA -- to a new spatial area in New York, USA. The tight loop turns the algorithm and the human operator into a hybrid system that can produce land cover maps of a large area much more efficiently than the traditional workflows. Our framework has applications in geospatial machine learning settings where there is a practically limitless supply of unlabeled data, of which only a small fraction can feasibly be labeled through human efforts. 
