# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 7 Jun 2019
### 1.Mesh R-CNN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02739.pdf)
>  Rapid advances in 2D perception have led to systems that accurately detect objects in real-world images. However, these systems make predictions in 2D, ignoring the 3D structure of the world. Concurrently, advances in 3D shape prediction have mostly focused on synthetic benchmarks and isolated objects. We unify advances in these two areas. We propose a system that detects objects in real-world images and produces a triangle mesh giving the full 3D shape of each detected object. Our system, called Mesh R-CNN, augments Mask R-CNN with a mesh prediction branch that outputs meshes with varying topological structure by first predicting coarse voxel representations which are converted to meshes and refined with a graph convolution network operating over the mesh's vertices and edges. We validate our mesh prediction branch on ShapeNet, where we outperform prior work on single-image shape prediction. We then deploy our full Mesh R-CNN system on Pix3D, where we jointly detect objects and predict their 3D shapes. 
### 2.3D-RelNet: Joint Object and Relational Network for 3D Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02729.pdf)
>  We propose an approach to predict the 3D shape and pose for the objects present in a scene. Existing learning based methods that pursue this goal make independent predictions per object, and do not leverage the relationships amongst them. We argue that reasoning about these relationships is crucial, and present an approach to incorporate these in a 3D prediction framework. In addition to independent per-object predictions, we predict pairwise relations in the form of relative 3D pose, and demonstrate that these can be easily incorporated to improve object level estimates. We report performance across different datasets (SUNCG, NYUv2), and show that our approach significantly improves over independent prediction approaches while also outperforming alternate implicit reasoning methods. 
### 3.Feature-level and Model-level Audiovisual Fusion for Emotion Recognition in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02728.pdf)
>  Emotion recognition plays an important role in human-computer interaction (HCI) and has been extensively studied for decades. Although tremendous improvements have been achieved for posed expressions, recognizing human emotions in "close-to-real-world" environments remains a challenge. In this paper, we proposed two strategies to fuse information extracted from different modalities, i.e., audio and visual. Specifically, we utilized LBP-TOP, an ensemble of CNNs, and a bi-directional LSTM (BLSTM) to extract features from the visual channel, and the OpenSmile toolkit to extract features from the audio channel. Two kinds of fusion methods, i,e., feature-level fusion and model-level fusion, were developed to utilize the information extracted from the two channels. Experimental results on the EmotiW2018 AFEW dataset have shown that the proposed fusion methods outperform the baseline methods significantly and achieve better or at least comparable performance compared with the state-of-the-art methods, where the model-level fusion performs better when one of the channels totally fails. 
### 4.Does Object Recognition Work for Everyone?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02659.pdf)
>  The paper analyzes the accuracy of publicly available object-recognition systems on a geographically diverse dataset. This dataset contains household items and was designed to have a more representative geographical coverage than commonly used image datasets in object recognition. We find that the systems perform relatively poorly on household items that commonly occur in countries with a low household income. Qualitative analyses suggest the drop in performance is primarily due to appearance differences within an object class (e.g., dish soap) and due to items appearing in a different context (e.g., toothbrushes appearing outside of bathrooms). The results of our study suggest that further work is needed to make object-recognition systems work equally well for people across different countries and income levels. 
### 5.Scaling Autoregressive Video Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02634.pdf)
>  Due to the statistical complexity of video, the high degree of inherent stochasticity, and the sheer amount of data, generating natural video remains a challenging task. State-of-the-art video generation models attempt to address these issues by combining sometimes complex, often video-specific neural network architectures, latent variable models, adversarial training and a range of other methods. Despite their often high complexity, these approaches still fall short of generating high quality video continuations outside of narrow domains and often struggle with fidelity. In contrast, we show that conceptually simple, autoregressive video generation models based on a three-dimensional self-attention mechanism achieve highly competitive results across multiple metrics on popular benchmark datasets for which they produce continuations of high fidelity and realism. Furthermore, we find that our models are capable of producing diverse and surprisingly realistic continuations on a subset of videos from Kinetics, a large scale action recognition dataset comprised of YouTube videos exhibiting phenomena such as camera movement, complex object interactions and diverse human movement. To our knowledge, this is the first promising application of video-generation models to videos of this complexity. 
### 6.Weakly-Supervised Spatio-Temporally Grounding Natural Sentence in Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02549.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address a novel task, namely weakly-supervised spatio-temporally grounding natural sentence in video. Specifically, given a natural sentence and a video, we localize a spatio-temporal tube in the video that semantically corresponds to the given sentence, with no reliance on any spatio-temporal annotations during training. First, a set of spatio-temporal tubes, referred to as instances, are extracted from the video. We then encode these instances and the sentence using our proposed attentive interactor which can exploit their fine-grained relationships to characterize their matching behaviors. Besides a ranking loss, a novel diversity loss is introduced to train the proposed attentive interactor to strengthen the matching behaviors of reliable instance-sentence pairs and penalize the unreliable ones. Moreover, we also contribute a dataset, called VID-sentence, based on the ImageNet video object detection dataset, to serve as a benchmark for our task. Extensive experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our model over the baseline approaches. 
### 7.STN-Homography: estimate homography parameters directly  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02539.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce the STN-Homography model to directly estimate the homography matrix between image pair. Different most CNN-based homography estimation methods which use an alternative 4-point homography parameterization, we use prove that, after coordinate normalization, the variance of elements of coordinate normalized $3\times3$ homography matrix is very small and suitable to be regressed well with CNN. Based on proposed STN-Homography, we use a hierarchical architecture which stacks several STN-Homography models and successively reduce the estimation error. Effectiveness of the proposed method is shown through experiments on MSCOCO dataset, in which it significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art. The average processing time of our hierarchical STN-Homography with 1 stage is only 4.87 ms on the GPU, and the processing time for hierarchical STN-Homography with 3 stages is 17.85 ms. The code will soon be open sourced. 
### 8.Contextual Relabelling of Detected Objects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02534.pdf)
>  Contextual information, such as the co-occurrence of objects and the spatial and relative size among objects provides deep and complex information about scenes. It also can play an important role in improving object detection. In this work, we present two contextual models (rescoring and re-labeling models) that leverage contextual information (16 contextual relationships are applied in this paper) to enhance the state-of-the-art RCNN-based object detection (Faster RCNN). We experimentally demonstrate that our models lead to enhancement in detection performance using the most common dataset used in this field (MSCOCO). 
### 9.Removing Rain in Videos: A Large-scale Database and A Two-stream ConvLSTM Approach  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02526.pdf)
>  Rain removal has recently attracted increasing research attention, as it is able to enhance the visibility of rain videos. However, the existing learning based rain removal approaches for videos suffer from insufficient training data, especially when applying deep learning to remove rain. In this paper, we establish a large-scale video database for rain removal (LasVR), which consists of 316 rain videos. Then, we observe from our database that there exist the temporal correlation of clean content and similar patterns of rain across video frames. According to these two observations, we propose a two-stream convolutional long- and short- term memory (ConvLSTM) approach for rain removal in videos. The first stream is composed of the subnet for rain detection, while the second stream is the subnet of rain removal that leverages the features from the rain detection subnet. Finally, the experimental results on both synthetic and real rain videos show the proposed approach performs better than other state-of-the-art approaches. 
### 10.Anytime Lane-Level Intersection Estimation Based on Trajectories  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02495.pdf)
>  Estimating and understanding the current scene is an inevitable capability of automated vehicles. Usually, maps are used as prior for interpreting sensor measurements in order to drive safely. Only few approaches take into account that maps might be outdated and thereby lead to wrong assumptions on the environment. This work estimates a lane-level intersection topology without any map prior based on the trajectories of other traffic participants. We are able to deliver both a coarse lane-level topology as well as the lane course inside and outside of the intersection using Markov chain Monte Carlo sampling. The model is neither limited to a number of lanes or arms nor to the topology of the intersection. We present our results on an evaluation set on about 1000 intersections and achieve 99.9% accuracy on the topology estimation that takes only 73 ms, when utilizing tracked object detections. Estimating the precise lane course on the intersection achieves results on average deviating only 20 cm from the ground truth. 
### 11.StyleNAS: An Empirical Study of Neural Architecture Search to Uncover Surprisingly Fast End-to-End Universal Style Transfer Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02470.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has been widely studied for designing discriminative deep learning models such as image classification, object detection, and semantic segmentation. As a large number of priors have been obtained through the manual design of architectures in the fields, NAS is usually considered as a supplement approach. In this paper, we have significantly expanded the application areas of NAS by performing an empirical study of NAS to search generative models, or specifically, auto-encoder based universal style transfer, which lacks systematic exploration, if any, from the architecture search aspect. In our work, we first designed a search space where common operators for image style transfer such as VGG-based encoders, whitening and coloring transforms (WCT), convolution kernels, instance normalization operators, and skip connections were searched in a combinatorial approach. With a simple yet effective parallel evolutionary NAS algorithm with multiple objectives, we derived the first group of end-to-end deep networks for universal photorealistic style transfer. Comparing to random search, a NAS method that is gaining popularity recently, we demonstrated that carefully designed search strategy leads to much better architecture design. Finally compared to existing universal style transfer networks for photorealistic rendering such as PhotoWCT that stacks multiple well-trained auto-encoders and WCT transforms in a non-end-to-end manner, the architectures designed by StyleNAS produce better style-transferred images with details preserving, using a tiny number of operators/parameters, and enjoying around 500x inference time speed-up. 
### 12.ActivityNet-QA: A Dataset for Understanding Complex Web Videos via Question Answering  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02467.pdf)
>  Recent developments in modeling language and vision have been successfully applied to image question answering. It is both crucial and natural to extend this research direction to the video domain for video question answering (VideoQA). Compared to the image domain where large scale and fully annotated benchmark datasets exists, VideoQA datasets are limited to small scale and are automatically generated, etc. These limitations restrict their applicability in practice. Here we introduce ActivityNet-QA, a fully annotated and large scale VideoQA dataset. The dataset consists of 58,000 QA pairs on 5,800 complex web videos derived from the popular ActivityNet dataset. We present a statistical analysis of our ActivityNet-QA dataset and conduct extensive experiments on it by comparing existing VideoQA baselines. Moreover, we explore various video representation strategies to improve VideoQA performance, especially for long videos. The dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MILVLG/activitynet-qa" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 13.Extreme Points Derived Confidence Map as a Cue For Class-Agnostic Segmentation Using Deep Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02421.pdf)
>  To automate the process of segmenting an anatomy of interest, we can learn a model from previously annotated data. The learning-based approach uses annotations to train a model that tries to emulate the expert labeling on a new data set. While tremendous progress has been made using such approaches, labeling of medical images remains a time-consuming and expensive task. In this paper, we evaluate the utility of extreme points in learning to segment. Specifically, we propose a novel approach to compute a confidence map from extreme points that quantitatively encodes the priors derived from extreme points. We use the confidence map as a cue to train a deep neural network based on ResNet-101 and PSP module to develop a class-agnostic segmentation model that outperforms state-of-the-art method that employs extreme points as a cue. Further, we evaluate a realistic use-case by using our model to generate training data for supervised learning (U-Net) and observed that U-Net performs comparably when trained with either the generated data or the ground truth data. These findings suggest that models trained using cues can be used to generate reliable training data. 
### 14.Handling Inter-Annotator Agreement for Automated Skin Lesion Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02415.pdf)
>  In this work, we explore the issue of the inter-annotator agreement for training and evaluating automated segmentation of skin lesions. We explore what different degrees of agreement represent, and how they affect different use cases for segmentation. We also evaluate how conditioning the ground truths using different (but very simple) algorithms may help to enhance agreement and may be appropriate for some use cases. The segmentation of skin lesions is a cornerstone task for automated skin lesion analysis, useful both as an end-result to locate/detect the lesions and as an ancillary task for lesion classification. Lesion segmentation, however, is a very challenging task, due not only to the challenge of image segmentation itself but also to the difficulty in obtaining properly annotated data. Detecting accurately the borders of lesions is challenging even for trained humans, since, for many lesions, those borders are fuzzy and ill-defined. Using lesions and annotations from the ISIC Archive, we estimate inter-annotator agreement for skin-lesion segmentation and propose several simple procedures that may help to improve inter-annotator agreement if used to condition the ground truths. 
### 15.Query-efficient Meta Attack to Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02398.pdf)
>  Recently, several adversarial attack methods to black-box deep neural networks have been proposed and they serve as an excellent testing bed for investigating safety issues with DNNs. These methods generally take in the query and corresponding feedback from the targeted DNN model and infer suitable attack patterns accordingly. However, due to lacking prior and inefficiency in leveraging the query information, these methods are mostly query-intensive. In this work, we propose a meta attack strategy which is capable of attacking the target black-box model with much fewer queries. Its high query-efficiency comes from prior abstraction on training a meta attacker which can speed up the search for adversarial examples significantly. Extensive experiments on MNIST, CIFAR10 and tiny-Imagenet demonstrate that, our meta-attack method can remarkably reduce the number of model queries without sacrificing the attack performance. Moreover, the obtained meta attacker is not restricted to a particular model but can be reused easily with fast adaptive ability to attack a variety of models. 
### 16.Blockwise Based Detection of Local Defects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02374.pdf)
>  Print quality is an important criterion for a printer's performance. The detection, classification, and assessment of printing defects can reflect the printer's working status and help to locate mechanical problems inside. To handle all these questions, an efficient algorithm is needed to replace the traditionally visual checking method. In this paper, we focus on pages with local defects including gray spots and solid spots. We propose a coarse-to-fine method to detect local defects in a block-wise manner, and aggregate the blockwise attributes to generate the feature vector of the whole test page for a further ranking task. In the detection part, we first select candidate regions by thresholding a single feature. Then more detailed features of candidate blocks are calculated and sent to a decision tree that is previously trained on our training dataset. The final result is given by the decision tree model to control the false alarm rate while maintaining the required miss rate. Our algorithm is proved to be effective in detecting and classifying local defects compared with previous methods. 
### 17.Omnidirectional Scene Text Detection with Sequential-free Box Discretization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02371.pdf)
>  Scene text in the wild is commonly presented with high variant characteristics. Using quadrilateral bounding box to localize the text instance is nearly indispensable for detection methods. However, recent researches reveal that introducing quadrilateral bounding box for scene text detection will bring a label confusion issue which is easily overlooked, and this issue may significantly undermine the detection performance. To address this issue, in this paper, we propose a novel method called Sequential-free Box Discretization (SBD) by discretizing the bounding box into key edges (KE) which can further derive more effective methods to improve detection performance. Experiments showed that the proposed method can outperform state-of-the-art methods in many popular scene text benchmarks, including ICDAR 2015, MLT, and MSRA-TD500. Ablation study also showed that simply integrating the SBD into Mask R-CNN framework, the detection performance can be substantially improved. Furthermore, an experiment on the general object dataset HRSC2016 (multi-oriented ships) showed that our method can outperform recent state-of-the-art methods by a large margin, demonstrating its powerful generalization ability. 
### 18.Context-Aware Visual Policy Network for Fine-Grained Image Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02365.pdf)
>  With the maturity of visual detection techniques, we are more ambitious in describing visual content with open-vocabulary, fine-grained and free-form language, i.e., the task of image captioning. In particular, we are interested in generating longer, richer and more fine-grained sentences and paragraphs as image descriptions. Image captioning can be translated to the task of sequential language prediction given visual content, where the output sequence forms natural language description with plausible grammar. However, existing image captioning methods focus only on language policy while not visual policy, and thus fail to capture visual context that are crucial for compositional reasoning such as object relationships (e.g., "man riding horse") and visual comparisons (e.g., "small(er) cat"). This issue is especially severe when generating longer sequences such as a paragraph. To fill the gap, we propose a Context-Aware Visual Policy network (CAVP) for fine-grained image-to-language generation: image sentence captioning and image paragraph captioning. During captioning, CAVP explicitly considers the previous visual attentions as context, and decides whether the context is used for the current word/sentence generation given the current visual attention. Compared against traditional visual attention mechanism that only fixes a single visual region at each step, CAVP can attend to complex visual compositions over time. The whole image captioning model -- CAVP and its subsequent language policy network -- can be efficiently optimized end-to-end by using an actor-critic policy gradient method. We have demonstrated the effectiveness of CAVP by state-of-the-art performances on MS-COCO and Stanford captioning datasets, using various metrics and sensible visualizations of qualitative visual context. 
### 19.MNIST-C: A Robustness Benchmark for Computer Vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02337.pdf)
>  We introduce the MNIST-C dataset, a comprehensive suite of 15 corruptions applied to the MNIST test set, for benchmarking out-of-distribution robustness in computer vision. Through several experiments and visualizations we demonstrate that our corruptions significantly degrade performance of state-of-the-art computer vision models while preserving the semantic content of the test images. In contrast to the popular notion of adversarial robustness, our model-agnostic corruptions do not seek worst-case performance but are instead designed to be broad and diverse, capturing multiple failure modes of modern models. In fact, we find that several previously published adversarial defenses significantly degrade robustness as measured by MNIST-C. We hope that our benchmark serves as a useful tool for future work in designing systems that are able to learn robust feature representations that capture the underlying semantics of the input. 
### 20.OutdoorSent: Can Semantic Features Help Deep Learning in Sentiment Analysis of Outdoor Images?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02331.pdf)
>  Opinion mining in outdoor images posted by users during day-to-day or leisure activities, for example, can provide valuable information to better understand urban areas. In this work, we propose a framework to classify the sentiment of outdoor images shared by users on social networks. We compare the performance of state-of-the-art ConvNet architectures, namely, VGG-16, Resnet50, and InceptionV3, as well as one specifically designed for sentiment analysis. The combination of such classifiers, a strategy known as ensemble, is also considered. We also use different experimental setups to evaluate how the merging of deep features and semantic information derived from the scene attributes can improve classification performance. The evaluation explores a novel dataset, namely OutdoorSent, of geolocalized urban outdoor images extracted from Instagram related to three sentiment polarities (positive, negative, and neutral), as well as another dataset publicly available (DeepSent). We observe that the incorporation of knowledge related to semantics features tend to improve the accuracy of low-complex ConvNet architectures. Furthermore, we also demonstrated the applicability of our results in the city of Chicago, United States, showing that they can help to understand the subjective characteristics of different areas of the city. For instance, particular areas of the city tend to concentrate more images of a specific class of sentiment. The ConvNet architectures, trained models, and the proposed outdoor image dataset will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://dainf.ct.utfpr.edu.br/outdoorsent" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 21.Progressive NAPSAC: sampling from gradually growing neighborhoods  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02295.pdf)
>  We propose Progressive NAPSAC, P-NAPSAC in short, which merges the advantages of local and global sampling by drawing samples from gradually growing neighborhoods. Exploiting the fact that nearby points are more likely to originate from the same geometric model, P-NAPSAC finds local structures earlier than global samplers. We show that the progressive spatial sampling in P-NAPSAC can be integrated with PROSAC sampling, which is applied to the first, location-defining, point. P-NAPSAC is embedded in USAC, a state-of-the-art robust estimation pipeline, which we further improve by implementing its local optimization as in Graph-Cut RANSAC. We call the resulting estimator USAC*. The method is tested on homography and fundamental matrix fitting on a total of 10,691 models from seven publicly available datasets. USAC* with P-NAPSAC outperforms reference methods in terms of speed on all problems. 
### 22.Progressive-X: Efficient, Anytime, Multi-Model Fitting Algorithm  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02290.pdf)
>  The Progressive-X algorithm, Prog-X in short, is proposed for geometric multi-model fitting. The method interleaves sampling and consolidation of the current data interpretation via repetitive hypothesis proposal, fast rejection, and integration of the new hypothesis into the kept instance set by labeling energy minimization. Due to exploring the data progressively, the method has several beneficial properties compared with the state-of-the-art. First, a clear criterion, adopted from RANSAC, controls the termination and stops the algorithm when the probability of finding a new model with a reasonable number of inliers falls below a threshold. Second, Prog-X is an any-time algorithm. Thus, whenever is interrupted, e.g. due to a time limit, the returned instances cover real and, likely, the most dominant ones. The method is superior to the state-of-the-art in terms of accuracy in both synthetic experiments and on publicly available real-world datasets for homography, two-view motion, and motion segmentation. 
### 23.Learning Shape Representation on Sparse Point Clouds for Volumetric Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02281.pdf)
>  Volumetric image segmentation with convolutional neural networks (CNNs) encounters several challenges, which are specific to medical images. Among these challenges are large volumes of interest, high class imbalances, and difficulties in learning shape representations. To tackle these challenges, we propose to improve over traditional CNN-based volumetric image segmentation through point-wise classification of point clouds. The sparsity of point clouds allows processing of entire image volumes, balancing highly imbalanced segmentation problems, and explicitly learning an anatomical shape. We build upon PointCNN, a neural network proposed to process point clouds, and propose here to jointly encode shape and volumetric information within the point cloud in a compact and computationally effective manner. We demonstrate how this approach can then be used to refine CNN-based segmentation, which yields significantly improved results in our experiments on the difficult task of peripheral nerve segmentation from magnetic resonance neurography images. By synthetic experiments, we further show the capability of our approach in learning an explicit anatomical shape representation. 
### 24.Lightweight Real-time Makeup Try-on in Mobile Browsers with Tiny CNN Models for Facial Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02260.pdf)
>  Recent works on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for facial alignment have demonstrated unprecedented accuracy on a variety of large, publicly available datasets. However, the developed models are often both cumbersome and computationally expensive, and are not adapted to applications on resource restricted devices. In this work, we look into developing and training compact facial alignment models that feature fast inference speed and small deployment size, making them suitable for applications on the aforementioned category of devices. Our main contribution lies in designing such small models while maintaining high accuracy of facial alignment. The models we propose make use of light CNN architectures adapted to the facial alignment problem for accurate two-stage prediction of facial landmark coordinates from low-resolution output heatmaps. We further combine the developed facial tracker with a rendering method, and build a real-time makeup try-on demo that runs client-side in smartphone Web browsers. We prepared a demo link to our Web demo that can be tested in Chrome and Firefox on Android, or in Safari on iOS: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://s3.amazonaws.com/makeup-paper-demo/index.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 25.Butterfly Transform: An Efficient FFT Based Neural Architecture Design  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02256.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce the Butterfly Transform (BFT), a light weight channel fusion method that reduces the computational complexity of point-wise convolutions from O(n^2) of conventional solutions to O(n log n) with respect to the number of channels while improving the accuracy of the networks under the same range of FLOPs. The proposed BFT generalizes the Discrete Fourier Transform in a way that its parameters are learned at training time. Our experimental evaluations show that replacing channel fusion modules with \sys results in significant accuracy gains at similar FLOPs across a wide range of network architectures. For example, replacing channel fusion convolutions with BFT offers 3% absolute top-1 improvement for MobileNetV1-0.25 and 2.5% for ShuffleNet V2-0.5 while maintaining the same number of FLOPS. Notably, the ShuffleNet-V2+BFT outperforms state-of-the-art architecture search methods MNasNet \cite{tan2018mnasnet} and FBNet \cite{wu2018fbnet}. We also show that the structure imposed by BFT has interesting properties that ensures the efficacy of the resulting network. 
### 26.Adaptation Across Extreme Variations using Unlabeled Domain Bridges  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02238.pdf)
>  We tackle an unsupervised domain adaptation problem for which the domain discrepancy between labeled source and unlabeled target domains is large, due to many factors of inter and intra-domain variation. While deep domain adaptation methods have been realized by reducing the domain discrepancy, these are difficult to apply when domains are significantly unalike. In this work, we propose to decompose domain discrepancy into multiple but smaller, and thus easier to minimize, discrepancies by introducing unlabeled bridging domains that connect the source and target domains. We realize our proposal through an extension of the domain adversarial neural network with multiple discriminators, each of which accounts for reducing discrepancies between unlabeled (bridge, target) domains and a mix of all precedent domains including source. We validate the effectiveness of our method on several adaptation tasks including object recognition and semantic segmentation. 
### 27.Nail Polish Try-On: Realtime Semantic Segmentation of Small Objects for Native and Browser Smartphone AR Applications  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02222.pdf)
>  We provide a system for semantic segmentation of small objects that enables nail polish try-on AR applications to run client-side in realtime in native and web mobile applications. By adjusting input resolution and neural network depth, our model design enables a smooth trade-off of performance and runtime, with the highest performance setting achieving~\num{94.5} mIoU at 29.8ms runtime in native applications on an iPad Pro. We also provide a postprocessing and rendering algorithm for nail polish try-on, which integrates with our semantic segmentation and fingernail base-tip direction predictions. 
### 28.Two-Stream Region Convolutional 3D Network for Temporal Activity Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02182.pdf)
>  We address the problem of temporal activity detection in continuous, untrimmed video streams. This is a difficult task that requires extracting meaningful spatio-temporal features to capture activities, accurately localizing the start and end times of each activity. We introduce a new model, Region Convolutional 3D Network (R-C3D), which encodes the video streams using a three-dimensional fully convolutional network, then generates candidate temporal regions containing activities and finally classifies selected regions into specific activities. Computation is saved due to the sharing of convolutional features between the proposal and the classification pipelines. We further improve the detection performance by efficiently integrating an optical flow based motion stream with the original RGB stream. The two-stream network is jointly optimized by fusing the flow and RGB feature maps at different levels. Additionally, the training stage incorporates an online hard example mining strategy to address the extreme foreground-background imbalance typically observed in any detection pipeline. Instead of heuristically sampling the candidate segments for the final activity classification stage, we rank them according to their performance and only select the worst performers to update the model. This improves the model without heavy hyper-parameter tuning. Extensive experiments on three benchmark datasets are carried out to show superior performance over existing temporal activity detection methods. Our model achieves state-of-the-art results on the THUMOS'14 and Charades datasets. We further demonstrate that our model is a general temporal activity detection framework that does not rely on assumptions about particular dataset properties by evaluating our approach on the ActivityNet dataset. 
### 29.A Natural Language-Inspired Multi-label Video Streaming Traffic Classification Method Based on Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02679.pdf)
>  This paper presents a deep-learning based traffic classification method for identifying multiple streaming video sources at the same time within an encrypted tunnel. The work defines a novel feature inspired by Natural Language Processing (NLP) that allows existing NLP techniques to help the traffic classification. The feature extraction method is described, and a large dataset containing video streaming and web traffic is created to verify its effectiveness. Results are obtained by applying several NLP methods to show that the proposed method performs well on both binary and multilabel traffic classification problems. We also show the ability to achieve zero-shot learning with the proposed method. 
### 30.Improving Robustness Without Sacrificing Accuracy with Patch Gaussian Augmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02611.pdf)
>  Deploying machine learning systems in the real world requires both high accuracy on clean data and robustness to naturally occurring corruptions. While architectural advances have led to improved accuracy, building robust models remains challenging. Prior work has argued that there is an inherent trade-off between robustness and accuracy, which is exemplified by standard data augment techniques such as Cutout, which improves clean accuracy but not robustness, and additive Gaussian noise, which improves robustness but hurts accuracy. To overcome this trade-off, we introduce Patch Gaussian, a simple augmentation scheme that adds noise to randomly selected patches in an input image. Models trained with Patch Gaussian achieve state of the art on the CIFAR-10 and ImageNetCommon Corruptions benchmarks while also improving accuracy on clean data. We find that this augmentation leads to reduced sensitivity to high frequency noise(similar to Gaussian) while retaining the ability to take advantage of relevant high frequency information in the image (similar to Cutout). Finally, we show that Patch Gaussian can be used in conjunction with other regularization methods and data augmentation policies such as AutoAugment, and improves performance on the COCO object detection benchmark. 
### 31.On the Effectiveness of Laser Speckle Contrast Imaging and Deep Neural Networks for Detecting Known and Unknown Fingerprint Presentation Attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02595.pdf)
>  Fingerprint presentation attack detection (FPAD) is becoming an increasingly challenging problem due to the continuous advancement of attack techniques, which generate `realistic-looking' fake fingerprint presentations. Recently, laser speckle contrast imaging (LSCI) has been introduced as a new sensing modality for FPAD. LSCI has the interesting characteristic of capturing the blood flow under the skin surface. Toward studying the importance and effectiveness of LSCI for FPAD, we conduct a comprehensive study using different patch-based deep neural network architectures. Our studied architectures include 2D and 3D convolutional networks as well as a recurrent network using long short-term memory (LSTM) units. The study demonstrates that strong FPAD performance can be achieved using LSCI. We evaluate the different models over a new large dataset. The dataset consists of 3743 bona fide samples, collected from 335 unique subjects, and 218 presentation attack samples, including six different types of attacks. To examine the effect of changing the training and testing sets, we conduct a 3-fold cross validation evaluation. To examine the effect of the presence of an unseen attack, we apply a leave-one-attack out strategy. The FPAD classification results of the networks, which are separately optimized and tuned for the temporal and spatial patch-sizes, indicate that the best performance is achieved by LSTM. 
### 32.An Information-Theoretical Approach to the Information Capacity and Cost-Effectiveness Evaluation of Color Palettes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02567.pdf)
>  Colors are used as effective tools of representing and transferring information. Number of colors in a palette is the direct arbiter of the information conveying capacity. Yet it should be well elaborated, since increasing the entropy by adding colors comes with its cost on decoding. Despite the possible effects upon diverse applications, a methodology for cost-effectiveness evaluation of palettes seems deficient. In this work, this need is being addressed from an information-theoretical perspective, via the articulated metrics and formulae. Besides, the proposed metrics are computed for some developed and known palettes, and observed results are evaluated. 
### 33.Hierarchical Bayesian myocardial perfusion quantification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02540.pdf)
>  Purpose: Tracer-kinetic models can be used for the quantitative assessment of contrast-enhanced MRI data. However, the model-fitting can produce unreliable results due to the limited data acquired and the high noise levels. Such problems are especially prevalent in myocardial perfusion MRI leading to the compromise of constrained numerical deconvolutions and segmental signal averaging being commonly used as alternatives to the more complex tracer-kinetic models. Methods: In this work, the use of hierarchical Bayesian inference for the parameter estimation is explored. It is shown that with Bayesian inference it is possible to reliably fit the two-compartment exchange model to perfusion data. The use of prior knowledge on the ranges of kinetic parameters and the fact that neighbouring voxels are likely to have similar kinetic properties combined with a Markov chain Monte Carlo based fitting procedure significantly improves the reliability of the perfusion estimates with compared to the traditional least-squares approach. The method is assessed using both simulated and patient data. Results: The average (standard deviation) normalised mean square error for the distinct noise realisations of a simulation phantom falls from 0.32 (0.55) with the least-squares fitting to 0.13 (0.2) using Bayesian inference. The assessment of the presence of coronary artery disease based purely on the quantitative MBF maps obtained using Bayesian inference matches the visual assessment in all 24 slices. When using the maps obtained by the least-squares fitting, a corresponding assessment is only achieved in 16/24 slices. Conclusion: Bayesian inference allows a reliable, fully automated and user-independent assessment of myocardial perfusion on a voxel-wise level using the two-compartment exchange model. 
### 34.Cross-Modal Interaction Networks for Query-Based Moment Retrieval in Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02497.pdf)
>  Query-based moment retrieval aims to localize the most relevant moment in an untrimmed video according to the given natural language query. Existing works often only focus on one aspect of this emerging task, such as the query representation learning, video context modeling or multi-modal fusion, thus fail to develop a comprehensive system for further performance improvement. In this paper, we introduce a novel Cross-Modal Interaction Network (CMIN) to consider multiple crucial factors for this challenging task, including (1) the syntactic structure of natural language queries; (2) long-range semantic dependencies in video context and (3) the sufficient cross-modal interaction. Specifically, we devise a syntactic GCN to leverage the syntactic structure of queries for fine-grained representation learning, propose a multi-head self-attention to capture long-range semantic dependencies from video context, and next employ a multi-stage cross-modal interaction to explore the potential relations of video and query contents. The extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method. 
### 35.Occluded Face Recognition Using Low-rank Regression with Generalized Gradient Direction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02429.pdf)
>  In this paper, a very effective method to solve the contiguous face occlusion recognition problem is proposed. It utilizes the robust image gradient direction features together with a variety of mapping functions and adopts a hierarchical sparse and low-rank regression model. This model unites the sparse representation in dictionary learning and the low-rank representation on the error term that is usually messy in the gradient domain. We call it the "weak low-rankness" optimization problem, which can be efficiently solved by the framework of Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM). The optimum of the error term has a similar weak low-rank structure as the reference error map and the recognition performance can be enhanced by leaps and bounds using weak low-rankness optimization. Extensive experiments are conducted on real-world disguise / occlusion data and synthesized contiguous occlusion data. These experiments show that the proposed gradient direction-based hierarchical adaptive sparse and low-rank (GD-HASLR) algorithm has the best performance compared to state-of-the-art methods, including popular convolutional neural network-based methods. 
### 36.Salient Building Outline Enhancement and Extraction Using Iterative L0 Smoothing and Line Enhancing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02426.pdf)
>  In this paper, our goal is salient building outline enhancement and extraction from images taken from consumer cameras using L0 smoothing. We address weak outlines and over-smoothing problem. Weak outlines are often undetected by edge extractors or easily smoothed out. We propose an iterative method, including the smoothing cell and sharpening cell. In the smoothing cell, we iteratively enlarge the smoothing level of the L0 smoothing. In the sharpening cell, we use Hough Transform to extract lines, based on the assumption that salient outlines for buildings are usually straight, and enhance those extracted lines. Our goal is to enhance line structures and do the L0 smoothing simultaneously. Also, we propose to create building masks from semantic segmentation using an encoder-decoder network. The masks filter out irrelevant edges. We also provide an evaluation dataset on this task. 
### 37.Uncertainty-guided Continual Learning with Bayesian Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02425.pdf)
>  Continual learning aims to learn new tasks without forgetting previously learned ones. This is especially challenging when one cannot access data from previous tasks and when the model has a fixed capacity. Current regularization-based continual learning algorithms need an external representation and extra computation to measure the parameters' importance. In contrast, we propose Uncertainty-guided Continual Bayesian Neural Networks (UCB), where the learning rate adapts according to the uncertainty defined in the probability distribution of the weights in networks. Uncertainty is a natural way to identify what to remember and what to change as we continually learn, allowing to mitigate catastrophic forgetting. We also show a variant of our model, which uses uncertainty for weight pruning and retains task performance after pruning by saving binary masks per tasks. We evaluate our UCB approach extensively on diverse object classification datasets with short and long sequences of tasks and report superior or on-par performance compared to existing approaches. Additionally, we show that our model does not necessarily need task information at test time, i.e. it does not presume knowledge of which task a sample belongs to. 
### 38.Generative Model-Based Ischemic Stroke Lesion Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02392.pdf)
>  CT perfusion (CTP) has been used to triage ischemic stroke patients in the early stage, because of its speed, availability, and lack of contraindications. Perfusion parameters including cerebral blood volume (CBV), cerebral blood flow (CBF), mean transit time (MTT) and time of peak (Tmax) could also be computed from CTP data. However, CTP data or the perfusion parameters, are ambiguous to locate the infarct core or tissue at risk (penumbra), which is normally confirmed by the follow-up Diffusion Weighted Imaging (DWI) or perfusion diffusion mismatch. In this paper, we propose a novel generative modelbased segmentation framework composed of an extractor, a generator and a segmentor for ischemic stroke lesion segmentation. First, an extractor is used to directly extract the representative feature images from the CTP feature images. Second, a generator is used to generate the clinical relevant DWI images using the output from the extractor and perfusion parameters. Finally, the segmentor is used to precisely segment the ischemic stroke lesion using the generated DWI from the generator. Meanwhile, a novel pixel-region loss function, generalized dice combined with weighted cross entropy, is used to handle data unbalance problem which is commonly encountered in medical image segmentation. All networks are trained end-to-end from scratch using the 2018 Ischemic Stroke Lesion Segmentation Challenge (ISLES) dataset and our method won the first place in the 2018 ischemic stroke lesions segmentation challenge in the test stage. 
### 39.Neural SDE: Stabilizing Neural ODE Networks with Stochastic Noise  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02355.pdf)
>  Neural Ordinary Differential Equation (Neural ODE) has been proposed as a continuous approximation to the ResNet architecture. Some commonly used regularization mechanisms in discrete neural networks (e.g. dropout, Gaussian noise) are missing in current Neural ODE networks. In this paper, we propose a new continuous neural network framework called Neural Stochastic Differential Equation (Neural SDE) network, which naturally incorporates various commonly used regularization mechanisms based on random noise injection. Our framework can model various types of noise injection frequently used in discrete networks for regularization purpose, such as dropout and additive/multiplicative noise in each block. We provide theoretical analysis explaining the improved robustness of Neural SDE models against input perturbations/adversarial attacks. Furthermore, we demonstrate that the Neural SDE network can achieve better generalization than the Neural ODE and is more resistant to adversarial and non-adversarial input perturbations. 
### 40.Anatomical Priors for Image Segmentation via Post-Processing with Denoising Autoencoders  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02343.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) proved to be highly accurate to perform anatomical segmentation of medical images. However, some of the most popular CNN architectures for image segmentation still rely on post-processing strategies (e.g. Conditional Random Fields) to incorporate connectivity constraints into the resulting masks. These post-processing steps are based on the assumption that objects are usually continuous and therefore nearby pixels should be assigned the same object label. Even if it is a valid assumption in general, these methods do not offer a straightforward way to incorporate more complex priors like convexity or arbitrary shape restrictions. In this work we propose Post-DAE, a post-processing method based on denoising autoencoders (DAE) trained using only segmentation masks. We learn a low-dimensional space of anatomically plausible segmentations, and use it as a post-processing step to impose shape constraints on the resulting masks obtained with arbitrary segmentation methods. Our approach is independent of image modality and intensity information since it employs only segmentation masks for training. This enables the use of anatomical segmentations that do not need to be paired with intensity images, making the approach very flexible. Our experimental results on anatomical segmentation of X-ray images show that Post-DAE can improve the quality of noisy and incorrect segmentation masks obtained with a variety of standard methods, by bringing them back to a feasible space, with almost no extra computational time. 
### 41.Improving RetinaNet for CT Lesion Detection with Dense Masks from Weak RECIST Labels  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02283.pdf)
>  Accurate, automated lesion detection in Computed Tomography (CT) is an important yet challenging task due to the large variation of lesion types, sizes, locations and appearances. Recent work on CT lesion detection employs two-stage region proposal based methods trained with centroid or bounding-box annotations. We propose a highly accurate and efficient one-stage lesion detector, by re-designing a RetinaNet to meet the particular challenges in medical imaging. Specifically, we optimize the anchor configurations using a differential evolution search algorithm. For training, we leverage the response evaluation criteria in solid tumors (RECIST) annotation which are measured in clinical routine. We incorporate dense masks from weak RECIST labels, obtained automatically using GrabCut, into the training objective, which in combination with other advancements yields new state-of-the-art performance. We evaluate our method on the public DeepLesion benchmark, consisting of 32,735 lesions across the body. Our one-stage detector achieves a sensitivity of 90.77% at 4 false positives per image, significantly outperforming the best reported methods by over 5%. 
