# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 14 Jun 2019
### 1.Show, Match and Segment: Joint Learning of Semantic Matching and Object Co-segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05857.pdf)
>  We present an approach for jointly matching and segmenting object instances of the same category within a collection of images. In contrast to existing algorithms that tackle the tasks of semantic matching and object co-segmentation in isolation, our method exploits the complementary nature of the two tasks. The key insights of our method are two-fold. First, the estimated dense correspondence field from semantic matching provides supervision for object co-segmentation by enforcing consistency between the predicted masks from a pair of images. Second, the predicted object masks from object co-segmentation in turn allow us to reduce the adverse effects due to background clutters for improving semantic matching. Our model is end-to-end trainable and does not require supervision from manually annotated correspondences and object masks. We validate the efficacy of our approach on four benchmark datasets: TSS, Internet, PF-PASCAL, and PF-WILLOW, and show that our algorithm performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods on both semantic matching and object co-segmentation tasks. 
### 2.Detecting Photoshopped Faces by Scripting Photoshop  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05856.pdf)
>  Most malicious photo manipulations are created using standard image editing tools, such as Adobe Photoshop. We present a method for detecting one very popular Photoshop manipulation -- image warping applied to human faces -- using a model trained entirely using fake images that were automatically generated by scripting Photoshop itself. We show that our model outperforms humans at the task of recognizing manipulated images, can predict the specific location of edits, and in some cases can be used to "undo" a manipulation to reconstruct the original, unedited image. We demonstrate that the system can be successfully applied to real, artist-created image manipulations. 
### 3.Contrastive Multiview Coding  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05849.pdf)
>  Humans view the world through many sensory channels, e.g., the long-wavelength light channel, viewed by the left eye, or the high-frequency vibrations channel, viewed by the right ear. Each view is noisy and incomplete, but important factors, such as physics, geometry, and semantics, tend to be shared between all views (e.g., a ``dog" can be seen, heard, and felt). We hypothesize that a powerful representation is one that models view-invariant factors. Based on this hypothesis, we investigate a contrastive coding scheme, in which a representation is learned that aims to maximize mutual information between different views but is otherwise compact. Our approach scales to any number of views, and is view-agnostic. The resulting learned representations perform above the state of the art for downstream tasks such as object classification, compared to formulations based on predictive learning or single view reconstruction, and improve as more views are added. Code and reference implementations are released on our project page: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/HobbitLong/CMC/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>. 
### 4.The Replica Dataset: A Digital Replica of Indoor Spaces  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05797.pdf)
>  We introduce Replica, a dataset of 18 highly photo-realistic 3D indoor scene reconstructions at room and building scale. Each scene consists of a dense mesh, high-resolution high-dynamic-range (HDR) textures, per-primitive semantic class and instance information, and planar mirror and glass reflectors. The goal of Replica is to enable machine learning (ML) research that relies on visually, geometrically, and semantically realistic generative models of the world - for instance, egocentric computer vision, semantic segmentation in 2D and 3D, geometric inference, and the development of embodied agents (virtual robots) performing navigation, instruction following, and question answering. Due to the high level of realism of the renderings from Replica, there is hope that ML systems trained on Replica may transfer directly to real world image and video data. Together with the data, we are releasing a minimal C++ SDK as a starting point for working with the Replica dataset. In addition, Replica is `Habitat-compatible', i.e. can be natively used with AI Habitat for training and testing embodied agents. 
### 5.Egocentric affordance detection with the one-shot geometry-driven Interaction Tensor  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05794.pdf)
>  In this abstract we describe recent [4,7] and latest work on the determination of affordances in visually perceived 3D scenes. Our method builds on the hypothesis that geometry on its own provides enough information to enable the detection of significant interaction possibilities in the environment. The motivation behind this is that geometric information is intimately related to the physical interactions afforded by objects in the world. The approach uses a generic representation for the interaction between everyday objects such as a mug or an umbrella with the environment, and also for more complex affordances such as humans Sitting or Riding a motorcycle. Experiments with synthetic and real RGB-D scenes show that the representation enables the prediction of affordance candidate locations in novel environments at fast rates and from a single (one-shot) training example. The determination of affordances is a crucial step towards systems that need to perceive and interact with their surroundings. We here illustrate output on two cases for a simulated robot and for an Augmented Reality setting, both perceiving in an egocentric manner. 
### 6.Training Image Estimators without Image Ground-Truth  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05775.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been very successful in image estimation applications such as compressive-sensing and image restoration, as a means to estimate images from partial, blurry, or otherwise degraded measurements. These networks are trained on a large number of corresponding pairs of measurements and ground-truth images, and thus implicitly learn to exploit domain-specific image statistics. But unlike measurement data, it is often expensive or impractical to collect a large training set of ground-truth images in many application settings. In this paper, we introduce an unsupervised framework for training image estimation networks, from a training set that contains only measurements---with two varied measurements per image---but no ground-truth for the full images desired as output. We demonstrate that our framework can be applied for both regular and blind image estimation tasks, where in the latter case parameters of the measurement model (e.g., the blur kernel) are unknown: during inference, and potentially, also during training. We evaluate our method for training networks for compressive-sensing and blind deconvolution, considering both non-blind and blind training for the latter. Our unsupervised framework yields models that are nearly as accurate as those from fully supervised training, despite not having access to any ground-truth images. 
### 7.Unsupervised Image Noise Modeling with Self-Consistent GAN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05762.pdf)
>  Noise modeling lies in the heart of many image processing tasks. However, existing deep learning methods for noise modeling generally require clean and noisy image pairs for model training; these image pairs are difficult to obtain in many realistic scenarios. To ameliorate this problem, we propose a self-consistent GAN (SCGAN), that can directly extract noise maps from noisy images, thus enabling unsupervised noise modeling. In particular, the SCGAN introduces three novel self-consistent constraints that are complementary to one another, viz.: the noise model should produce a zero response over a clean input; the noise model should return the same output when fed with a specific pure noise input; and the noise model also should re-extract a pure noise map if the map is added to a clean image. These three constraints are simple yet effective. They jointly facilitate unsupervised learning of a noise model for various noise types. To demonstrate its wide applicability, we deploy the SCGAN on three image processing tasks including blind image denoising, rain streak removal, and noisy image super-resolution. The results demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of our method over the state-of-the-art methods on a variety of benchmark datasets, even though the noise types vary significantly and paired clean images are not available. 
### 8.The iMaterialist Fashion Attribute Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05750.pdf)
>  Large-scale image databases such as ImageNet have significantly advanced image classification and other visual recognition tasks. However much of these datasets are constructed only for single-label and coarse object-level classification. For real-world applications, multiple labels and fine-grained categories are often needed, yet very few such datasets exist publicly, especially those of large-scale and high quality. In this work, we contribute to the community a new dataset called iMaterialist Fashion Attribute (iFashion-Attribute) to address this problem in the fashion domain. The dataset is constructed from over one million fashion images with a label space that includes 8 groups of 228 fine-grained attributes in total. Each image is annotated by experts with multiple, high-quality fashion attributes. The result is the first known million-scale multi-label and fine-grained image dataset. We conduct extensive experiments and provide baseline results with modern deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Additionally, we demonstrate models pre-trained on iFashion-Attribute achieve superior transfer learning performance on fashion related tasks compared with pre-training from ImageNet or other fashion datasets. Data is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/visipedia/imat_fashion_comp" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 9.Generating and Exploiting Probabilistic Monocular Depth Estimates  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05739.pdf)
>  Despite the remarkable success of modern monocular depth estimation methods, the accuracy achievable from a single image is limited, making it is practically useful to incorporate other sources of depth information. Currently, depth estimation from different combinations of sources are treated as different applications, and solved via separate networks trained to use the set of available sources as input for each application. In this paper, we propose a common versatile model that outputs a probability distribution over scene depth given an input color image, as a sample approximation using outputs from a conditional GAN. This distributional output is useful even in the monocular setting, and can be used to estimate depth, pairwise ordering, etc. More importantly, these outputs can be combined with a variety of other depth cues---such as user guidance and partial measurements---for use in different application settings, without retraining. We demonstrate the efficacy of our approach through experiments on the NYUv2 dataset for a number of tasks, and find that our results from a common model, trained only once, are comparable to those from state-of-the-art methods with separate task-specific models. 
### 10.Visual Wake Words Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05721.pdf)
>  The emergence of Internet of Things (IoT) applications requires intelligence on the edge. Microcontrollers provide a low-cost compute platform to deploy intelligent IoT applications using machine learning at scale, but have extremely limited on-chip memory and compute capability. To deploy computer vision on such devices, we need tiny vision models that fit within a few hundred kilobytes of memory footprint in terms of peak usage and model size on device storage. To facilitate the development of microcontroller friendly models, we present a new dataset, Visual Wake Words, that represents a common microcontroller vision use-case of identifying whether a person is present in the image or not, and provides a realistic benchmark for tiny vision models. Within a limited memory footprint of 250 KB, several state-of-the-art mobile models achieve accuracy of 85-90% on the Visual Wake Words dataset. We anticipate the proposed dataset will advance the research on tiny vision models that can push the pareto-optimal boundary in terms of accuracy versus memory usage for microcontroller applications. 
### 11.Unsupervised Monocular Depth and Ego-motion Learning with Structure and Semantics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05717.pdf)
>  We present an approach which takes advantage of both structure and semantics for unsupervised monocular learning of depth and ego-motion. More specifically, we model the motion of individual objects and learn their 3D motion vector jointly with depth and ego-motion. We obtain more accurate results, especially for challenging dynamic scenes not addressed by previous approaches. This is an extended version of Casser et al. [AAAI'19]. Code and models have been open sourced at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://sites.google.com/corp/view/struct2depth" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 12.2D Attentional Irregular Scene Text Recognizer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05708.pdf)
>  Irregular scene text, which has complex layout in 2D space, is challenging to most previous scene text recognizers. Recently, some irregular scene text recognizers either rectify the irregular text to regular text image with approximate 1D layout or transform the 2D image feature map to 1D feature sequence. Though these methods have achieved good performance, the robustness and accuracy are still limited due to the loss of spatial information in the process of 2D to 1D transformation. Different from all of previous, we in this paper propose a framework which transforms the irregular text with 2D layout to character sequence directly via 2D attentional scheme. We utilize a relation attention module to capture the dependencies of feature maps and a parallel attention module to decode all characters in parallel, which make our method more effective and efficient. Extensive experiments on several public benchmarks as well as our collected multi-line text dataset show that our approach is effective to recognize regular and irregular scene text and outperforms previous methods both in accuracy and speed. 
### 13.Slim DensePose: Thrifty Learning from Sparse Annotations and Motion Cues  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05706.pdf)
>  DensePose supersedes traditional landmark detectors by densely mapping image pixels to body surface coordinates. This power, however, comes at a greatly increased annotation time, as supervising the model requires to manually label hundreds of points per pose instance. In this work, we thus seek methods to significantly slim down the DensePose annotations, proposing more efficient data collection strategies. In particular, we demonstrate that if annotations are collected in video frames, their efficacy can be multiplied for free by using motion cues. To explore this idea, we introduce DensePose-Track, a dataset of videos where selected frames are annotated in the traditional DensePose manner. Then, building on geometric properties of the DensePose mapping, we use the video dynamic to propagate ground-truth annotations in time as well as to learn from Siamese equivariance constraints. Having performed exhaustive empirical evaluation of various data annotation and learning strategies, we demonstrate that doing so can deliver significantly improved pose estimation results over strong baselines. However, despite what is suggested by some recent works, we show that merely synthesizing motion patterns by applying geometric transformations to isolated frames is significantly less effective, and that motion cues help much more when they are extracted from videos. 
### 14.Grid R-CNN Plus: Faster and Better  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05688.pdf)
>  Grid R-CNN is a well-performed objection detection framework. It transforms the traditional box offset regression problem into a grid point estimation problem. With the guidance of the grid points, it can obtain high-quality localization results. However, the speed of Grid R-CNN is not so satisfactory. In this technical report we present Grid R-CNN Plus, a better and faster version of Grid R-CNN. We have made several updates that significantly speed up the framework and simultaneously improve the accuracy. On COCO dataset, the Res50-FPN based Grid R-CNN Plus detector achieves an mAP of 40.4%, outperforming the baseline on the same model by 3.0 points with similar inference time. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/STVIR/Grid-R-CNN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 15.Privacy-Preserving Deep Visual Recognition: An Adversarial Learning Framework and A New Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05675.pdf)
>  This paper aims to boost privacy-preserving visual recognition, an increasingly demanded feature in smart camera applications, using deep learning. We formulate a unique adversarial training framework, that learns a degradation transform for the original video inputs, in order to explicitly optimize the trade-off between target task performance and the associated privacy budgets on the degraded video. We carefully analyze and benchmark three different optimization strategies to train the resulting model. Notably, the privacy budget, often defined and measured in task-driven contexts, cannot be reliably indicated using any single model performance, because a strong protection of privacy has to sustain against any possible model that tries to hack privacy information. In order to tackle this problem, we propose two strategies: model restarting and model ensemble, which can be easily plug-and-play into our training algorithms and further improve the performance. Extensive experiments have been carried out and analyzed. On the other hand, few public datasets are available with both utility and privacy labels provided, making the power of data-driven (supervised) learning not yet fully unleashed on this task. We first discuss an innovative heuristic of cross-dataset training and evaluation, that jointly utilizes two datasets with target task and privacy labels respectively, for adversarial training. To further alleviate this challenge, we have constructed a new dataset, termed PA-HMDB51, with both target task (action) and selected privacy attributes (gender, age, race, nudity, and relationship) labeled on a frame-wise basis. This first-of-its-kind video dataset further validates the effectiveness of our proposed framework, and opens up new opportunities for the research community. 
### 16.$c^+$GAN: Complementary Fashion Item Recommendation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05596.pdf)
>  We present a conditional generative adversarial model to draw realistic samples from paired fashion clothing distribution and provide real samples to pair with arbitrary fashion units. More concretely, given an image of a shirt, obtained from a fashion magazine, a brochure or even any random click on ones phone, we draw realistic samples from a parameterized conditional distribution learned as a conditional generative adversarial network ($c^+$GAN) to generate the possible pants which can go with the shirt. We start with a classical cGAN model as proposed by Mirza and Osindero~\cite{MirzaO14} and modify both the generator and discriminator to work on captured-in-the-wild data with no human alignment. We gather a dataset from web crawled data, systematically develop a method which counters the problems inherent to such data, and finally present plausible results based on our technique. We propose simple ideas to evaluate how these techniques can conquer the cognitive gap that exists when arbitrary clothing articles need to be paired with another relevant article, based on similarity of search results. 
### 17.Amur Tiger Re-identification in the Wild  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05586.pdf)
>  Monitoring the population and movements of endangered species is an important task to wildlife conversation. Traditional tagging methods do not scale to large populations, while applying computer vision methods to camera sensor data requires re-identification (re-ID) algorithms to obtain accurate counts and moving trajectory of wildlife. However, existing re-ID methods are largely targeted at persons and cars, which have limited pose variations and constrained capture environments. This paper tries to fill the gap by introducing a novel large-scale dataset, the Amur Tiger Re-identification in the Wild (ATRW) dataset. ATRW contains over 8,000 video clips from 92 Amur tigers, with bounding box, pose keypoint, and tiger identity annotations. In contrast to typical re-ID datasets, the tigers are captured in a diverse set of unconstrained poses and lighting conditions. We demonstrate with a set of baseline algorithms that ATRW is a challenging dataset for re-ID. Lastly, we propose a novel method for tiger re-identification, which introduces precise pose parts modeling in deep neural networks to handle large pose variation of tigers, and reaches notable performance improvement over existing re-ID methods. The dataset will be public available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://cvwc2019.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . 
### 18.Learning Spatio-Temporal Representation with Local and Global Diffusion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05571.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have been regarded as a powerful class of models for visual recognition problems. Nevertheless, the convolutional filters in these networks are local operations while ignoring the large-range dependency. Such drawback becomes even worse particularly for video recognition, since video is an information-intensive media with complex temporal variations. In this paper, we present a novel framework to boost the spatio-temporal representation learning by Local and Global Diffusion (LGD). Specifically, we construct a novel neural network architecture that learns the local and global representations in parallel. The architecture is composed of LGD blocks, where each block updates local and global features by modeling the diffusions between these two representations. Diffusions effectively interact two aspects of information, i.e., localized and holistic, for more powerful way of representation learning. Furthermore, a kernelized classifier is introduced to combine the representations from two aspects for video recognition. Our LGD networks achieve clear improvements on the large-scale Kinetics-400 and Kinetics-600 video classification datasets against the best competitors by 3.5% and 0.7%. We further examine the generalization of both the global and local representations produced by our pre-trained LGD networks on four different benchmarks for video action recognition and spatio-temporal action detection tasks. Superior performances over several state-of-the-art techniques on these benchmarks are reported. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhaofanQiu/local-and-global-diffusion-networks" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 19.Illuminant Chromaticity Estimation from Interreflections  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05526.pdf)
>  Reliable estimation of illuminant chromaticity is crucial for simulating color constancy and for white balancing digital images. However, estimating illuminant chromaticity from a single image is an ill-posed task, in general, and existing solutions typically employ a variety of assumptions and heuristics. In this paper, we present a new, physically-based, approach for estimating illuminant chromaticity from interreflections of light between diffuse surfaces. Our approach assumes that all of the direct illumination in the scene has the same chromaticity, and that at least two areas where interreflections between Lambertian surfaces occur may be detected in the image. No further assumptions or restrictions on the illuminant chromaticty or the shading in the scene are necessary. Our approach is based on representing interreflections as lines in a special 2D color space, and the chromaticity of the illuminant is estimated from the approximate intersection between two or more such lines. Experimental results are reported on a dataset of illumination and surface reflectance spectra, as well as on real images we captured. The results indicate that our approach can yield state-of-the-art results when the interreflections are significant enough to be captured by the camera. 
### 20.MIMA: MAPPER-Induced Manifold Alignment for Semi-Supervised Fusion of Optical Image and Polarimetric SAR Data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05512.pdf)
>  Multi-modal data fusion has recently been shown promise in classification tasks in remote sensing. Optical data and radar data, two important yet intrinsically different data sources, are attracting more and more attention for potential data fusion. It is already widely known that, a machine learning based methodology often yields excellent performance. However, the methodology relies on a large training set, which is very expensive to achieve in remote sensing. The semi-supervised manifold alignment (SSMA), a multi-modal data fusion algorithm, has been designed to amplify the impact of an existing training set by linking labeled data to unlabeled data via unsupervised techniques. In this paper, we explore the potential of SSMA in fusing optical data and polarimetric SAR data, which are multi-sensory data sources. Furthermore, we propose a MAPPER-induced manifold alignment (MIMA) for semi-supervised fusion of multi-sensory data sources. Our proposed method unites SSMA with MAPPER, which is developed from the emerging topological data analysis (TDA) field. To our best knowledge, this is the first time that SSMA has been applied on fusing optical data and SAR data, and also the first time that TDA has been applied in remote sensing. The conventional SSMA derives a topological structure using k-nearest-neighbor (kNN), while MIMA employs MAPPER, which considers the field knowledge and derives a novel topological structure through the spectral clustering in a data-driven fashion. Experiment results on data fusion with respect to land cover land use classification and local climate zone classification suggest superior performance of MIMA. 
### 21.Understanding Human Context in 3D Scenes by Learning Spatial Affordances with Virtual Skeleton Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05498.pdf)
>  Robots are often required to operate in environments where humans are not present, but yet require the human context information for better human-robot interaction. Even when humans are present in the environment, detecting their presence in cluttered environments could be challenging. As a solution to this problem, this paper presents the concept of spatial affordance map which learns human context by looking at geometric features of the environment. Instead of observing real humans to learn human context, it uses virtual human models and their relationships with the environment to map hidden human affordances in 3D scenes by placing virtual skeleton models in 3D scenes with their confidence values. The spatial affordance map learning problem is formulated as a multi-label classification problem that can be learned using Support Vector Machine (SVM) based learners. Experiments carried out in a real 3D scene dataset recorded promising results and proved the applicability of affordance-map for mapping human context. 
### 22.S3: A Spectral-Spatial Structure Loss for Pan-Sharpening Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05480.pdf)
>  Recently, many deep-learning-based pan-sharpening methods have been proposed for generating high-quality pan-sharpened (PS) satellite images. These methods focused on various types of convolutional neural network (CNN) structures, which were trained by simply minimizing L1 or L2 losses between network outputs and the corresponding high-resolution multi-spectral (MS) target images. However, due to different sensor characteristics and acquisition times, high-resolution panchromatic (PAN) and low-resolution MS image pairs tend to have large pixel misalignments, especially for moving objects in the images. Conventional CNNs trained with L1 or L2 losses with these satellite image datasets often produce PS images of low visual quality including double-edge artifacts along strong edges and ghosting artifacts on moving objects. In this letter, we propose a novel loss function, called a spectral-spatial structure (S3) loss, based on the correlation maps between MS targets and PAN inputs. Our proposed S3 loss can be very effectively utilized for pan-sharpening with various types of CNN structures, resulting in significant visual improvements on PS images with suppressed artifacts. 
### 23.CoopSubNet: Cooperating Subnetwork for Data-Driven Regularization of Deep Networks under Limited Training Budgets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05441.pdf)
>  Deep networks are an integral part of the current machine learning paradigm. Their inherent ability to learn complex functional mappings between data and various target variables, while discovering hidden, task-driven features, makes them a powerful technology in a wide variety of applications. Nonetheless, the success of these networks typically relies on the availability of sufficient training data to optimize a large number of free parameters while avoiding overfitting, especially for networks with large capacity. In scenarios with limited training budgets, e.g., supervised tasks with limited labeled samples, several generic and/or task-specific regularization techniques, including data augmentation, have been applied to improve the generalization of deep networks.Typically such regularizations are introduced independently of that data or training scenario, and must therefore be tuned, tested, and modified to meet the needs of a particular network. In this paper, we propose a novel regularization framework that is driven by the population-level statistics of the feature space to be learned. The regularization is in the form of a \textbf{cooperating subnetwork}, which is an auto-encoder architecture attached to the feature space and trained in conjunction with the primary network. We introduce the architecture and training methodology and demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed cooperative network-based regularization in a variety of tasks and architectures from the literature. Our code is freely available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/riddhishb/CoopSubNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 24.Topology-Preserving Deep Image Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05404.pdf)
>  Segmentation algorithms are prone to make topological errors on fine-scale structures, e.g., broken connections. We propose a novel method that learns to segment with correct topology. In particular, we design a continuous-valued loss function that enforces a segmentation to have the same topology as the ground truth, i.e., having the same Betti number. The proposed topology-preserving loss function is differentiable and we incorporate it into end-to-end training of a deep neural network. Our method achieves much better performance on the Betti number error, which directly accounts for the topological correctness. It also performs superiorly on other topology-relevant metrics, e.g., the Adjusted Rand Index and the Variation of Information. We illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed method on a broad spectrum of natural and biomedical datasets. 
### 25.Assisted Excitation of Activations: A Learning Technique to Improve Object Detectors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05388.pdf)
>  We present a simple and effective learning technique that significantly improves mAP of YOLO object detectors without compromising their speed. During network training, we carefully feed in localization information. We excite certain activations in order to help the network learn to better localize. In the later stages of training, we gradually reduce our assisted excitation to zero. We reached a new state-of-the-art in the speed-accuracy trade-off. Our technique improves the mAP of YOLOv2 by 3.8% and mAP of YOLOv3 by 2.2% on MSCOCO dataset.This technique is inspired from curriculum learning. It is simple and effective and it is applicable to most single-stage object detectors. 
### 26.Eye Contact Correction using Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05378.pdf)
>  In a typical video conferencing setup, it is hard to maintain eye contact during a call since it requires looking into the camera rather than the display. We propose an eye contact correction model that restores the eye contact regardless of the relative position of the camera and display. Unlike previous solutions, our model redirects the gaze from an arbitrary direction to the center without requiring a redirection angle or camera/display/user geometry as inputs. We use a deep convolutional neural network that inputs a monocular image and produces a vector field and a brightness map to correct the gaze. We train this model in a bi-directional way on a large set of synthetically generated photorealistic images with perfect labels. The learned model is a robust eye contact corrector which also predicts the input gaze implicitly at no additional cost. Our system is primarily designed to improve the quality of video conferencing experience. Therefore, we use a set of control mechanisms to prevent creepy results and to ensure a smooth and natural video conferencing experience. The entire eye contact correction system runs end-to-end in real-time on a commodity CPU and does not require any dedicated hardware, making our solution feasible for a variety of devices. 
### 27.The Herbarium Challenge 2019 Dataset  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05372.pdf)
>  Herbarium sheets are invaluable for botanical research, and considerable time and effort is spent by experts to label and identify specimens on them. In view of recent advances in computer vision and deep learning, developing an automated approach to help experts identify specimens could significantly accelerate research in this area. Whereas most existing botanical datasets comprise photos of specimens in the wild, herbarium sheets exhibit dried specimens, which poses new challenges. We present a challenge dataset of herbarium sheet images labeled by experts, with the intent of facilitating the development of automated identification techniques for this challenging scenario. 
### 28.Uncovering Dominant Social Class in Neighborhoods through Building Footprints: A Case Study of Residential Zones in Massachusetts using Computer Vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05352.pdf)
>  In urban theory, urban form is related to social and economic status. This paper explores to uncover zip-code level income through urban form by analyzing figure-ground map, a simple, prevailing and precise representation of urban form in the field of urban study. Deep learning in computer vision enables such representation maps to be studied at a large scale. We propose to train a DCNN model to identify and uncover the internal bridge between social class and urban form. Further, using hand-crafted informative visual features related with urban form properties (building size, building density, etc.), we apply a random forest classifier to interpret how morphological properties are related with social class. 
### 29.HPLFlowNet: Hierarchical Permutohedral Lattice FlowNet for Scene Flow Estimation on Large-scale Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05332.pdf)
>  We present a novel deep neural network architecture for end-to-end scene flow estimation that directly operates on large-scale 3D point clouds. Inspired by Bilateral Convolutional Layers (BCL), we propose novel DownBCL, UpBCL, and CorrBCL operations that restore structural information from unstructured point clouds, and fuse information from two consecutive point clouds. Operating on discrete and sparse permutohedral lattice points, our architectural design is parsimonious in computational cost. Our model can efficiently process a pair of point cloud frames at once with a maximum of 86K points per frame. Our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on the FlyingThings3D and KITTI Scene Flow 2015 datasets. Moreover, trained on synthetic data, our approach shows great generalization ability on real-world data and on different point densities without fine-tuning. 
### 30.Mask2Lesion: Mask-Constrained Adversarial Skin Lesion Image Synthesis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05845.pdf)
>  Skin lesion segmentation is a vital task in skin cancer diagnosis and further treatment. Although deep learning based approaches have significantly improved the segmentation accuracy, these algorithms are still reliant on having a large enough dataset in order to achieve adequate results. Inspired by the immense success of generative adversarial networks (GANs), we propose a GAN-based augmentation of the original dataset in order to improve the segmentation performance. In particular, we use the segmentation masks available in the training dataset to generate new synthetic skin lesion images using a conditional GAN, modeling this as a paired image-to-image translation task, which are then used to augment the original training dataset. We test Mask2Lesion augmentation on the ISBI ISIC 2017 Skin Lesion Segmentation Challenge dataset and observe that it improves the segmentation accuracy, compared to a model trained with only classical data augmentation techniques by 1.12%. 
### 31.Deep Reinforcement Learning for Industrial Insertion Tasks with Visual Inputs and Natural Rewards  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05841.pdf)
>  Connector insertion and many other tasks commonly found in modern manufacturing settings involve complex contact dynamics and friction. Since it is difficult to capture related physical effects with first-order modeling, traditional control methods often result in brittle and inaccurate controllers, which have to be manually tuned. Reinforcement learning (RL) methods have been demonstrated to be capable of learning controllers in such environments from autonomous interaction with the environment, but running RL algorithms in the real world poses sample efficiency and safety challenges. Moreover, in practical real-world settings we cannot assume access to perfect state information or dense reward signals. In this paper, we consider a variety of difficult industrial insertion tasks with visual inputs and different natural reward specifications, namely sparse rewards and goal images. We show that methods that combine RL with prior information, such as classical controllers or demonstrations, can solve these tasks from a reasonable amount of real-world interaction. 
### 32.Contrastive Bidirectional Transformer for Temporal Representation Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05743.pdf)
>  This paper aims at learning representations for long sequences of continuous signals. Recently, the BERT model has demonstrated the effectiveness of stacked transformers for representing sequences of discrete signals (i.e. word tokens). Inspired by its success, we adopt the stacked transformer architecture, but generalize its training objective to maximize the mutual information between the masked signals, and the bidirectional context, via contrastive loss. This enables the model to handle continuous signals, such as visual features. We further consider the case when there are multiple sequences that are semantically aligned at the sequence-level but not at the element-level (e.g. video and ASR), where we propose to use a Transformer to estimate the mutual information between the two sequences, which is again maximized via contrastive loss. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the learned representations on modeling long video sequences for action anticipation and video captioning. The results show that our method, referred to by Contrastive Bidirectional Transformer ({\bf CBT}), outperforms various baselines significantly. Furthermore, we improve over the state of the art. 
### 33.Detection and Correction of Cardiac MR Motion Artefacts during Reconstruction from K-space  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05695.pdf)
>  In fully sampled cardiac MR (CMR) acquisitions, motion can lead to corruption of k-space lines, which can result in artefacts in the reconstructed images. In this paper, we propose a method to automatically detect and correct motion-related artefacts in CMR acquisitions during reconstruction from k-space data. Our correction method is inspired by work on undersampled CMR reconstruction, and uses deep learning to optimize a data-consistency term for under-sampled k-space reconstruction. Our main methodological contribution is the addition of a detection network to classify motion-corrupted k-space lines to convert the problem of artefact correction to a problem of reconstruction using the data consistency term. We train our network to automatically correct for motion-related artefacts using synthetically corrupted cine CMR k-space data as well as uncorrupted CMR images. Using a test set of 50 2D+time cine CMR datasets from the UK Biobank, we achieve good image quality in the presence of synthetic motion artefacts. We quantitatively compare our method with a variety of techniques for recovering good image quality and showcase better performance compared to state of the art denoising techniques with a PSNR of 37.1. Moreover, we show that our method preserves the quality of uncorrupted images and therefore can be also utilized as a general image reconstruction algorithm. 
### 34.A Computationally Efficient Method for Defending Adversarial Deep Learning Attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05599.pdf)
>  The reliance on deep learning algorithms has grown significantly in recent years. Yet, these models are highly vulnerable to adversarial attacks, which introduce visually imperceptible perturbations into testing data to induce misclassifications. The literature has proposed several methods to combat such adversarial attacks, but each method either fails at high perturbation values, requires excessive computing power, or both. This letter proposes a computationally efficient method for defending the Fast Gradient Sign (FGS) adversarial attack by simultaneously denoising and compressing data. Specifically, our proposed defense relies on training a fully connected multi-layer Denoising Autoencoder (DAE) and using its encoder as a defense against the adversarial attack. Our results show that using this dimensionality reduction scheme is not only highly effective in mitigating the effect of the FGS attack in multiple threat models, but it also provides a 2.43x speedup in comparison to defense strategies providing similar robustness against the same attack. 
### 35.Deep Variational Networks with Exponential Weighting for Learning Computed Tomography  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05528.pdf)
>  Tomographic image reconstruction is relevant for many medical imaging modalities including X-ray, ultrasound (US) computed tomography (CT) and photoacoustics, for which the access to full angular range tomographic projections might be not available in clinical practice due to physical or time constraints. Reconstruction from incomplete data in low signal-to-noise ratio regime is a challenging and ill-posed inverse problem that usually leads to unsatisfactory image quality. While informative image priors may be learned using generic deep neural network architectures, the artefacts caused by an ill-conditioned design matrix often have global spatial support and cannot be efficiently filtered out by means of convolutions. In this paper we propose to learn an inverse mapping in an end-to-end fashion via unrolling optimization iterations of a prototypical reconstruction algorithm. We herein introduce a network architecture that performs filtering jointly in both sinogram and spatial domains. To efficiently train such deep network we propose a novel regularization approach based on deep exponential weighting. Experiments on US and X-ray CT data show that our proposed method is qualitatively and quantitatively superior to conventional non-linear reconstruction methods as well as state-of-the-art deep networks for image reconstruction. Fast inference time of the proposed algorithm allows for sophisticated reconstructions in real-time critical settings, demonstrated with US SoS imaging of an ex vivo bovine phantom. 
### 36.An image-driven machine learning approach to kinetic modeling of a discontinuous precipitation reaction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05496.pdf)
>  Micrograph quantification is an essential component of several materials science studies. Machine learning methods, in particular convolutional neural networks, have previously demonstrated performance in image recognition tasks across several disciplines (e.g. materials science, medical imaging, facial recognition). Here, we apply these well-established methods to develop an approach to microstructure quantification for kinetic modeling of a discontinuous precipitation reaction in a case study on the uranium-molybdenum system. Prediction of material processing history based on image data (classification), calculation of area fraction of phases present in the micrographs (segmentation), and kinetic modeling from segmentation results were performed. Results indicate that convolutional neural networks represent microstructure image data well, and segmentation using the k-means clustering algorithm yields results that agree well with manually annotated images. Classification accuracies of original and segmented images are both 94\% for a 5-class classification problem. Kinetic modeling results agree well with previously reported data using manual thresholding. The image quantification and kinetic modeling approach developed and presented here aims to reduce researcher bias introduced into the characterization process, and allows for leveraging information in limited image data sets. 
### 37.Robust and interpretable blind image denoising via bias-free convolutional neural networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05478.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional networks often append additive constant ("bias") terms to their convolution operations, enabling a richer repertoire of functional mappings. Biases are also used to facilitate training, by subtracting mean response over batches of training images (a component of "batch normalization"). Recent state-of-the-art blind denoising methods (e.g., DnCNN) seem to require these terms for their success. Here, however, we show that these networks systematically overfit the noise levels for which they are trained: when deployed at noise levels outside the training range, performance degrades dramatically. In contrast, a bias-free architecture -- obtained by removing the constant terms in every layer of the network, including those used for batch normalization-- generalizes robustly across noise levels, while preserving state-of-the-art performance within the training range. Locally, the bias-free network acts linearly on the noisy image, enabling direct analysis of network behavior via standard linear-algebraic tools. These analyses provide interpretations of network functionality in terms of nonlinear adaptive filtering, and projection onto a union of low-dimensional subspaces, connecting the learning-based method to more traditional denoising methodology. 
### 38.Copulas as High-Dimensional Generative Models: Vine Copula Autoencoders  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05423.pdf)
>  We propose a vine copula autoencoder to construct flexible generative models for high-dimensional distributions in a straightforward three-step procedure. First, an autoencoder compresses the data using a lower dimensional representation. Second, the multivariate distribution of the encoded data is estimated with vine copulas. Third, a generative model is obtained by combining the estimated distribution with the decoder part of the autoencoder. This approach can transform any already trained autoencoder into a flexible generative model at a low computational cost. This is an advantage over existing generative models such as adversarial networks and variational autoencoders which can be difficult to train and can impose strong assumptions on the latent space. Experiments on MNIST, Street View House Numbers and Large-Scale CelebFaces Attributes datasets show that vine copulas autoencoders can achieve competitive results to standard baselines. 
### 39.GANPOP: Generative Adversarial Network Prediction of Optical Properties from Single Snapshot Wide-field Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05360.pdf)
>  We present a deep learning framework for wide-field, content-aware estimation of absorption and scattering coefficients of tissues, called Generative Adversarial Network Prediction of Optical Properties (GANPOP). Spatial frequency domain imaging is used to obtain ground-truth optical properties from in vivo human hands, freshly resected human esophagectomy samples and homogeneous tissue phantoms. Images of objects with either flat-field or structured illumination are paired with registered optical property maps and are used to train conditional generative adversarial networks that estimate optical properties from a single input image. We benchmark this approach by comparing GANPOP to a single-snapshot optical property (SSOP) technique, using a normalized mean absolute error (NMAE) metric. In human gastrointestinal specimens, GANPOP estimates both reduced scattering and absorption coefficients at 660 nm from a single 0.2 /mm spatial frequency illumination image with 58% higher accuracy than SSOP. When applied to both in vivo and ex vivo swine tissues, a GANPOP model trained solely on human specimens and phantoms estimates optical properties with approximately 43% improvement over SSOP, indicating adaptability to sample variety. Moreover, we demonstrate that GANPOP estimates optical properties from flat-field illumination images with similar error to SSOP, which requires structured-illumination. Given a training set that appropriately spans the target domain, GANPOP has the potential to enable rapid and accurate wide-field measurements of optical properties, even from conventional imaging systems with flat-field illumination. 
### 40.Image-Adaptive GAN based Reconstruction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05284.pdf)
>  In the recent years, there has been a significant improvement in the quality of samples produced by (deep) generative models such as variational auto-encoders and generative adversarial networks. However, the representation capabilities of these methods still do not capture the full distribution for complex classes of images, such as human faces. This deficiency has been clearly observed in previous works that use pre-trained generative models to solve imaging inverse problems. In this paper, we suggest to mitigate the limited representation capabilities of generators by making them image-adaptive and enforcing compliance of the restoration with the observations via back-projections. We empirically demonstrate the advantages of our proposed approach for image super-resolution and compressed sensing 
