# ArXiv cs.CV --Mon, 24 Jun 2019
### 1.Fully Decoupled Neural Network Learning Using Delayed Gradients  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09108.pdf)
>  Using the back-propagation (BP) to train neural networks requires a sequential passing of the activations and the gradients, which forces the network modules to work in a synchronous fashion. This has been recognized as the lockings (i.e., the forward, backward and update lockings) inherited from the BP. In this paper, we propose a fully decoupled training scheme using delayed gradients (FDG) to break all these lockings. The proposed method splits a neural network into multiple modules that are trained independently and asynchronously in different GPUs. We also introduce a gradient shrinking process to reduce the stale gradient effect caused by the delayed gradients. In addition, we prove that the proposed FDG algorithm guarantees a statistical convergence during training. Experiments are conducted by training deep convolutional neural networks to perform classification tasks on benchmark datasets. The proposed FDG is able to train very deep networks (&gt;100 layers) and very large networks (&gt;35 million parameters) with significant speed gains while outperforming the state-of-the-art methods and the standard BP. 
### 2.Evolution Attack On Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09072.pdf)
>  Many studies have been done to prove the vulnerability of neural networks to adversarial example. A trained and well-behaved model can be fooled by a visually imperceptible perturbation, i.e., an originally correctly classified image could be misclassified after a slight perturbation. In this paper, we propose a black-box strategy to attack such networks using an evolution algorithm. First, we formalize the generation of an adversarial example into the optimization problem of perturbations that represent the noise added to an original image at each pixel. To solve this optimization problem in a black-box way, we find that an evolution algorithm perfectly meets our requirement since it can work without any gradient information. Therefore, we test various evolution algorithms, including a simple genetic algorithm, a parameter-exploring policy gradient, an OpenAI evolution strategy, and a covariance matrix adaptive evolution strategy. Experimental results show that a covariance matrix adaptive evolution Strategy performs best in this optimization problem. Additionally, we also perform several experiments to explore the effect of different regularizations on improving the quality of an adversarial example. 
### 3.Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Classification from Microscopic Images using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09020.pdf)
>  Examining blood microscopic images for leukemia is necessary when expensive equipment for flow cytometry is unavailable. Automated systems can ease the burden on medical experts for performing this examination and may be especially helpful to quickly screen a large number of patients. We present a simple, yet effective classification approach using a ResNeXt convolutional neural network with Squeeze-and-Excitation modules. The approach was evaluated in the C-NMC online challenge and achieves a weighted F1-score of 88.91% on the test set. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jprellberg/isbi2019cancer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> 
### 4.Deep RGB-D Canonical Correlation Analysis For Sparse Depth Completion  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08967.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose our Correlation For Completion Network (CFCNet), an end-to-end deep model to do the sparse depth completion task with RGB information. We first propose a 2D deep canonical correlation analysis as network constraints to ensure encoders of RGB and depth capture the most similar semantics. We then transform the RGB features to the depth domain. The complementary RGB information is used to complete the missing depth information. We conduct extensive experiments on both outdoor and indoor scene datasets. For outdoor scenes, KITTI and Cityscape are used, which captured the depth information with LiDARs and stereo cameras respectively. For indoor scenes, we use NYUv2 with stereo/ORB feature sparsifiers and SLAM RGBD datasets. Experiments demonstrate our CFCNet outperforms the state-of-the-art methods using these datasets. Our best results improve the percentage of accurate estimations from 13.03 to 58.89 (+394%) compared with the state-of-the-art method on the SLAM RGBD dataset. 
### 5.FBK-HUPBA Submission to the EPIC-Kitchens 2019 Action Recognition Challenge  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08960.pdf)
>  In this report we describe the technical details of our submission to the EPIC-Kitchens 2019 action recognition challenge. To participate in the challenge we have developed a number of CNN-LSTA [3] and HF-TSN [2] variants, and submitted predictions from an ensemble compiled out of these two model families. Our submission, visible on the public leaderboard with team name FBK-HUPBA, achieved a top-1 action recognition accuracy of 35.54% on S1 setting, and 20.25% on S2 setting. 
### 6.Pixel-Accurate Depth Evaluation in Realistic Driving Scenarios  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08953.pdf)
>  This work presents an evaluation benchmark for depth estimation and completion using high-resolution depth measurements with angular resolution of up to 25" (arcsecond), akin to a 50 megapixel camera with per-pixel depth available. Existing datasets, such as the KITTI benchmark, provide only sparse reference measurements with an order of magnitude lower angular resolution - these sparse measurements are treated as ground truth by existing depth estimation methods. We propose an evaluation in four characteristic automotive scenarios recorded in varying weather conditions (day, night, fog, rain). As a result, our benchmark allows to evaluate the robustness of depth sensing methods to adverse weather and different driving conditions. Using the proposed evaluation data, we show that current stereo approaches provide significantly more stable depth estimates than monocular methods and lidar completion in adverse weather. 
### 7.Rules of the Road: Predicting Driving Behavior with a Convolutional Model of Semantic Interactions  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08945.pdf)
>  We focus on the problem of predicting future states of entities in complex, real-world driving scenarios. Previous research has used low-level signals to predict short time horizons, and has not addressed how to leverage key assets relied upon heavily by industry self-driving systems: (1) large 3D perception efforts which provide highly accurate 3D states of agents with rich attributes, and (2) detailed and accurate semantic maps of the environment (lanes, traffic lights, crosswalks, etc). We present a unified representation which encodes such high-level semantic information in a spatial grid, allowing the use of deep convolutional models to fuse complex scene context. This enables learning entity-entity and entity-environment interactions with simple, feed-forward computations in each timestep within an overall temporal model of an agent's behavior. We propose different ways of modelling the future as a distribution over future states using standard supervised learning. We introduce a novel dataset providing industry-grade rich perception and semantic inputs, and empirically show we can effectively learn fundamentals of driving behavior. 
### 8.Predicting Future Opioid Incidences Today  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08891.pdf)
>  According to the Center of Disease Control (CDC), the Opioid epidemic has claimed more than 72,000 lives in the US in 2017 alone. In spite of various efforts at the local, state and federal level, the impact of the epidemic is becoming progressively worse, as evidenced by the fact that the number of Opioid related deaths increased by 12.5\% between 2016 and 2017. Predictive analytics can play an important role in combating the epidemic by providing decision making tools to stakeholders at multiple levels - from health care professionals to policy makers to first responders. Generating Opioid incidence heat maps from past data, aid these stakeholders to visualize the profound impact of the Opioid epidemic. Such post-fact creation of the heat map provides only retrospective information, and as a result, may not be as useful for preventive action in the current or future time-frames. In this paper, we present a novel deep neural architecture, which learns subtle spatio-temporal variations in Opioid incidences data and accurately predicts future heat maps. We evaluated the efficacy of our model on two open source datasets- (i) The Cincinnati Heroin Overdose dataset, and (ii) Connecticut Drug Related Death Dataset. 
### 9.Backpropagation-Friendly Eigendecomposition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.09023.pdf)
>  Eigendecomposition (ED) is widely used in deep networks. However, the backpropagation of its results tends to be numerically unstable, whether using ED directly or approximating it with the Power Iteration method, particularly when dealing with large matrices. While this can be mitigated by partitioning the data in small and arbitrary groups, doing so has no theoretical basis and makes its impossible to exploit the power of ED to the full. In this paper, we introduce a numerically stable and differentiable approach to leveraging eigenvectors in deep networks. It can handle large matrices without requiring to split them. We demonstrate the better robustness of our approach over standard ED and PI for ZCA whitening, an alternative to batch normalization, and for PCA denoising, which we introduce as a new normalization strategy for deep networks, aiming to further denoise the network's features. 
### 10.Data-Efficient Learning for Sim-to-Real Robotic Grasping using Deep Point Cloud Prediction Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08989.pdf)
>  Training a deep network policy for robot manipulation is notoriously costly and time consuming as it depends on collecting a significant amount of real world data. To work well in the real world, the policy needs to see many instances of the task, including various object arrangements in the scene as well as variations in object geometry, texture, material, and environmental illumination. <br>In this paper, we propose a method that learns to perform table-top instance grasping of a wide variety of objects while using no real world grasping data, outperforming the baseline using 2.5D shape by 10%. Our method learns 3D point cloud of object, and use that to train a domain-invariant grasping policy. We formulate the learning process as a two-step procedure: 1) Learning a domain-invariant 3D shape representation of objects from about 76K episodes in simulation and about 530 episodes in the real world, where each episode lasts less than a minute and 2) Learning a critic grasping policy in simulation only based on the 3D shape representation from step 1. Our real world data collection in step 1 is both cheaper and faster compared to existing approaches as it only requires taking multiple snapshots of the scene using a RGBD camera. Finally, the learned 3D representation is not specific to grasping, and can potentially be used in other interaction tasks. 
### 11.A Fourier Perspective on Model Robustness in Computer Vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08988.pdf)
>  Achieving robustness to distributional shift is a longstanding and challenging goal of computer vision. Data augmentation is a commonly used approach for improving robustness, however robustness gains are typically not uniform across corruption types. Indeed increasing performance in the presence of random noise is often met with reduced performance on other corruptions such as contrast change. Understanding when and why these sorts of trade-offs occur is a crucial step towards mitigating them. Towards this end, we investigate recently observed trade-offs caused by Gaussian data augmentation and adversarial training. We find that both methods improve robustness to corruptions that are concentrated in the high frequency domain while reducing robustness to corruptions that are concentrated in the low frequency domain. This suggests that one way to mitigate these trade-offs via data augmentation is to use a more diverse set of augmentations. Towards this end we observe that AutoAugment, a recently proposed data augmentation policy optimized for clean accuracy, achieves state-of-the-art robustness on the CIFAR-10-C and ImageNet-C benchmarks. 
### 12.SGANVO: Unsupervised Deep Visual Odometry and Depth Estimation with Stacked Generative Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08889.pdf)
>  Recently end-to-end unsupervised deep learning methods have achieved an effect beyond geometric methods for visual depth and ego-motion estimation tasks. These data-based learning methods perform more robustly and accurately in some of the challenging scenes. The encoder-decoder network has been widely used in the depth estimation and the RCNN has brought significant improvements in the ego-motion estimation. Furthermore, the latest use of Generative Adversarial Nets(GANs) in depth and ego-motion estimation has demonstrated that the estimation could be further improved by generating pictures in the game learning process. This paper proposes a novel unsupervised network system for visual depth and ego-motion estimation: Stacked Generative Adversarial Network(SGANVO). It consists of a stack of GAN layers, of which the lowest layer estimates the depth and ego-motion while the higher layers estimate the spatial features. It can also capture the temporal dynamic due to the use of a recurrent representation across the layers. See Fig.1 for details. We select the most commonly used KITTI [1] data set for evaluation. The evaluation results show that our proposed method can produce better or comparable results in depth and ego-motion estimation. 
### 13.Informative Image Captioning with External Sources of Information  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08876.pdf)
>  An image caption should fluently present the essential information in a given image, including informative, fine-grained entity mentions and the manner in which these entities interact. However, current captioning models are usually trained to generate captions that only contain common object names, thus falling short on an important "informativeness" dimension. We present a mechanism for integrating image information together with fine-grained labels (assumed to be generated by some upstream models) into a caption that describes the image in a fluent and informative manner. We introduce a multimodal, multi-encoder model based on Transformer that ingests both image features and multiple sources of entity labels. We demonstrate that we can learn to control the appearance of these entity labels in the output, resulting in captions that are both fluent and informative. 
### 14.Synthesizing Images from Spatio-Temporal Representations using Spike-based Backpropagation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08861.pdf)
>  Spiking neural networks (SNNs) offer a promising alternative to current artificial neural networks to enable low-power event-driven neuromorphic hardware. Spike-based neuromorphic applications require processing and extracting meaningful information from spatio-temporal data, represented as series of spike trains over time. In this paper, we propose a method to synthesize images from multiple modalities in a spike-based environment. We use spiking auto-encoders to convert image and audio inputs into compact spatio-temporal representations that is then decoded for image synthesis. For this, we use a direct training algorithm that computes loss on the membrane potential of the output layer and back-propagates it by using a sigmoid approximation of the neuron's activation function to enable differentiability. The spiking autoencoders are benchmarked on MNIST and Fashion-MNIST and achieve very low reconstruction loss, comparable to ANNs. Then, spiking autoencoders are trained to learn meaningful spatio-temporal representations of the data, across the two modalities - audio and visual. We synthesize images from audio in a spike-based environment by first generating, and then utilizing such shared multi-modal spatio-temporal representations. Our audio to image synthesis model is tested on the task of converting TI-46 digits audio samples to MNIST images. We are able to synthesize images with high fidelity and the model achieves competitive performance against ANNs. 
### 15.Closing the Accuracy Gap in an Event-Based Visual Recognition Task  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08859.pdf)
>  Mobile and embedded applications require neural networks-based pattern recognition systems to perform well under a tight computational budget. In contrast to commonly used synchronous, frame-based vision systems and CNNs, asynchronous, spiking neural networks driven by event-based visual input respond with low latency to sparse, salient features in the input, leading to high efficiency at run-time. The discrete nature of the event-based data streams makes direct training of asynchronous neural networks challenging. This paper studies asynchronous spiking neural networks, obtained by conversion from a conventional CNN trained on frame-based data. As an example, we consider a CNN trained to steer a robot to follow a moving target. We identify possible pitfalls of the conversion and demonstrate how the proposed solutions bring the classification accuracy of the asynchronous network to only 3\% below the performance of the original synchronous CNN, while requiring 12x fewer computations. While being applied to a simple task, this work is an important step towards low-power, fast, and embedded neural networks-based vision solutions for robotic applications. 
### 16.Automated crater shape retrieval using weakly-supervised deep learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08826.pdf)
>  Crater shape determination is a complex and time consuming task that so far has evaded automation. We train a state of the art computer vision algorithm to identify craters on the moon and retrieve their sizes and shapes. The computational backbone of the model is MaskRCNN, an "instance segmentation" general framework that detects craters in an image while simultaneously producing a mask for each crater that traces its outer rim. Our post-processing pipeline then finds the closest fitting ellipse to these masks, allowing us to retrieve the crater ellipticities. Our model is able to correctly identify 87% of known craters in the holdout set, while predicting thousands of additional craters not present in our training data. Manual validation of a subset of these craters indicates that a majority of them are real, which we take as an indicator of the strength of our model in learning to identify craters, despite incomplete training data. The crater size, ellipticity, and depth distributions predicted by our model are consistent with human-generated results. The model allows us to perform a large scale search for differences in crater diameter and shape distributions between the lunar highlands and maria, and we exclude any such differences with a high statistical significance. 
