# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 13 Jun 2019
### 1.Presence-Only Geographical Priors for Fine-Grained Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05272.pdf)
>  Appearance information alone is often not sufficient to accurately differentiate between fine-grained visual categories. Human experts make use of additional cues such as where, and when, a given image was taken in order to inform their final decision. This contextual information is readily available in many online image collections but has been underutilized by existing image classifiers that focus solely on making predictions based on the image contents. <br>We propose an efficient spatio-temporal prior, that when conditioned on a geographical location and time, estimates the probability that a given object category occurs at that location. Our prior is trained from presence-only observation data and jointly models object categories, their spatio-temporal distributions, and photographer biases. Experiments performed on multiple challenging image classification datasets show that combining our prior with the predictions from image classifiers results in a large improvement in final classification performance. 
### 2.LAEO-Net: revisiting people Looking At Each Other in videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05261.pdf)
>  Capturing the `mutual gaze' of people is essential for understanding and interpreting the social interactions between them. To this end, this paper addresses the problem of detecting people Looking At Each Other (LAEO) in video sequences. For this purpose, we propose LAEO-Net, a new deep CNN for determining LAEO in videos. In contrast to previous works, LAEO-Net takes spatio-temporal tracks as input and reasons about the whole track. It consists of three branches, one for each character's tracked head and one for their relative position. Moreover, we introduce two new LAEO datasets: UCO-LAEO and AVA-LAEO. A thorough experimental evaluation demonstrates the ability of LAEONet to successfully determine if two people are LAEO and the temporal window where it happens. Our model achieves state-of-the-art results on the existing TVHID-LAEO video dataset, significantly outperforming previous approaches. Finally, we apply LAEO-Net to social network analysis, where we automatically infer the social relationship between pairs of people based on the frequency and duration that they LAEO. 
### 3.Compressed Sensing MRI via a Multi-scale Dilated Residual Convolution Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05251.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) reconstruction is an active inverse problem which can be addressed by conventional compressed sensing (CS) MRI algorithms that exploit the sparse nature of MRI in an iterative optimization-based manner. However, two main drawbacks of iterative optimization-based CSMRI methods are time-consuming and are limited in model capacity. Meanwhile, one main challenge for recent deep learning-based CSMRI is the trade-off between model performance and network size. To address the above issues, we develop a new multi-scale dilated network for MRI reconstruction with high speed and outstanding performance. Comparing to convolutional kernels with same receptive fields, dilated convolutions reduce network parameters with smaller kernels and expand receptive fields of kernels to obtain almost same information. To maintain the abundance of features, we present global and local residual learnings to extract more image edges and details. Then we utilize concatenation layers to fuse multi-scale features and residual learnings for better reconstruction. Compared with several non-deep and deep learning CSMRI algorithms, the proposed method yields better reconstruction accuracy and noticeable visual improvements. In addition, we perform the noisy setting to verify the model stability, and then extend the proposed model on a MRI super-resolution task. 
### 4.Handwritten Text Segmentation via End-to-End Learning of Convolutional Neural Network  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05229.pdf)
>  We present a new handwritten text segmentation method by training a convolutional neural network (CNN) in an end-to-end manner. Many conventional methods addressed this problem by extracting connected components and then classifying them. However, this two-step approach has limitations when handwritten components and machine-printed parts are overlapping. Unlike conventional methods, we develop an end-to-end deep CNN for this problem, which does not need any preprocessing steps. Since there is no publicly available dataset for this goal and pixel-wise annotations are time-consuming and costly, we also propose a data synthesis algorithm that generates realistic training samples. For training our network, we develop a cross-entropy based loss function that addresses the imbalance problems. Experimental results on synthetic and real images show the effectiveness of the proposed method. Specifically, the proposed network has been trained solely on synthetic images, nevertheless the removal of handwritten text in real documents improves OCR performance from 71.13% to 92.50%, showing the generalization performance of our network and synthesized images. 
### 5.Towards Real-Time Head Pose Estimation: Exploring Parameter-Reduced Residual Networks on In-the-wild Datasets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05203.pdf)
>  Head poses are a key component of human bodily communication and thus a decisive element of human-computer interaction. Real-time head pose estimation is crucial in the context of human-robot interaction or driver assistance systems. The most promising approaches for head pose estimation are based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). However, CNN models are often too complex to achieve real-time performance. To face this challenge, we explore a popular subgroup of CNNs, the Residual Networks (ResNets) and modify them in order to reduce their number of parameters. The ResNets are modifed for different image sizes including low-resolution images and combined with a varying number of layers. They are trained on in-the-wild datasets to ensure real-world applicability. As a result, we demonstrate that the performance of the ResNets can be maintained while reducing the number of parameters. The modified ResNets achieve state-of-the-art accuracy and provide fast inference for real-time applicability. 
### 6.Tackling Partial Domain Adaptation with Self-Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05199.pdf)
>  Domain adaptation approaches have shown promising results in reducing the marginal distribution difference among visual domains. They allow to train reliable models that work over datasets of different nature (photos, paintings etc), but they still struggle when the domains do not share an identical label space. In the partial domain adaptation setting, where the target covers only a subset of the source classes, it is challenging to reduce the domain gap without incurring in negative transfer. Many solutions just keep the standard domain adaptation techniques by adding heuristic sample weighting strategies. In this work we show how the self-supervisory signal obtained from the spatial co-location of patches can be used to define a side task that supports adaptation regardless of the exact label sharing condition across domains. We build over a recent work that introduced a jigsaw puzzle task for domain generalization: we describe how to reformulate this approach for partial domain adaptation and we show how it boosts existing adaptive solutions when combined with them. The obtained experimental results on three datasets supports the effectiveness of our approach. 
### 7.Vispi: Automatic Visual Perception and Interpretation of Chest X-rays  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05190.pdf)
>  Medical imaging contains the essential information for rendering diagnostic and treatment decisions. Inspecting (visual perception) and interpreting image to generate a report are tedious clinical routines for a radiologist where automation is expected to greatly reduce the workload. Despite rapid development of natural image captioning, computer-aided medical image visual perception and interpretation remain a challenging task, largely due to the lack of high-quality annotated image-report pairs and tailor-made generative models for sufficient extraction and exploitation of localized semantic features, particularly those associated with abnormalities. To tackle these challenges, we present Vispi, an automatic medical image interpretation system, which first annotates an image via classifying and localizing common thoracic diseases with visual support and then followed by report generation from an attentive LSTM model. Analyzing an open IU X-ray dataset, we demonstrate a superior performance of Vispi in disease classification, localization and report generation using automatic performance evaluation metrics ROUGE and CIDEr. 
### 8.Boosting Few-Shot Visual Learning with Self-Supervision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05186.pdf)
>  Few-shot learning and self-supervised learning address different facets of the same problem: how to train a model with little or no labeled data. Few-shot learning aims for optimization methods and models that can learn efficiently to recognize patterns in the low data regime. Self-supervised learning focuses instead on unlabeled data and looks into it for the supervisory signal to feed high capacity deep neural networks. In this work we exploit the complementarity of these two domains and propose an approach for improving few-shot learning through self-supervision. We use self-supervision as an auxiliary task in a few-shot learning pipeline, enabling feature extractors to learn richer and more transferable visual representations while still using few annotated samples. Through self-supervision, our approach can be naturally extended towards using diverse unlabeled data from other datasets in the few-shot setting. We report consistent improvements across an array of architectures, datasets and self-supervision techniques. 
### 9.Evaluation of Dataflow through layers of Deep Neural Networks in Classification and Regression Problems  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05156.pdf)
>  This paper introduces two straightforward, effective indices to evaluate the input data and the data flowing through layers of a feedforward deep neural network. For classification problems, the separation rate of target labels in the space of dataflow is explained as a key factor indicating the performance of designed layers in improving the generalization of the network. According to the explained concept, a shapeless distance-based evaluation index is proposed. Similarly, for regression problems, the smoothness rate of target outputs in the space of dataflow is explained as a key factor indicating the performance of designed layers in improving the generalization of the network. According to the explained smoothness concept, a shapeless distance-based smoothness index is proposed for regression problems. To consider more strictly concepts of separation and smoothness, their extended versions are introduced, and by interpreting a regression problem as a classification problem, it is shown that the separation and smoothness indices are related together. Through four case studies, the profits of using the introduced indices are shown. In the first case study, for classification and regression problems , the challenging of some known input datasets are compared respectively by the proposed separation and smoothness indices. In the second case study, the quality of dataflow is evaluated through layers of two pre-trained VGG 16 networks in classification of Cifar10 and Cifar100. In the third case study, it is shown that the correct classification rate and the separation index are almost equivalent through layers particularly while the serration index is increased. In the last case study, two multi-layer neural networks, which are designed for the prediction of Boston Housing price, are compared layer by layer by using the proposed smoothness index. 
### 10.Recognizing Manipulation Actions from State-Transformations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05147.pdf)
>  Manipulation actions transform objects from an initial state into a final state. In this paper, we report on the use of object state transitions as a mean for recognizing manipulation actions. Our method is inspired by the intuition that object states are visually more apparent than actions from a still frame and thus provide information that is complementary to spatio-temporal action recognition. We start by defining a state transition matrix that maps action labels into a pre-state and a post-state. From each keyframe, we learn appearance models of objects and their states. Manipulation actions can then be recognized from the state transition matrix. We report results on the EPIC kitchen action recognition challenge. 
### 11.High Accuracy Classification of White Blood Cells using TSLDA Classifier and Covariance Features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05131.pdf)
>  Creating automated processes in different areas of medical science with application of engineering tools is a highly growing field over recent decades. In this context, many medical image processing and analyzing researchers use worthwhile methods in artificial intelligence which can reduce necessary human power while increases accuracy of results. Among various medical images, blood microscopic images plays vital role in heart failure diagnosis e.g. blood cancers. Prominent component in blood cancer diagnosis is white blood cells (WBCs) which due to its general characteristics in microscopic images sometimes make difficulties in recognition and classification tasks such as non-uniform colors/illuminances, different shapes, sizes and textures. Moreover, overlapped WBCs in bone marrow images and neighboring to red blood cells are identified as reasons for errors in classification section. In this paper, we have endeavored to segment various parts in medical images via Naïve Bayes clustering method and in next stage via TSLDA classifier, which is supplied by features acquired from covariance descriptor results 98.02% accuracy. It seems that this result is delightful in WBCs recognition. 
### 12.LED2Net: Deep Illumination-aware Dehazing with Low-light and Detail Enhancement  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05119.pdf)
>  We present a novel dehazing and low-light enhancement method based on an illumination map that is accurately estimated by a convolutional neural network (CNN). In this paper, the illumination map is used as a component for three different tasks, namely, atmospheric light estimation, transmission map estimation, and low-light enhancement. To train CNNs for dehazing and low-light enhancement simultaneously based on the retinex theory, we synthesize numerous low-light and hazy images from normal hazy images from the FADE data set. In addition, we further improve the network using detail enhancement. Experimental results demonstrate that our method surpasses recent state-of-theart algorithms quantitatively and qualitatively. In particular, our haze-free images present vivid colors and enhance visibility without a halo effect or color distortion. 
### 13.Pose from Shape: Deep Pose Estimation for Arbitrary 3D Objects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05105.pdf)
>  Most deep pose estimation methods need to be trained for specific object instances or categories. In this work we propose a completely generic deep pose estimation approach, which does not require the network to have been trained on relevant categories, nor objects in a category to have a canonical pose. We believe this is a crucial step to design robotic systems that can interact with new objects in the wild not belonging to a predefined category. Our main insight is to dynamically condition pose estimation with a representation of the 3D shape of the target object. More precisely, we train a Convolutional Neural Network that takes as input both a test image and a 3D model, and outputs the relative 3D pose of the object in the input image with respect to the 3D model. We demonstrate that our method boosts performances for supervised category pose estimation on standard benchmarks, namely Pascal3D+, ObjectNet3D and Pix3D, on which we provide results superior to the state of the art. More importantly, we show that our network trained on everyday man-made objects from ShapeNet generalizes without any additional training to completely new types of 3D objects by providing results on the LINEMOD dataset as well as on natural entities such as animals from ImageNet. 
### 14.Different Approaches for Human Activity Recognition: A Survey  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05074.pdf)
>  Human activity recognition has gained importance in recent years due to its applications in various fields such as health, security and surveillance, entertainment, and intelligent environments. A significant amount of work has been done on human activity recognition and researchers have leveraged different approaches, such as wearable, object-tagged, and device-free, to recognize human activities. In this article, we present a comprehensive survey of the work conducted over the period 2010-2018 in various areas of human activity recognition with main focus on device-free solutions. The device-free approach is becoming very popular due to the fact that the subject is not required to carry anything, instead, the environment is tagged with devices to capture the required information. We propose a new taxonomy for categorizing the research work conducted in the field of activity recognition and divide the existing literature into three sub-areas: action-based, motion-based, and interaction-based. We further divide these areas into ten different sub-topics and present the latest research work in these sub-topics. Unlike previous surveys which focus only on one type of activities, to the best of our knowledge, we cover all the sub-areas in activity recognition and provide a comparison of the latest research work in these sub-areas. Specifically, we discuss the key attributes and design approaches for the work presented. Then we provide extensive analysis based on 10 important metrics, to give the reader, a complete overview of the state-of-the-art techniques and trends in different sub-areas of human activity recognition. In the end, we discuss open research issues and provide future research directions in the field of human activity recognition. 
### 15.Indoor image representation by high-level semantic features  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04987.pdf)
>  Indoor image features extraction is a fundamental problem in multiple fields such as image processing, pattern recognition, robotics and so on. Nevertheless, most of the existing feature extraction methods, which extract features based on pixels, color, shape/object parts or objects on images, suffer from limited capabilities in describing semantic information (e.g., object association). These techniques, therefore, involve undesired classification performance. To tackle this issue, we propose the notion of high-level semantic features and design four steps to extract them. Specifically, we first construct the objects pattern dictionary through extracting raw objects in the images, and then retrieve and extract semantic objects from the objects pattern dictionary. We finally extract our high-level semantic features based on the calculated probability and del parameter. Experiments on three publicly available datasets (MIT-67, Scene15 and NYU V1) show that our feature extraction approach outperforms state-of-the-art feature extraction methods for indoor image classification, given a lower dimension of our features than those methods. 
### 16.DeepSquare: Boosting the Learning Power of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks with Elementwise Square Operators  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04979.pdf)
>  Modern neural network modules which can significantly enhance the learning power usually add too much computational complexity to the original neural networks. In this paper, we pursue very efficient neural network modules which can significantly boost the learning power of deep convolutional neural networks with negligible extra computational cost. We first present both theoretically and experimentally that elementwise square operator has a potential to enhance the learning power of neural networks. Then, we design four types of lightweight modules with elementwise square operators, named as Square-Pooling, Square-Softmin, Square-Excitation, and Square-Encoding. We add our four lightweight modules to Resnet18, Resnet50, and ShuffleNetV2 for better performance in the experiment on ImageNet 2012 dataset. The experimental results show that our modules can bring significant accuracy improvements to the base convolutional neural network models. The performance of our lightweight modules is even comparable to many complicated modules such as bilinear pooling, Squeeze-and-Excitation, and Gather-Excite. Our highly efficient modules are particularly suitable for mobile models. For example, when equipped with a single Square-Pooling module, the top-1 classification accuracy of ShuffleNetV2-0.5x on ImageNet 2012 is absolutely improved by 1.45% with no additional parameters and negligible inference time overhead. 
### 17.CDPM: Convolutional Deformable Part Models for Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04976.pdf)
>  Part-level representations are essential for robust person re-identification. Due to errors in pedestrian detection, there are usually severe mis-alignment problems for body parts, which degrade the quality of part representations. To handle this problem, we propose a novel model named Convolutional Deformable Part Models (CDPM). CDPM works by decoupling the complex part alignment procedure into two easier steps. First, a vertical alignment step detects each part in the vertical direction with the help of a multi-task learning model. Second, a horizontal refinement step based on self-attention suppresses the background information around each detected body part. Since the two steps are performed orthogonally and sequentially, the difficulty of part alignment is significantly reduced. In the testing stage, CDPM is able to accurately align flexible body parts without the need of any outside information. Extensive experimental results justify the effectiveness of CDPM for part alignment. Most impressively, CDPM achieves state-of-the-art performance on three large-scale datasets: Market-1501, DukeMTMC-ReID,and CUHK03. 
### 18.Synthesizing Diverse Lung Nodules Wherever Massively: 3D Multi-Conditional GAN-based CT Image Augmentation for Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04962.pdf)
>  Accurate computer-assisted diagnosis, relying on large-scale annotated pathological images, can alleviate the risk of overlooking the diagnosis. Unfortunately, in medical imaging, most available datasets are small/fragmented. To tackle this, as a Data Augmentation (DA) method, 3D conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) can synthesize desired realistic/diverse 3D images as additional training data. However, no 3D conditional GAN-based DA approach exists for general bounding box-based 3D object detection, while it can locate disease areas with physicians' minimum annotation cost, unlike rigorous 3D segmentation. Moreover, since lesions vary in position/size/attenuation, further GAN-based DA performance requires multiple conditions. Therefore, we propose 3D Multi-Conditional GAN (MCGAN) to generate realistic/diverse 32 x 32 x 32 nodules placed naturally on lung Computed Tomography images to boost sensitivity in 3D object detection. Our MCGAN adopts two discriminators for conditioning: the context discriminator learns to classify real vs synthetic nodule/surrounding pairs with noise box-centered surroundings; the nodule discriminator attempts to classify real vs synthetic nodules with size/attenuation conditions. The results show that 3D Convolutional Neural Network-based detection can achieve higher sensitivity under any nodule size/attenuation at fixed False Positive rates and overcome the medical data paucity with the MCGAN-generated realistic nodules---even expert physicians fail to distinguish them from the real ones in Visual Turing Test. 
### 19.Hand Orientation Estimation in Probability Density Form  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04952.pdf)
>  Hand orientation is an essential feature required to understand hand behaviors and subsequently support human activities. In this paper, we present a new method for estimating hand orientation in probability density form. It can solve the cyclicity problem in direct angular representation and enables the integration of multiple predictions based on different features. We validated the performance of the proposed method and an integration example using our dataset, which captured cooperative group work. 
### 20.Pay Attention to Convolution Filters: Towards Fast and Accurate Fine-Grained Transfer Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04950.pdf)
>  We propose an efficient transfer learning method for adapting ImageNet pre-trained Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to fine-grained image classification task. Conventional transfer learning methods typically face the trade-off between training time and accuracy. By adding "attention module" to each convolutional filters of the pre-trained network, we are able to rank and adjust the importance of each convolutional signal in an end-to-end pipeline. In this report, we show our method can adapt a pre-trianed ResNet50 for a fine-grained transfer learning task within few epochs and achieve accuracy above conventional transfer learning methods and close to models trained from scratch. Our model also offer interpretable result because the rank of the convolutional signal shows which convolution channels are utilized and amplified to achieve better classification result, as well as which signal should be treated as noise for the specific transfer learning task, which could be pruned to lower model size. 
### 21.Semi-Supervised Exploration in Image Retrieval  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04944.pdf)
>  We present our solution to Landmark Image Retrieval Challenge 2019. This challenge was based on the large Google Landmarks Dataset V2[9]. The goal was to retrieve all database images containing the same landmark for every provided query image. Our solution is a combination of global and local models to form an initial KNN graph. We then use a novel extension of the recently proposed graph traversal method EGT [1] referred to as semi-supervised EGT to refine the graph and retrieve better candidates. 
### 22.Recurrent U-Net for Resource-Constrained Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04913.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art segmentation methods rely on very deep networks that are not always easy to train without very large training datasets and tend to be relatively slow to run on standard GPUs. In this paper, we introduce a novel recurrent U-Net architecture that preserves the compactness of the original U-Net, while substantially increasing its performance to the point where it outperforms the state of the art on several benchmarks. We will demonstrate its effectiveness for several tasks, including hand segmentation, retina vessel segmentation, and road segmentation. We also introduce a large-scale dataset for hand segmentation. 
### 23.Inferring 3D Shapes from Image Collections using Adversarial Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04910.pdf)
>  We investigate the problem of learning a probabilistic distribution over three-dimensional shapes given two-dimensional views of multiple objects taken from unknown viewpoints. Our approach called projective generative adversarial network (PrGAN) trains a deep generative model of 3D shapes whose projections (or renderings) match the distributions of the provided 2D distribution. The addition of a differentiable projection module allows us to infer the underlying 3D shape distribution without access to any explicit 3D or viewpoint annotation during the learning phase. We show that our approach produces 3D shapes of comparable quality to GANs trained directly on 3D data. %for a number of shape categoriesincluding chairs, airplanes, and cars. Experiments also show that the disentangled representation of 2D shapes into geometry and viewpoint leads to a good generative model of 2D shapes. The key advantage of our model is that it estimates 3D shape, viewpoint, and generates novel views from an input image in a completely unsupervised manner. We further investigate how the generative models can be improved if additional information such as depth, viewpoint or part segmentations is available at training time. To this end, we present new differentiable projection operators that can be used by PrGAN to learn better 3D generative models. Our experiments show that our method can successfully leverage extra visual cues to create more diverse and accurate shapes. 
### 24.All-Weather Deep Outdoor Lighting Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04909.pdf)
>  We present a neural network that predicts HDR outdoor illumination from a single LDR image. At the heart of our work is a method to accurately learn HDR lighting from LDR panoramas under any weather condition. We achieve this by training another CNN (on a combination of synthetic and real images) to take as input an LDR panorama, and regress the parameters of the Lalonde-Matthews outdoor illumination model. This model is trained such that it a) reconstructs the appearance of the sky, and b) renders the appearance of objects lit by this illumination. We use this network to label a large-scale dataset of LDR panoramas with lighting parameters and use them to train our single image outdoor lighting estimation network. We demonstrate, via extensive experiments, that both our panorama and single image networks outperform the state of the art, and unlike prior work, are able to handle weather conditions ranging from fully sunny to overcast skies. 
### 25.Compressive Hyperspherical Energy Minimization  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04892.pdf)
>  Recent work on minimum hyperspherical energy (MHE) has demonstrated its potential in regularizing neural networks and improving their generalization. MHE was inspired by the Thomson problem in physics, where the distribution of multiple propelling electrons on a unit sphere can be modeled via minimizing some potential energy. Despite the practical effectiveness, MHE suffers from local minima as their number increases dramatically in high dimensions, limiting MHE from unleashing its full potential in improving network generalization. To address this issue, we propose compressive minimum hyperspherical energy (CoMHE) as an alternative regularization for neural networks. Specifically, CoMHE utilizes a projection mapping to reduce the dimensionality of neurons and minimizes their hyperspherical energy. According to different constructions for the projection matrix, we propose two major variants: random projection CoMHE and angle-preserving CoMHE. Furthermore, we provide theoretical insights to justify its effectiveness. We show that CoMHE consistently outperforms MHE by a significant margin in comprehensive experiments, and demonstrate its diverse applications to a variety of tasks such as image recognition and point cloud recognition. 
### 26.Visual Relationships as Functions: Enabling Few-Shot Scene Graph Prediction  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04876.pdf)
>  Scene graph prediction --- classifying the set of objects and predicates in a visual scene --- requires substantial training data. The long-tailed distribution of relationships can be an obstacle for such approaches, however, as they can only be trained on the small set of predicates that carry sufficient labels. We introduce the first scene graph prediction model that supports few-shot learning of predicates, enabling scene graph approaches to generalize to a set of new predicates. First, we introduce a new model of predicates as functions that operate on object features or image locations. Next, we define a scene graph model where these functions are trained as message passing protocols within a new graph convolution framework. We train the framework with a frequently occurring set of predicates and show that our approach outperforms those that use the same amount of supervision by 1.78 at recall@50 and performs on par with other scene graph models. Next, we extract object representations generated by the trained predicate functions to train few-shot predicate classifiers on rare predicates with as few as 1 labeled example. When compared to strong baselines like transfer learning from existing state-of-the-art representations, we show improved 5-shot performance by 4.16 recall@1. Finally, we show that our predicate functions generate interpretable visualizations, enabling the first interpretable scene graph model. 
### 27.Task-Aware Deep Sampling for Feature Generation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04854.pdf)
>  The human ability to imagine the variety of appearances of novel objects based on past experience is crucial for quickly learning novel visual concepts based on few examples. Endowing machines with a similar ability to generate feature distributions for new visual concepts is key to sample-efficient model generalization. In this work, we propose a novel generator architecture suitable for feature generation in the zero-shot setting. We introduce task-aware deep sampling (TDS) which injects task-aware noise layer-by-layer in the generator, in contrast to existing shallow sampling (SS) schemes where random noise is only sampled once at the input layer of the generator. We propose a sample efficient learning model composed of a TDS generator, a discriminator and a classifier (e.g., a soft-max classifier). We find that our model achieves state-of-the-art results on the compositional zero-shot learning benchmarks as well as improving upon the established benchmarks in conventional zero-shot learning with a faster convergence rate. 
### 28.Edge-Direct Visual Odometry  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04838.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose an edge-direct visual odometry algorithm that efficiently utilizes edge pixels to find the relative pose that minimizes the photometric error between images. Prior work on exploiting edge pixels instead treats edges as features and employ various techniques to match edge lines or pixels, which adds unnecessary complexity. Direct methods typically operate on all pixel intensities, which proves to be highly redundant. In contrast our method builds on direct visual odometry methods naturally with minimal added computation. It is not only more efficient than direct dense methods since we iterate with a fraction of the pixels, but also more accurate. We achieve high accuracy and efficiency by extracting edges from only one image, and utilize robust Gauss-Newton to minimize the photometric error of these edge pixels. This simultaneously finds the edge pixels in the reference image, as well as the relative camera pose that minimizes the photometric error. We test various edge detectors, including learned edges, and determine that the optimal edge detector for this method is the Canny edge detection algorithm using automatic thresholding. We highlight key differences between our edge direct method and direct dense methods, in particular how higher levels of image pyramids can lead to significant aliasing effects and result in incorrect solution convergence. We show experimentally that reducing the photometric error of edge pixels also reduces the photometric error of all pixels, and we show through an ablation study the increase in accuracy obtained by optimizing edge pixels only. We evaluate our method on the RGB-D TUM benchmark on which we achieve state-of-the-art performance. 
### 29.Weakly-supervised Compositional FeatureAggregation for Few-shot Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04833.pdf)
>  Learning from a few examples is a challenging task for machine learning. While recent progress has been made for this problem, most of the existing methods ignore the compositionality in visual concept representation (e.g. objects are built from parts or composed of semantic attributes), which is key to the human ability to easily learn from a small number of examples. To enhance the few-shot learning models with compositionality, in this paper we present the simple yet powerful Compositional Feature Aggregation (CFA) module as a weakly-supervised regularization for deep networks. Given the deep feature maps extracted from the input, our CFA module first disentangles the feature space into disjoint semantic subspaces that model different attributes, and then bilinearly aggregates the local features within each of these subspaces. CFA explicitly regularizes the representation with both semantic and spatial compositionality to produce discriminative representations for few-shot recognition tasks. Moreover, our method does not need any supervision for attributes and object parts during training, thus can be conveniently plugged into existing models for end-to-end optimization while keeping the model size and computation cost nearly the same. Extensive experiments on few-shot image classification and action recognition tasks demonstrate that our method provides substantial improvements over recent state-of-the-art methods. 
### 30.Suppressing Model Overfitting for Image Super-Resolution Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04809.pdf)
>  Large deep networks have demonstrated competitive performance in single image super-resolution (SISR), with a huge volume of data involved. However, in real-world scenarios, due to the limited accessible training pairs, large models exhibit undesirable behaviors such as overfitting and memorization. To suppress model overfitting and further enjoy the merits of large model capacity, we thoroughly investigate generic approaches for supplying additional training data pairs. In particular, we introduce a simple learning principle MixUp to train networks on interpolations of sample pairs, which encourages networks to support linear behavior in-between training samples. In addition, we propose a data synthesis method with learned degradation, enabling models to use extra high-quality images with higher content diversity. This strategy proves to be successful in reducing biases of data. By combining these components -- MixUp and synthetic training data, large models can be trained without overfitting under very limited data samples and achieve satisfactory generalization performance. Our method won the second place in NTIRE2019 Real SR Challenge. 
### 31.Differential Imaging Forensics  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05268.pdf)
>  We introduce some new forensics based on differential imaging, where a novel category of visual evidence created via subtle interactions of light with a scene, such as dim reflections, can be computationally extracted and amplified from an image of interest through a comparative analysis with an additional reference baseline image acquired under similar conditions. This paradigm of differential imaging forensics (DIF) enables forensic examiners for the first time to retrieve the said visual evidence that is readily available in an image or video footage but would otherwise remain faint or even invisible to a human observer. We demonstrate the relevance and effectiveness of our approach through practical experiments. We also show that DIF provides a novel method for detecting forged images and video clips, including deep fakes. 
### 32.Continual and Multi-Task Architecture Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05226.pdf)
>  Architecture search is the process of automatically learning the neural model or cell structure that best suits the given task. Recently, this approach has shown promising performance improvements (on language modeling and image classification) with reasonable training speed, using a weight sharing strategy called Efficient Neural Architecture Search (ENAS). In our work, we first introduce a novel continual architecture search (CAS) approach, so as to continually evolve the model parameters during the sequential training of several tasks, without losing performance on previously learned tasks (via block-sparsity and orthogonality constraints), thus enabling life-long learning. Next, we explore a multi-task architecture search (MAS) approach over ENAS for finding a unified, single cell structure that performs well across multiple tasks (via joint controller rewards), and hence allows more generalizable transfer of the cell structure knowledge to an unseen new task. We empirically show the effectiveness of our sequential continual learning and parallel multi-task learning based architecture search approaches on diverse sentence-pair classification tasks (GLUE) and multimodal-generation based video captioning tasks. Further, we present several ablations and analyses on the learned cell structures. 
### 33.Manifold Graph with Learned Prototypes for Semi-Supervised Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05202.pdf)
>  Recent advances in semi-supervised learning methods rely on estimating categories for unlabeled data using a model trained on the labeled data (pseudo-labeling) and using the unlabeled data for various consistency-based regularization. In this work, we propose to additionally explicitly leverage the structure of the data manifold based on a Manifold Graph constructed over the image instances within the feature space. Specifically, we propose an architecture based on graph networks that jointly optimizes feature extraction, graph connectivity, and feature propagation and aggregation to unlabeled data in an end-to-end manner. Further, we present a novel Prototype Generator for producing a diverse set of prototypes that compactly represent each category, which supports feature propagation. To evaluate our method, we first contribute a strong baseline that combines two consistency-based regularizers that already achieves state of art results especially with fewer labels. We then show that when combined with these losses, the proposed method facilitates the propagation of information from generated prototypes to image data to further improve results. We provide extensive qualitative and quantitative experimental results on semi-supervised benchmarks demonstrating the improvements arising from our design and show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance when compared with existing methods using a single model and comparable with ensemble methods. Specifically, we achieve error rates of 3.35% on SVHN, 8.27% on CIFAR-10, and 33.97 on CIFAR-100. With much fewer labels, we surpass the state of art by significant margins, with 39% relative error decrease on average. 
### 34.Stereoscopic Omnidirectional Image Quality Assessment Based on Predictive Coding Theory  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05165.pdf)
>  Objective quality assessment of stereoscopic omnidirectional images is a challenging problem since it is influenced by multiple aspects such as projection deformation, field of view (FoV) range, binocular vision, visual comfort, etc. Existing studies show that classic 2D or 3D image quality assessment (IQA) metrics are not able to perform well for stereoscopic omnidirectional images. However, very few research works have focused on evaluating the perceptual visual quality of omnidirectional images, especially for stereoscopic omnidirectional images. In this paper, based on the predictive coding theory of the human vision system (HVS), we propose a stereoscopic omnidirectional image quality evaluator (SOIQE) to cope with the characteristics of 3D 360-degree images. Two modules are involved in SOIQE: predictive coding theory based binocular rivalry module and multi-view fusion module. In the binocular rivalry module, we introduce predictive coding theory to simulate the competition between high-level patterns and calculate the similarity and rivalry dominance to obtain the quality scores of viewport images. Moreover, we develop the multi-view fusion module to aggregate the quality scores of viewport images with the help of both content weight and location weight. The proposed SOIQE is a parametric model without necessary of regression learning, which ensures its interpretability and generalization performance. Experimental results on our published stereoscopic omnidirectional image quality assessment database (SOLID) demonstrate that our proposed SOIQE method outperforms state-of-the-art metrics. Furthermore, we also verify the effectiveness of each proposed module on both public stereoscopic image datasets and panoramic image datasets. 
### 35.eSLAM: An Energy-Efficient Accelerator for Real-Time ORB-SLAM on FPGA Platform  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05096.pdf)
>  Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) is a critical task for autonomous navigation. However, due to the computational complexity of SLAM algorithms, it is very difficult to achieve real-time implementation on low-power platforms.We propose an energy efficient architecture for real-time ORB (Oriented-FAST and Rotated- BRIEF) based visual SLAM system by accelerating the most time consuming stages of feature extraction and matching on FPGA platform.Moreover, the original ORB descriptor pattern is reformed as a rotational symmetric manner which is much more hardware friendly. Optimizations including rescheduling and parallelizing are further utilized to improve the throughput and reduce the memory footprint. Compared with Intel i7 and ARM Cortex-A9 CPUs on TUM dataset, our FPGA realization achieves up to 3X and 31X frame rate improvement, as well as up to 71X and 25X energy efficiency improvement, respectively. 
### 36.Non-Parametric Calibration for Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04933.pdf)
>  Many applications for classification methods not only require high accuracy but also reliable estimation of predictive uncertainty. However, while many current classification frameworks, in particular deep neural network architectures, provide very good results in terms of accuracy, they tend to underestimate their predictive uncertainty. In this paper, we propose a method that corrects the confidence output of a general classifier such that it approaches the true probability of classifying correctly. This classifier calibration is, in contrast to existing approaches, based on a non-parametric representation using a latent Gaussian process and specifically designed for multi-class classification. It can be applied to any classification method that outputs confidence estimates and is not limited to neural networks. We also provide a theoretical analysis regarding the over- and underconfidence of a classifier and its relationship to calibration. In experiments we show the universally strong performance of our method across different classifiers and benchmark data sets in contrast to existing classifier calibration techniques. 
### 37.Adaptive Navigation Scheme for Optimal Deep-Sea Localization Using Multimodal Perception Cues  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04888.pdf)
>  Underwater robot interventions require a high level of safety and reliability. A major challenge to address is a robust and accurate acquisition of localization estimates, as it is a prerequisite to enable more complex tasks, e.g. floating manipulation and mapping. State-of-the-art navigation in commercial operations, such as oil &amp; gas production (OGP), rely on costly instrumentation. These can be partially replaced or assisted by visual navigation methods, especially in deep-sea scenarios where equipment deployment has high costs and risks. Our work presents a multimodal approach that adapts state-of-the-art methods from on-land robotics, i.e., dense point cloud generation in combination with plane representation and registration, to boost underwater localization performance. A two-stage navigation scheme is proposed that initially generates a coarse probabilistic map of the workspace, which is used to filter noise from computed point clouds and planes in the second stage. Furthermore, an adaptive decision-making approach is introduced that determines which perception cues to incorporate into the localization filter to optimize accuracy and computation performance. Our approach is investigated first in simulation and then validated with data from field trials in OGP monitoring and maintenance scenarios. 
### 38.Using Small Proxy Datasets to Accelerate Hyperparameter Search  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04887.pdf)
>  One of the biggest bottlenecks in a machine learning workflow is waiting for models to train. Depending on the available computing resources, it can take days to weeks to train a neural network on a large dataset with many classes such as ImageNet. For researchers experimenting with new algorithmic approaches, this is impractically time consuming and costly. We aim to generate smaller "proxy datasets" where experiments are cheaper to run but results are highly correlated with experimental results on the full dataset. We generate these proxy datasets using by randomly sampling from examples or classes, training on only the easiest or hardest examples and training on synthetic examples generated by "data distillation". We compare these techniques to the more widely used baseline of training on the full dataset for fewer epochs. For each proxying strategy, we estimate three measures of "proxy quality": how much of the variance in experimental results on the full dataset can be explained by experimental results on the proxy dataset. <br>Experiments on Imagenette and Imagewoof (Howard, 2019) show that running hyperparameter search on the easiest 10% of examples explains 81% of the variance in experiment results on the target task, and using the easiest 50% of examples can explain 95% of the variance, significantly more than training on all the data for fewer epochs, a more widely used baseline. These "easy" proxies are higher quality than training on the full dataset for a reduced number of epochs (but equivalent computational cost), and, unexpectedly, higher quality than proxies constructed from the hardest examples. Without access to a trained model, researchers can improve proxy quality by restricting the subset to fewer classes; proxies built on half the classes are higher quality than those with an equivalent number of examples spread across all classes. 
### 39.Joint 3D Localization and Classification of Space Debris using a Multispectral Rotating Point Spread Function  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04749.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of joint three-dimensional (3D) localization and material classification of unresolved space debris using a multispectral rotating point spread function (RPSF). The use of RPSF allows one to estimate the 3D locations of point sources from their rotated images acquired by a single 2D sensor array, since the amount of rotation of each source image about its x, y location depends on its axial distance z. Using multi-spectral images, with one RPSF per spectral band, we are able not only to localize the 3D positions of the space debris but also classify their material composition. We propose a three-stage method for achieving joint localization and classification. In Stage 1, we adopt an optimization scheme for localization in which the spectral signature of each material is assumed to be uniform, which significantly improves efficiency and yields better localization results than possible with a single spectral band. In Stage 2, we estimate the spectral signature and refine the localization result via an alternating approach. We process classification in the final stage. Both Poisson noise and Gaussian noise models are considered, and the implementation of each is discussed. Numerical tests using multispectral data from NASA show the efficiency of our three-stage approach and illustrate the improvement of point source localization and spectral classification from using multiple bands over a single band. 
