# ArXiv cs.CV --Fri, 21 Jun 2019
### 1.Human \textit{vs} Machine Attention in Neural Networks: A Comparative Study  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08764.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed a surge in the popularity of attention mechanisms encoded within deep neural networks. Inspired by the selective attention in the visual cortex, artificial attention is designed to focus a neural network on the most task-relevant input signal. Many works claim that the attention mechanism offers an extra dimension of interpretability by explaining where the neural networks look. However, recent studies demonstrate that artificial attention maps do not always coincide with common intuition. In view of these conflicting evidences, here we make a systematic study on using artificial attention and human attention in neural network design. With three example computer vision tasks (i.e., salient object segmentation, video action recognition, and fine-grained image classification), diverse representative network backbones (i.e., AlexNet, VGGNet, ResNet) and famous architectures (i.e., Two-stream, FCN), corresponding real human gaze data, and systematically conducted large-scale quantitative studies, we offer novel insights into existing artificial attention mechanisms and give preliminary answers to several key questions related to human and artificial attention mechanisms. Our overall results demonstrate that human attention is capable of bench-marking the meaningful `ground-truth' in attention-driven tasks, where the more the artificial attention is close to the human attention, the better the performance; for higher-level vision tasks, it is case-by-case. We believe it would be advisable for attention-driven tasks to explicitly force a better alignment between artificial and human attentions to boost the performance; such alignment would also benefit making the deep networks more transparent and explainable for higher-level computer vision tasks. 
### 2.Algorithmic Guarantees for Inverse Imaging with Untrained Network Priors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08763.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks as image priors have been recently introduced for problems such as denoising, super-resolution and inpainting with promising performance gains over hand-crafted image priors such as sparsity and low-rank. Unlike learned generative priors they do not require any training over large datasets. However, few theoretical guarantees exist in the scope of using untrained network priors for inverse imaging problems. We explore new applications and theory for untrained network priors. Specifically, we consider the problem of solving linear inverse problems, such as compressive sensing, as well as non-linear problems, such as compressive phase retrieval. We model images to lie in the range of an untrained deep generative network with a fixed seed. We further present a projected gradient descent scheme that can be used for both compressive sensing and phase retrieval and provide rigorous theoretical guarantees for its convergence. We also show both theoretically as well as empirically that with deep network priors, one can achieve better compression rates for the same image quality compared to hand crafted priors. 
### 3.Let's Take This Online: Adapting Scene Coordinate Regression Network Predictions for Online RGB-D Camera Relocalisation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08744.pdf)
>  Many applications require a camera to be relocalised online, without expensive offline training on the target scene. Whilst both keyframe and sparse keypoint matching methods can be used online, the former often fail away from the training trajectory, and the latter can struggle in textureless regions. By contrast, scene coordinate regression (SCoRe) methods generalise to novel poses and can leverage dense correspondences to improve robustness, and recent work has shown how to adapt SCoRe forests between scenes, allowing their state-of-the-art performance to be leveraged online. However, because they use features hand-crafted for indoor use, they do not generalise well to harder outdoor scenes. Whilst replacing the forest with a neural network and learning suitable features for outdoor use is possible, the techniques used to adapt forests between scenes are unfortunately harder to transfer to a network context. In this paper, we address this by proposing a novel way of leveraging a network trained on one scene to predict points in another scene. Our approach replaces the appearance clustering performed by the branching structure of a regression forest with a two-step process that first uses the network to predict points in the original scene, and then uses these predicted points to look up clusters of points from the new scene. We show experimentally that our online approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on both the 7-Scenes and Cambridge Landmarks datasets, whilst running in under 300ms, making it highly effective in live scenarios. 
### 4.Deep-Learning-Based Aerial Image Classification for Emergency Response Applications Using Unmanned Aerial Vehicles  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08716.pdf)
>  Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs), equipped with camera sensors can facilitate enhanced situational awareness for many emergency response and disaster management applications since they are capable of operating in remote and difficult to access areas. In addition, by utilizing an embedded platform and deep learning UAVs can autonomously monitor a disaster stricken area, analyze the image in real-time and alert in the presence of various calamities such as collapsed buildings, flood, or fire in order to faster mitigate their effects on the environment and on human population. To this end, this paper focuses on the automated aerial scene classification of disaster events from on-board a UAV. Specifically, a dedicated Aerial Image Database for Emergency Response (AIDER) applications is introduced and a comparative analysis of existing approaches is performed. Through this analysis a lightweight convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture is developed, capable of running efficiently on an embedded platform achieving ~3x higher performance compared to existing models with minimal memory requirements with less than 2% accuracy drop compared to the state-of-the-art. These preliminary results provide a solid basis for further experimentation towards real-time aerial image classification for emergency response applications using UAVs. 
### 5.Homogeneous Vector Capsules Enable Adaptive Gradient Descent in Convolutional Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08676.pdf)
>  Capsules are the name given by Geoffrey Hinton to vector-valued neurons. Neural networks traditionally produce a scalar value for an activated neuron. Capsules, on the other hand, produce a vector of values, which Hinton argues correspond to a single, composite feature wherein the values of the components of the vectors indicate properties of the feature such as transformation or contrast. We present a new way of parameterizing and training capsules that we refer to as homogeneous vector capsules (HVCs). We demonstrate, experimentally, that altering a convolutional neural network (CNN) to use HVCs can achieve superior classification accuracy without increasing the number of parameters or operations in its architecture as compared to a CNN using a single final fully connected layer. Additionally, the introduction of HVCs enables the use of adaptive gradient descent, reducing the dependence a model's achievable accuracy has on the finely tuned hyperparameters of a non-adaptive optimizer. We demonstrate our method and results using two neural network architectures. First, a very simple monolithic CNN that when using HVCs achieved a 63% improvement in top-1 classification accuracy and a 35% improvement in top-5 classification accuracy over the baseline architecture. Second, with the CNN architecture referred to as Inception v3 that achieved similar accuracies both with and without HVCs. Additionally, the simple monolithic CNN when using HVCs showed no overfitting after more than 300 epochs whereas the baseline showed overfitting after 30 epochs. We use the ImageNet ILSVRC 2012 classification challenge dataset with both networks. 
### 6.Performance Evaluation Methodology for Long-Term Visual Object Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08675.pdf)
>  A long-term visual object tracking performance evaluation methodology and a benchmark are proposed. Performance measures are designed by following a long-term tracking definition to maximize the analysis probing strength. The new measures outperform existing ones in interpretation potential and in better distinguishing between different tracking behaviors. We show that these measures generalize the short-term performance measures, thus linking the two tracking problems. Furthermore, the new measures are highly robust to temporal annotation sparsity and allow annotation of sequences hundreds of times longer than in the current datasets without increasing manual annotation labor. A new challenging dataset of carefully selected sequences with many target disappearances is proposed. A new tracking taxonomy is proposed to position trackers on the short-term/long-term spectrum. The benchmark contains an extensive evaluation of the largest number of long-term tackers and comparison to state-of-the-art short-term trackers. We analyze the influence of tracking architecture implementations to long-term performance and explore various re-detection strategies as well as influence of visual model update strategies to long-term tracking drift. The methodology is integrated in the VOT toolkit to automate experimental analysis and benchmarking and to facilitate future development of long-term trackers. 
### 7.3D Instance Segmentation via Multi-task Metric Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08650.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for instance label segmentation of dense 3D voxel grids. We target volumetric scene representations which have been acquired with depth sensors or multi-view stereo methods and which have been processed with semantic 3D reconstruction or scene completion methods. The main task is to learn shape information about individual object instances in order to accurately separate them, including connected and incompletely scanned objects. We solve the 3D instance-labeling problem with a multi-task learning strategy. The first goal is to learn an abstract feature embedding which groups voxels with the same instance label close to each other while separating clusters with different instance labels from each other. The second goal is to learn instance information by estimating directional information of the instances' centers of mass densely for each voxel. This is particularly useful to find instance boundaries in the clustering post-processing step, as well as for scoring the quality of segmentations for the first goal. Both synthetic and real-world experiments demonstrate the viability of our approach. Our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on the ScanNet 3D instance segmentation benchmark. 
### 8.Learning Generalized Transformation Equivariant Representations via Autoencoding Transformations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08628.pdf)
>  Learning Transformation Equivariant Representations (TERs) seeks to capture the intrinsic visual structures of images through the representations that equivary to the applied transformations. It assumes that a transformation should be decoded from expressive representations of images before and after transformations. It greatly expands the scope of {\em translation} equivariance pinpointing the success of the Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to develop a generic class of {\em transformation} equivariant representations. Unlike group equivariant convolutions that are limited to discrete transformations or linear transformation equivariance, we present a more flexible and tractable AutoEncoding Transformation (AET) model that can handle various types of transformations. Both deterministic AET and probabilistic Autoencoding Variational Transformations (AVT) models are presented. While the former trains transformation equivariant representations by directly reconstructing applied transformations, the latter is trained by maximizing the joint mutual information between the representations and the transformations. It leads to the Generalized TERs (GTERs) that could equivary against transformations in a more general manner by enabling them to capture more complex patterns of transformed visual structures beyond the linear TERs of a transformation group. We will further show that the presented approach can be extended to (semi-)supervised models by jointly maximizing the mutual information in the learned representations about the input labels and transformations. Experiment results following the standard evaluation protocols demonstrate the superior performances of the proposed models to the existing state-of-the-art unsupervised and (semi-)supervised approaches in literature. 
### 9.BGrowth: an efficient approach for the segmentation of vertebral compression fractures in magnetic resonance imaging  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08620.pdf)
>  Segmentation of medical images is a critical issue: several process of analysis and classification rely on this segmentation. With the growing number of people presenting back pain and problems related to it, the automatic or semi-automatic segmentation of fractured vertebral bodies became a challenging task. In general, those fractures present several regions with non-homogeneous intensities and the dark regions are quite similar to the structures nearby. Aimed at overriding this challenge, in this paper we present a semi-automatic segmentation method, called Balanced Growth (BGrowth). The experimental results on a dataset with 102 crushed and 89 normal vertebrae show that our approach significantly outperforms well-known methods from the literature. We have achieved an accuracy up to 95% while keeping acceptable processing time performance, that is equivalent to the state-of-the-artmethods. Moreover, BGrowth presents the best results even with a rough (sloppy) manual annotation (seed points). 
### 10.Companion Surface of Danger Cylinder and its Role in Solution Variation of P3P Problem  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08598.pdf)
>  Traditionally the danger cylinder is intimately related to the solution stability in P3P problem. In this work, we show that the danger cylinder is also closely related to the multiple-solution phenomenon. More specifically, we show when the optical center lies on the danger cylinder, of the 3 possible P3P solutions, i.e., one double solution, and two other solutions, the optical center of the double solution still lies on the danger cylinder, but the optical centers of the other two solutions no longer lie on the danger cylinder. And when the optical center moves on the danger cylinder, accordingly the optical centers of the two other solutions of the corresponding P3P problem form a new surface, characterized by a polynomial equation of degree 12 in the optical center coordinates, called the Companion Surface of Danger Cylinder (CSDC). That means the danger cylinder always has a companion surface. For the significance of CSDC, we show that when the optical center passes through the CSDC, the number of solutions of P3P problem must change by 2. That means CSDC acts as a delimitating surface of the P3P solution space. These new findings shed some new lights on the P3P multi-solution phenomenon, an important issue in PnP study. 
### 11.Pattern Spotting in Historical Documents Using Convolutional Models  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08580.pdf)
>  Pattern spotting consists of searching in a collection of historical document images for occurrences of a graphical object using an image query. Contrary to object detection, no prior information nor predefined class is given about the query so training a model of the object is not feasible. In this paper, a convolutional neural network approach is proposed to tackle this problem. We use RetinaNet as a feature extractor to obtain multiscale embeddings of the regions of the documents and also for the queries. Experiments conducted on the DocExplore dataset show that our proposal is better at locating patterns and requires less storage for indexing images than the state-of-the-art system, but fails at retrieving some pages containing multiple instances of the query. 
### 12.vireoJD-MM at Activity Detection in Extended Videos  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08547.pdf)
>  This notebook paper presents an overview and comparative analysis of our system designed for activity detection in extended videos (ActEV-PC) in ActivityNet Challenge 2019. Specifically, we exploit person/vehicle detections in spatial level and action localization in temporal level for action detection in surveillance videos. The mechanism of different tubelet generation and model decomposition methods are studied as well. The detection results are finally predicted by late fusing the results from each component. 
### 13.From Zero-Shot Learning to Cold-Start Recommendation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08511.pdf)
>  Zero-shot learning (ZSL) and cold-start recommendation (CSR) are two challenging problems in computer vision and recommender system, respectively. In general, they are independently investigated in different communities. This paper, however, reveals that ZSL and CSR are two extensions of the same intension. Both of them, for instance, attempt to predict unseen classes and involve two spaces, one for direct feature representation and the other for supplementary description. Yet there is no existing approach which addresses CSR from the ZSL perspective. This work, for the first time, formulates CSR as a ZSL problem, and a tailor-made ZSL method is proposed to handle CSR. Specifically, we propose a Low-rank Linear Auto-Encoder (LLAE), which challenges three cruxes, i.e., domain shift, spurious correlations and computing efficiency, in this paper. LLAE consists of two parts, a low-rank encoder maps user behavior into user attributes and a symmetric decoder reconstructs user behavior from user attributes. Extensive experiments on both ZSL and CSR tasks verify that the proposed method is a win-win formulation, i.e., not only can CSR be handled by ZSL models with a significant performance improvement compared with several conventional state-of-the-art methods, but the consideration of CSR can benefit ZSL as well. 
### 14.Multiple-Identity Image Attacks Against Face-based Identity Verification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08507.pdf)
>  Facial verification systems are vulnerable to poisoning attacks that make use of multiple-identity images (MIIs)---face images stored in a database that resemble multiple persons, such that novel images of any of the constituent persons are verified as matching the identity of the MII. Research on this mode of attack has focused on defence by detection, with no explanation as to why the vulnerability exists. New quantitative results are presented that support an explanation in terms of the geometry of the representations spaces used by the verification systems. In the spherical geometry of those spaces, the angular distance distributions of matching and non-matching pairs of face representations are only modestly separated, approximately centred at 90 and 40-60 degrees, respectively. This is sufficient for open-set verification on normal data but provides an opportunity for MII attacks. Our analysis considers ideal MII algorithms, demonstrating that, if realisable, they would deliver faces roughly 45 degrees from their constituent faces, thus classed as matching them. We study the performance of three methods for MII generation---gallery search, image space morphing, and representation space inversion---and show that the latter two realise the ideal well enough to produce effective attacks, while the former could succeed but only with an implausibly large gallery to search. Gallery search and inversion MIIs depend on having access to a facial comparator, for optimisation, but our results show that these attacks can still be effective when attacking disparate comparators, thus securing a deployed comparator is an insufficient defence. 
### 15.PointNLM: Point Nonlocal-Means for vegetation segmentation based on middle echo point clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08476.pdf)
>  Middle-echo, which covers one or a few corresponding points, is a specific type of 3D point cloud acquired by a multi-echo laser scanner. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for automatic segmentation of trees that leverages middle-echo information from LiDAR point clouds. First, using a convolution classification method, the proposed type of point clouds reflected by the middle echoes are identified from all point clouds. The middle-echo point clouds are distinguished from the first and last echoes. Hence, the crown positions of the trees are quickly detected from the huge number of point clouds. Second, to accurately extract trees from all point clouds, we propose a 3D deep learning network, PointNLM, to semantically segment tree crowns. PointNLM captures the long-range relationship between the point clouds via a non-local branch and extracts high-level features via max-pooling applied to unordered points. The whole framework is evaluated using the Semantic 3D reduced-test set. The IoU of tree point cloud segmentation reached 0.864. In addition, the semantic segmentation network was tested using the Paris-Lille-3D dataset. The average IoU outperformed several other popular methods. The experimental results indicate that the proposed algorithm provides an excellent solution for vegetation segmentation from LiDAR point clouds. 
### 16.GAN-Knowledge Distillation for one-stage Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08467.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have a significant improvement in the accuracy of target detection. As convolutional neural networks become deeper, the accuracy of detection is also obviously improved, and more floating-point calculations are needed. Many researchers use the knowledge distillation method to improve the accuracy of student networks by transferring knowledge from a deeper and larger teachers network to a small student network, in object detection. Most methods of knowledge distillation need to designed complex cost functions and they are aimed at the two-stage object detection algorithm. This paper proposes a clean and effective knowledge distillation method for the one-stage object detection. The feature maps generated by teacher network and student network are used as true samples and fake samples respectively, and generate adversarial training for both to improve the performance of the student network in one-stage object detection. 
### 17.Nested Network with Two-Stream Pyramid for Salient Object Detection in Optical Remote Sensing Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08462.pdf)
>  Arising from the various object types and scales, diverse imaging orientations, and cluttered backgrounds in optical remote sensing image (RSI), it is difficult to directly extend the success of salient object detection for nature scene image to the optical RSI. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end deep network called LV-Net based on the shape of network architecture, which detects salient objects from optical RSIs in a purely data-driven fashion. The proposed LV-Net consists of two key modules, i.e., a two-stream pyramid module (L-shaped module) and an encoder-decoder module with nested connections (V-shaped module). Specifically, the L-shaped module extracts a set of complementary information hierarchically by using a two-stream pyramid structure, which is beneficial to perceiving the diverse scales and local details of salient objects. The V-shaped module gradually integrates encoder detail features with decoder semantic features through nested connections, which aims at suppressing the cluttered backgrounds and highlighting the salient objects. In addition, we construct the first publicly available optical RSI dataset for salient object detection, including 800 images with varying spatial resolutions, diverse saliency types, and pixel-wise ground truth. Experiments on this benchmark dataset demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art salient object detection methods both qualitatively and quantitatively. 
### 18.Improving the robustness of ImageNet classifiers using elements of human visual cognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08416.pdf)
>  We investigate the robustness properties of image recognition models equipped with two features inspired by human vision, an explicit episodic memory and a shape bias, at the ImageNet scale. As reported in previous work, we show that an explicit episodic memory improves the robustness of image recognition models against small-norm adversarial perturbations under some threat models. It does not, however, improve the robustness against more natural, and typically larger, perturbations. Learning more robust features during training appears to be necessary for robustness in this second sense. We show that features derived from a model that was encouraged to learn global, shape-based representations (Geirhos et al., 2019) do not only improve the robustness against natural perturbations, but when used in conjunction with an episodic memory, they also provide additional robustness against adversarial perturbations. Finally, we address three important design choices for the episodic memory: memory size, dimensionality of the memories and the retrieval method. We show that to make the episodic memory more compact, it is preferable to reduce the number of memories by clustering them, instead of reducing their dimensionality. 
### 19.A Strong Baseline and Batch Normalization Neck for Deep Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08332.pdf)
>  This study explores a simple but strong baseline for person re-identification (ReID). Person ReID with deep neural networks has progressed and achieved high performance in recent years. However, many state-of-the-art methods design complex network structures and concatenate multi-branch features. In the literature, some effective training tricks briefly appear in several papers or source codes. The present study collects and evaluates these effective training tricks in person ReID. By combining these tricks, the model achieves 94.5% rank-1 and 85.9% mean average precision on Market1501 with only using the global features of ResNet50. The performance surpasses all existing global- and part-based baselines in person ReID. We propose a novel neck structure named as batch normalization neck (BNNeck). BNNeck adds a batch normalization layer after global pooling layer to separate metric and classification losses into two different feature spaces because we observe they are inconsistent in one embedding space. Extended experiments show that BNNeck can boost the baseline, and our baseline can improve the performance of existing state-of-the-art methods. Our codes and models are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/michuanhaohao/reid-strong-baseline" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 20.Light Field Saliency Detection with Deep Convolutional Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08331.pdf)
>  CNN-based methods have been proven to work well for saliency detection on RGB images owing to the outstanding feature representation abilities of CNNs. However, their performance will degrade when detecting multiple saliency regions in highly cluttered or similar backgrounds. To address these problems, in this paper we resort to light field imaging, which records the color intensity of each pixel as well as the directions of incoming light rays, and thus can improve performance for saliency detection owing to the usage of both spatial and angular patterns encoded in light field images. However, it is not trivial to use CNN-based methods for saliency detection on light field images because these methods are not specifically designed for processing light field inputs and current light field datasets are not sufficiently large to train CNNs. To overcome these issues, we first present a new Lytro Illum dataset, which contains 640 light fields and their corresponding micro-lens images, central-viewing images as well as ground-truth saliency maps. Comparing to the current light field saliency datasets~\cite{Li14, Zhang17}, the new dataset is larger, of higher quality, contains more variations and more types of light field inputs, which is suitable for training deeper networks as well as better benchmarking algorithms. Furthermore, we propose a novel end-to-end CNN-based framework for light field saliency detection as well as its several variants. We systematically study the impact of different variants and compare light field saliency with regular 2D saliency on the performance of the proposed network. We also conduct extensive experimental comparisons, which indicate that our network significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the proposed dataset and has desired generalization abilities on other existing datasets. 
### 21.Learning the Sampling Pattern for MRI  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08754.pdf)
>  The discovery of the theory of compressed sensing brought the realisation that many inverse problems can be solved even when measurements are "incomplete". This is particularly interesting in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), where long acquisition times can limit its use. In this work, we consider the problem of learning a sparse sampling pattern that can be used to optimally balance acquisition time versus quality of the reconstructed image. We use a supervised learning approach, making the assumption that our training data is representative enough of new data acquisitions. We demonstrate that this is indeed the case, even if the training data consists of just 5 training pairs of measurements and ground-truth images; with a training set of brain images of size 192 by 192, for instance, one of the learned patterns samples only 32% of k-space, however results in reconstructions with mean SSIM 0.956 on a test set of similar images. The proposed framework is general enough to learn arbitrary sampling patterns, including common patterns such as Cartesian, spiral and radial sampling. 
### 22.An Improved Trade-off Between Accuracy and Complexity with Progressive Gradient Pruning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08746.pdf)
>  Although deep neural networks (NNs) have achieved state-of-the-art accuracy in many visual recognition tasks ,the growing computational complexity and energy consumption of networks remains an issue, especially for applications on platforms with limited resources and requiring real-time processing. Channel pruning techniques have recently shown promising results for the compression of convolutional NNs (CNNs). However, these techniques can result in low accuracy and complex optimisations because some only prune after training CNNs, while others prune from scratch during training by integrating sparsity constraints or modifying the loss function. The progressive soft filter pruning technique provides greater training efficiency, but its soft pruning strategy does no thandle the backward pass which is needed for better optimization. In this paper, a new Progressive Gradient Pruning (PGP) technique is proposed for iterative channel pruning during training. It relies on a criterion that measures the change in channel weights that improves existing progressive pruning, and on an effective hard and soft pruning strategies to adapt momentum tensors during the backward propagation pass. Experimental results obtained after training various CNNs on the MNIST and CIFAR10 datasets indicate that the PGP technique canachieve a better tradeoff between classification accuracy and network (time and memory) complexity than state-of-the-art channel pruning techniques 
### 23.We Need No Pixels: Video Manipulation Detection Using Stream Descriptors  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08743.pdf)
>  Manipulating video content is easier than ever. Due to the misuse potential of manipulated content, multiple detection techniques that analyze the pixel data from the videos have been proposed. However, clever manipulators should also carefully forge the metadata and auxiliary header information, which is harder to do for videos than images. In this paper, we propose to identify forged videos by analyzing their multimedia stream descriptors with simple binary classifiers, completely avoiding the pixel space. Using well-known datasets, our results show that this scalable approach can achieve a high manipulation detection score if the manipulators have not done a careful data sanitization of the multimedia stream descriptors. 
### 24.Clustering and Classification Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08714.pdf)
>  In this paper, we will describe a network architecture that demonstrates high performance on various sizes of datasets. To do this, we will perform an architecture search by dividing the fully connected layer into three levels in the existing network architecture. The first step is to learn existing CNN layer and existing fully connected layer for 1 epoch. The second step is clustering similar classes by applying L1 distance to the result of Softmax. The third step is to reclassify using clustering class masks. We accomplished the result of state-of-the-art by performing the above three steps sequentially or recursively. The technology recorded an error of 11.56% on Cifar-100. 
### 25.Reversible Privacy Preservation using Multi-level Encryption and Compressive Sensing  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08713.pdf)
>  Security monitoring via ubiquitous cameras and their more extended in intelligent buildings stand to gain from advances in signal processing and machine learning. While these innovative and ground-breaking applications can be considered as a boon, at the same time they raise significant privacy concerns. In fact, recent GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) legislation has highlighted and become an incentive for privacy-preserving solutions. Typical privacy-preserving video monitoring schemes address these concerns by either anonymizing the sensitive data. However, these approaches suffer from some limitations, since they are usually non-reversible, do not provide multiple levels of decryption and computationally costly. In this paper, we provide a novel privacy-preserving method, which is reversible, supports de-identification at multiple privacy levels, and can efficiently perform data acquisition, encryption and data hiding by combining multi-level encryption with compressive sensing. The effectiveness of the proposed approach in protecting the identity of the users has been validated using the goodness of reconstruction quality and strong anonymization of the faces. 
### 26.The Limited Multi-Label Projection Layer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08707.pdf)
>  We propose the Limited Multi-Label (LML) projection layer as a new primitive operation for end-to-end learning systems. The LML layer provides a probabilistic way of modeling multi-label predictions limited to having exactly k labels. We derive efficient forward and backward passes for this layer and show how the layer can be used to optimize the top-k recall for multi-label tasks with incomplete label information. We evaluate LML layers on top-k CIFAR-100 classification and scene graph generation. We show that LML layers add a negligible amount of computational overhead, strictly improve the model's representational capacity, and improve accuracy. We also revisit the truncated top-k entropy method as a competitive baseline for top-k classification. 
### 27.Back to Simplicity: How to Train Accurate BNNs from Scratch?  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08637.pdf)
>  Binary Neural Networks (BNNs) show promising progress in reducing computational and memory costs but suffer from substantial accuracy degradation compared to their real-valued counterparts on large-scale datasets, e.g., ImageNet. Previous work mainly focused on reducing quantization errors of weights and activations, whereby a series of approximation methods and sophisticated training tricks have been proposed. In this work, we make several observations that challenge conventional wisdom. We revisit some commonly used techniques, such as scaling factors and custom gradients, and show that these methods are not crucial in training well-performing BNNs. On the contrary, we suggest several design principles for BNNs based on the insights learned and demonstrate that highly accurate BNNs can be trained from scratch with a simple training strategy. We propose a new BNN architecture BinaryDenseNet, which significantly surpasses all existing 1-bit CNNs on ImageNet without tricks. In our experiments, BinaryDenseNet achieves 18.6% and 7.6% relative improvement over the well-known XNOR-Network and the current state-of-the-art Bi-Real Net in terms of top-1 accuracy on ImageNet, respectively. 
### 28.A Segmentation-Oriented Inter-Class Transfer Method: Application to Retinal Vessel Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08501.pdf)
>  Retinal vessel segmentation, as a principal nonintrusive diagnose method for ophthalmology diseases or diabetics, suffers from data scarcity due to requiring pixel-wise labels. In this paper, we proposed a convenient patch-based two-stage transfer method. First, based on the information bottleneck theory, we insert one dimensionality-reduced layer for task-specific feature space. Next, the semi-supervised clustering is conducted to select instances, from different sources databases, possessing similarities in the feature space. Surprisingly, we empirically demonstrate that images from different classes possessing similarities contribute to better performance than some same-class instances. The proposed framework achieved an accuracy of 97%, 96.8%, and 96.77% on DRIVE, STARE, and HRF respectively, outperforming current methods and independent human observers (DRIVE (96.37%) and STARE (93.39%)). 
### 29.Efficient two step optimization for large embedded deformation graph based SLAM  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08477.pdf)
>  Embedded deformation nodes based formulation has been widely applied in deformable geometry and graphical problems. Though being promising in stereo (or RGBD) sensor based SLAM applications, it remains challenging to keep constant speed in deformation nodes parameter estimation when model grows larger. In practice, the processing time grows rapidly in accordance with the expansion of maps. In this paper, we propose an approach to decouple nodes of deformation graph in large scale dense deformable SLAM and keep the estimation time to be constant. We observe that only partial deformable nodes in the graph are connected to visible points. Based on this fact, sparsity of original Hessian matrix is utilized to split parameter estimation in two independent steps. With this new technique, we achieve faster parameter estimation with amortized computation complexity reduced from O(n^2) to closing O(1). As a result, the computation cost barely increases as the map keeps growing. Based on our strategy, computational bottleneck in large scale embedded deformation graph based applications will be greatly mitigated. The effectiveness is validated by experiments, featuring large scale deformation scenarios. 
### 30.Predicting Motion of Vulnerable Road Users using High-Definition Maps and Efficient ConvNets  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08469.pdf)
>  Following detection and tracking of traffic actors, prediction of their future motion is the next critical component of a self-driving vehicle (SDV) technology, allowing the SDV to operate safely and efficiently in its environment. This is particularly important when it comes to vulnerable road users (VRUs), such as pedestrians and bicyclists. These actors need to be handled with special care due to an increased risk of injury, as well as the fact that their behavior is less predictable than that of motorized actors. To address this issue, in this paper we present a deep learning-based method for predicting VRU movement, where we rasterize high-definition maps and actor's surroundings into bird's-eye view image used as an input to deep convolutional networks. In addition, we propose a fast architecture suitable for real-time inference, and present a detailed ablation study of various rasterization choices. The results strongly indicate benefits of using the proposed approach for motion prediction of VRUs, both in terms of accuracy and latency. 
### 31.Adversarial Regularization for Visual Question Answering: Strengths, Shortcomings, and Side Effects  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08430.pdf)
>  Visual question answering (VQA) models have been shown to over-rely on linguistic biases in VQA datasets, answering questions "blindly" without considering visual context. Adversarial regularization (AdvReg) aims to address this issue via an adversary sub-network that encourages the main model to learn a bias-free representation of the question. In this work, we investigate the strengths and shortcomings of AdvReg with the goal of better understanding how it affects inference in VQA models. Despite achieving a new state-of-the-art on VQA-CP, we find that AdvReg yields several undesirable side-effects, including unstable gradients and sharply reduced performance on in-domain examples. We demonstrate that gradual introduction of regularization during training helps to alleviate, but not completely solve, these issues. Through error analyses, we observe that AdvReg improves generalization to binary questions, but impairs performance on questions with heterogeneous answer distributions. Qualitatively, we also find that regularized models tend to over-rely on visual features, while ignoring important linguistic cues in the question. Our results suggest that AdvReg requires further refinement before it can be considered a viable bias mitigation technique for VQA. 
### 32.2D Linear Time-Variant Controller for Human's Intention Detection for Reach-to-Grasp Trajectories in Novel Scenes  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08380.pdf)
>  Designing robotic assistance devices for manipulation tasks is challenging. This work is concerned with improving accuracy and usability of semi-autonomous robots, such as human operated manipulators or exoskeletons. The key insight is to develop a system that takes into account context- and user-awareness to take better decisions in how to assist the user. The context-awareness is implemented by enabling the system to automatically generate a set of candidate grasps and reach-to-grasp trajectories in novel, cluttered scenes. The user-awareness is implemented as a linear time-variant feedback controller to facilitate the motion towards the most promising grasp. Our approach is demonstrated in a simple 2D example in which participants are asked to grasp a specific object in a clutter scene. Our approach also reduce the number of controllable dimensions for the user by providing only control on x- and y-axis, while orientation of the end-effector and the pose of its fingers are inferred by the system. The experimental results show the benefits of our approach in terms of accuracy and execution time with respect to a pure manual control. 
### 33.SwiftNet: Using Graph Propagation as Meta-knowledge to Search HighlyvRepresentative Neural Architectures  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08305.pdf)
>  Designing neural architectures for edge devices is subject to constraints of accuracy, inference latency, and computational cost. Traditionally, researchers manually craft deep neural networks to meet the needs of mobile devices. Neural Architecture Search (NAS) was proposed to automate the neural architecture design without requiring extensive domain expertise and significant manual efforts. Recent works utilized NAS to design mobile models by taking into account hardware constraints and achieved state-of-the-art accuracy with fewer parameters and less computational cost measured in Multiply-accumulates (MACs). To find highly compact neural architectures, existing works relies on predefined cells and directly applying width multiplier, which may potentially limit the model flexibility, reduce the useful feature map information, and cause accuracy drop. To conquer this issue, we propose GRAM(GRAph propagation as Meta-knowledge) that adopts fine-grained (node-wise) search method and accumulates the knowledge learned in updates into a meta-graph. As a result, GRAM can enable more flexible search space and achieve higher search efficiency. Without the constraints of predefined cell or blocks, we propose a new structure-level pruning method to remove redundant operations in neural architectures. SwiftNet, which is a set of models discovered by GRAM, outperforms MobileNet-V2 by 2.15x higher accuracy density and 2.42x faster with similar accuracy. Compared with FBNet, SwiftNet reduces the search cost by 26x and achieves 2.35x higher accuracy density and 1.47x speedup while preserving similar accuracy. SwiftNetcan obtain 63.28% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet-1K with only 53M MACs and 2.07M parameters. The corresponding inference latency is only 19.09 ms on Google Pixel 1. 
### 34.Training on test data: Removing near duplicates in Fashion-MNIST  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.08255.pdf)
>  MNIST and Fashion MNIST are extremely popular for testing in the machine learning space. Fashion MNIST improves on MNIST by introducing a harder problem, increasing the diversity of testing sets, and more accurately representing a modern computer vision task. In order to increase the data quality of FashionMNIST, this paper investigates near duplicate images between training and testing sets. Near-duplicates between testing and training sets artificially increase the testing accuracy of machine learning models. This paper identifies near-duplicate images in Fashion MNIST and proposes a dataset with near-duplicates removed. 
