# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 5 Jun 2019
### 1.Scene Representation Networks: Continuous 3D-Structure-Aware Neural Scene Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01618.pdf)
>  The advent of deep learning has given rise to neural scene representations - learned mathematical models of a 3D environment. However, many of these representations do not explicitly reason about geometry and thus do not account for the underlying 3D structure of the scene. In contrast, geometric deep learning has explored 3D-structure-aware representations of scene geometry, but requires explicit 3D supervision. We propose Scene Representation Networks (SRNs), a continuous, 3D-structure-aware scene representation that encodes both geometry and appearance. SRNs represent scenes as continuous functions that map world coordinates to a feature representation of local scene properties. By formulating the image formation as a differentiable ray-marching algorithm, SRNs can be trained end-to-end from only 2D observations, without access to depth or geometry. This formulation naturally generalizes across scenes, learning powerful geometry and appearance priors in the process. We demonstrate the potential of SRNs by evaluating them for novel view synthesis, few-shot reconstruction, joint shape and appearance interpolation, and unsupervised discovery of a non-rigid face model. 
### 2.Dominant Set Clustering and Pooling for Multi-View 3D Object Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01592.pdf)
>  View based strategies for 3D object recognition have proven to be very successful. The state-of-the-art methods now achieve over 90% correct category level recognition performance on appearance images. We improve upon these methods by introducing a view clustering and pooling layer based on dominant sets. The key idea is to pool information from views which are similar and thus belong to the same cluster. The pooled feature vectors are then fed as inputs to the same layer, in a recurrent fashion. This recurrent clustering and pooling module, when inserted in an off-the-shelf pretrained CNN, boosts performance for multi-view 3D object recognition, achieving a new state of the art test set recognition accuracy of 93.8% on the ModelNet 40 database. We also explore a fast approximate learning strategy for our cluster-pooling CNN, which, while sacrificing end-to-end learning, greatly improves its training efficiency with only a slight reduction of recognition accuracy to 93.3%. Our implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fate3439/dscnn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 3.Photo-Geometric Autoencoding to Learn 3D Objects from Unlabelled Images  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01568.pdf)
>  We show that generative models can be used to capture visual geometry constraints statistically. We use this fact to infer the 3D shape of object categories from raw single-view images. Differently from prior work, we use no external supervision, nor do we use multiple views or videos of the objects. We achieve this by a simple reconstruction task, exploiting the symmetry of the objects' shape and albedo. Specifically, given a single image of the object seen from an arbitrary viewpoint, our model predicts a symmetric canonical view, the corresponding 3D shape and a viewpoint transformation, and trains with the goal of reconstructing the input view, resembling an auto-encoder. Our experiments show that this method can recover the 3D shape of human faces, cat faces, and cars from single view images, without supervision. On benchmarks, we demonstrate superior accuracy compared to other methods that use supervision at the level of 2D image correspondences. 
### 4.Disentangling neural mechanisms for perceptual grouping  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01558.pdf)
>  Forming perceptual groups and individuating objects in visual scenes is an essential step towards visual intelligence. This ability is thought to arise in the brain from computations implemented by bottom-up, horizontal, and top-down connections between neurons. However, the relative contributions of these connections to perceptual grouping are poorly understood. We address this question by systematically evaluating neural network architectures featuring combinations of these connections on two synthetic visual tasks, which stress low-level `gestalt' vs. high-level object cues for perceptual grouping. We show that increasing the difficulty of either task strains learning for networks that rely solely on bottom-up processing. Horizontal connections resolve this limitation on tasks with gestalt cues by supporting incremental spatial propagation of activities, whereas top-down connections rescue learning on tasks featuring object cues by propagating coarse predictions about the position of the target object. Our findings disassociate the computational roles of bottom-up, horizontal and top-down connectivity, and demonstrate how a model featuring all of these interactions can more flexibly learn to form perceptual groups. 
### 5.Learning Rotation Adaptive Correlation Filters in Robust Visual Object Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01551.pdf)
>  Visual object tracking is one of the major challenges in the field of computer vision. Correlation Filter (CF) trackers are one of the most widely used categories in tracking. Though numerous tracking algorithms based on CFs are available today, most of them fail to efficiently detect the object in an unconstrained environment with dynamically changing object appearance. In order to tackle such challenges, the existing strategies often rely on a particular set of algorithms. Here, we propose a robust framework that offers the provision to incorporate illumination and rotation invariance in the standard Discriminative Correlation Filter (DCF) formulation. We also supervise the detection stage of DCF trackers by eliminating false positives in the convolution response map. Further, we demonstrate the impact of displacement consistency on CF trackers. The generality and efficiency of the proposed framework is illustrated by integrating our contributions into two state-of-the-art CF trackers: SRDCF and ECO. As per the comprehensive experiments on the VOT2016 dataset, our top trackers show substantial improvement of 14.7% and 6.41% in robustness, 11.4% and 1.71% in Average Expected Overlap (AEO) over the baseline SRDCF and ECO, respectively. 
### 6.Natural Vocabulary Emerges from Free-Form Annotations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01542.pdf)
>  We propose an approach for annotating object classes using free-form text written by undirected and untrained annotators. Free-form labeling is natural for annotators, they intuitively provide very specific and exhaustive labels, and no training stage is necessary. We first collect 729 labels on 15k images using 124 different annotators. Then we automatically enrich the structure of these free-form annotations by discovering a natural vocabulary of 4020 classes within them. This vocabulary represents the natural distribution of objects well and is learned directly from data, instead of being an educated guess done before collecting any labels. Hence, the natural vocabulary emerges from a large mass of free-form annotations. To do so, we (i) map the raw input strings to entities in an ontology of physical objects (which gives them an unambiguous meaning); and (ii) leverage inter-annotator co-occurrences, as well as biases and knowledge specific to individual annotators. Finally, we also automatically extract natural vocabularies of reduced size that have high object coverage while remaining specific. These reduced vocabularies represent the natural distribution of objects much better than commonly used predefined vocabularies. Moreover, they feature more uniform sample distribution over classes. 
### 7.Localization in Aerial Imagery with Grid Maps using LocGAN  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01540.pdf)
>  In this work, we present LocGAN, our localization approach based on a geo-referenced aerial imagery and LiDAR grid maps. Currently, most self-localization approaches relate the current sensor observations to a map generated from previously acquired data. Unfortunately, this data is not always available and the generated maps are usually sensor setup specific. Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) can overcome this problem. However, they are not always reliable especially in urban areas due to multi-path and shadowing effects. Since aerial imagery is usually available, we can use it as prior information. To match aerial images with grid maps, we use conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs) which transform aerial images to the grid map domain. The transformation between the predicted and measured grid map is estimated using a localization network (LocNet). Given the geo-referenced aerial image transformation the vehicle pose can be estimated. Evaluations performed on the data recorded in region Karlsruhe, Germany show that our LocGAN approach provides reliable global localization results. 
### 8.Visual Tree Convolutional Neural Network in Image Classification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01536.pdf)
>  In image classification, Convolutional Neural Network(CNN) models have achieved high performance with the rapid development in deep learning. However, some categories in the image datasets are more difficult to distinguished than others. Improving the classification accuracy on these confused categories is benefit to the overall performance. In this paper, we build a Confusion Visual Tree(CVT) based on the confused semantic level information to identify the confused categories. With the information provided by the CVT, we can lead the CNN training procedure to pay more attention on these confused categories. Therefore, we propose Visual Tree Convolutional Neural Networks(VT-CNN) based on the original deep CNN embedded with our CVT. We evaluate our VT-CNN model on the benchmark datasets CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100. In our experiments, we build up 3 different VT-CNN models and they obtain improvement over their based CNN models by 1.36%, 0.89% and 0.64%, respectively. 
### 9.Cross-Domain Cascaded Deep Feature Translation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01526.pdf)
>  In recent years we have witnessed tremendous progress in unpaired image-to-image translation methods, propelled by the emergence of DNNs and adversarial training strategies. However, most existing methods focus on transfer of style and appearance, rather than on shape translation. The latter task is challenging, due to its intricate non-local nature, which calls for additional supervision. We mitigate this by descending the deep layers of a pre-trained network, where the deep features contain more semantics, and applying the translation from and between these deep features. Specifically, we leverage VGG, which is a classification network, pre-trained with large-scale semantic supervision. Our translation is performed in a cascaded, deep-to-shallow, fashion, along the deep feature hierarchy: we first translate between the deepest layers that encode the higher-level semantic content of the image, proceeding to translate the shallower layers, conditioned on the deeper ones. We show that our method is able to translate between different domains, which exhibit significantly different shapes. We evaluate our method both qualitatively and quantitatively and compare it to state-of-the-art image-to-image translation methods. Our code and trained models will be made available. 
### 10.Text-based Editing of Talking-head Video  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01524.pdf)
>  Editing talking-head video to change the speech content or to remove filler words is challenging. We propose a novel method to edit talking-head video based on its transcript to produce a realistic output video in which the dialogue of the speaker has been modified, while maintaining a seamless audio-visual flow (i.e. no jump cuts). Our method automatically annotates an input talking-head video with phonemes, visemes, 3D face pose and geometry, reflectance, expression and scene illumination per frame. To edit a video, the user has to only edit the transcript, and an optimization strategy then chooses segments of the input corpus as base material. The annotated parameters corresponding to the selected segments are seamlessly stitched together and used to produce an intermediate video representation in which the lower half of the face is rendered with a parametric face model. Finally, a recurrent video generation network transforms this representation to a photorealistic video that matches the edited transcript. We demonstrate a large variety of edits, such as the addition, removal, and alteration of words, as well as convincing language translation and full sentence synthesis. 
### 11.Automatic Health Problem Detection from Gait Videos Using Deep Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01480.pdf)
>  The aim of this study is developing an automatic system for detection of gait-related health problems using Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). The proposed system takes a video of patients as the input and estimates their 3D body pose using a DNN based method. Our code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rmehrizi/multi-view-pose-estimation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. The resulting 3D body pose time series are then analyzed in a classifier, which classifies input gait videos into four different groups including Healthy, with Parkinsons disease, Post Stroke patient, and with orthopedic problems. The proposed system removes the requirement of complex and heavy equipment and large laboratory space, and makes the system practical for home use. Moreover, it does not need domain knowledge for feature engineering since it is capable of extracting semantic and high level features from the input data. The experimental results showed the classification accuracy of 56% to 96% for different groups. Furthermore, only 1 out of 25 healthy subjects were misclassified (False positive), and only 1 out of 70 patients were classified as a healthy subject (False negative). This study presents a starting point toward a powerful tool for automatic classification of gait disorders and can be used as a basis for future applications of Deep Learning in clinical gait analysis. Since the system uses digital cameras as the only required equipment, it can be employed in domestic environment of patients and elderly people for consistent gait monitoring and early detection of gait alterations. 
### 12.Selective Style Transfer for Text  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01466.pdf)
>  This paper explores the possibilities of image style transfer applied to text maintaining the original transcriptions. Results on different text domains (scene text, machine printed text and handwritten text) and cross modal results demonstrate that this is feasible, and open different research lines. Furthermore, two architectures for selective style transfer, which means transferring style to only desired image pixels, are proposed. Finally, scene text selective style transfer is evaluated as a data augmentation technique to expand scene text detection datasets, resulting in a boost of text detectors performance. Our implementation of the described models is publicly available. 
### 13.Reconstruct and Represent Video Contents for Captioning via Reinforcement Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01452.pdf)
>  In this paper, the problem of describing visual contents of a video sequence with natural language is addressed. Unlike previous video captioning work mainly exploiting the cues of video contents to make a language description, we propose a reconstruction network (RecNet) in a novel encoder-decoder-reconstructor architecture, which leverages both forward (video to sentence) and backward (sentence to video) flows for video captioning. Specifically, the encoder-decoder component makes use of the forward flow to produce a sentence description based on the encoded video semantic features. Two types of reconstructors are subsequently proposed to employ the backward flow and reproduce the video features from local and global perspectives, respectively, capitalizing on the hidden state sequence generated by the decoder. Moreover, in order to make a comprehensive reconstruction of the video features, we propose to fuse the two types of reconstructors together. The generation loss yielded by the encoder-decoder component and the reconstruction loss introduced by the reconstructor are jointly cast into training the proposed RecNet in an end-to-end fashion. Furthermore, the RecNet is fine-tuned by CIDEr optimization via reinforcement learning, which significantly boosts the captioning performance. Experimental results on benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed reconstructor can boost the performance of video captioning consistently. 
### 14.Active Object Manipulation Facilitates Visual Object Learning: An Egocentric Vision Study  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01415.pdf)
>  Inspired by the remarkable ability of the infant visual learning system, a recent study collected first-person images from children to analyze the `training data' that they receive. We conduct a follow-up study that investigates two additional directions. First, given that infants can quickly learn to recognize a new object without much supervision (i.e. few-shot learning), we limit the number of training images. Second, we investigate how children control the supervision signals they receive during learning based on hand manipulation of objects. Our experimental results suggest that supervision with hand manipulation is better than without hands, and the trend is consistent even when a small number of images is available. 
### 15.Semi- and Weakly-supervised Human Pose Estimation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01399.pdf)
>  For human pose estimation in still images, this paper proposes three semi- and weakly-supervised learning schemes. While recent advances of convolutional neural networks improve human pose estimation using supervised training data, our focus is to explore the semi- and weakly-supervised schemes. Our proposed schemes initially learn conventional model(s) for pose estimation from a small amount of standard training images with human pose annotations. For the first semi-supervised learning scheme, this conventional pose model detects candidate poses in training images with no human annotation. From these candidate poses, only true-positives are selected by a classifier using a pose feature representing the configuration of all body parts. The accuracies of these candidate pose estimation and true-positive pose selection are improved by action labels provided to these images in our second and third learning schemes, which are semi- and weakly-supervised learning. While the first and second learning schemes select only poses that are similar to those in the supervised training data, the third scheme selects more true-positive poses that are significantly different from any supervised poses. This pose selection is achieved by pose clustering using outlier pose detection with Dirichlet process mixtures and the Bayes factor. The proposed schemes are validated with large-scale human pose datasets. 
### 16.KarNet: An Efficient Boolean Function Simplifier  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01363.pdf)
>  Many approaches such as Quine-McCluskey algorithm, Karnaugh map solving, Petrick's method and McBoole's method have been devised to simplify Boolean expressions in order to optimize hardware implementation of digital circuits. However, the algorithmic implementations of these methods are hard-coded and also their computation time is proportional to the number of minterms involved in the expression. In this paper, we propose KarNet, where the ability of Convolutional Neural Networks to model relationships between various cell locations and values by capturing spatial dependencies is exploited to solve Karnaugh maps. In order to do so, a Karnaugh map is represented as an image signal, where each cell is considered as a pixel. Experimental results show that the computation time of KarNet is independent of the number of minterms and is of the order of one-hundredth to one-tenth that of the rule-based methods. KarNet being a learned system is found to achieve nearly a hundred percent accuracy, precision, and recall. We train KarNet to solve four variable Karnaugh maps and also show that a similar method can be applied on Karnaugh maps with more variables. Finally, we show a way to build a fully accurate and computationally fast system using KarNet. 
### 17.State-aware Re-identification Feature for Multi-target Multi-camera Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01357.pdf)
>  Multi-target Multi-camera Tracking (MTMCT) aims to extract the trajectories from videos captured by a set of cameras. Recently, the tracking performance of MTMCT is significantly enhanced with the employment of re-identification (Re-ID) model. However, the appearance feature usually becomes unreliable due to the occlusion and orientation variance of the targets. Directly applying Re-ID model in MTMCT will encounter the problem of identity switches (IDS) and tracklet fragment caused by occlusion. To solve these problems, we propose a novel tracking framework in this paper. In this framework, the occlusion status and orientation information are utilized in Re-ID model with human pose information considered. In addition, the tracklet association using the proposed fused tracking feature is adopted to handle the fragment problem. The proposed tracker achieves 81.3\% IDF1 on the multiple-camera hard sequence, which outperforms all other reference methods by a large margin. 
### 18.End-to-End Learning of Geometric Deformations of Feature Maps for Virtual Try-On  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01347.pdf)
>  The 2D virtual try-on task has recently attracted a lot of interest from the research community, for its direct potential applications in online shopping as well as for its inherent and non-addressed scientific challenges. This task requires to fit an in-shop cloth image on the image of a person. It is highly challenging because it requires to warp the cloth on the target person while preserving its patterns and characteristics, and to compose the item with the person in a realistic manner. Current state-of-the-art models generate images with visible artifacts, due either to a pixel-level composition step or to the geometric transformation. In this paper, we propose WUTON: a Warping U-net for a Virtual Try-On system. It is a siamese U-net generator whose skip connections are geometrically transformed by a convolutional geometric matcher. The whole architecture is trained end-to-end with a multi-task loss including an adversarial one. This enables our network to generate and use realistic spatial transformations of the cloth to synthesize images of high visual quality. The proposed architecture can be trained end-to-end and allows us to advance towards a detail-preserving and photo-realistic 2D virtual try-on system. Our method outperforms the current state-of-the-art with visual results as well as with the Learned Perceptual Image Similarity (LPIPS) metric. 
### 19.Exploiting Offset-guided Network for Pose Estimation and Tracking  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01344.pdf)
>  Human pose estimation has witnessed a significant advance thanks to the development of deep learning. Recent human pose estimation approaches tend to directly predict the location heatmaps, which causes quantization errors and inevitably deteriorates the performance within the reduced network output. Aim at solving it, we revisit the heatmap-offset aggregation method and propose the Offset-guided Network (OGN) with an intuitive but effective fusion strategy for both two-stages pose estimation and Mask R-CNN. For two-stages pose estimation, a greedy box generation strategy is also proposed to keep more necessary candidates while performing person detection. For mask R-CNN, ratio-consistent is adopted to improve the generalization ability of the network. State-of-the-art results on COCO and PoseTrack dataset verify the effectiveness of our offset-guided pose estimation and tracking. 
### 20.Face Parsing with RoI Tanh-Warping  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01342.pdf)
>  Face parsing computes pixel-wise label maps for different semantic components (e.g., hair, mouth, eyes) from face images. Existing face parsing literature have illustrated significant advantages by focusing on individual regions of interest (RoIs) for faces and facial components. However, the traditional crop-and-resize focusing mechanism ignores all contextual area outside the RoIs, and thus is not suitable when the component area is unpredictable, e.g. hair. Inspired by the physiological vision system of human, we propose a novel RoI Tanh-warping operator that combines the central vision and the peripheral vision together. It addresses the dilemma between a limited sized RoI for focusing and an unpredictable area of surrounding context for peripheral information. To this end, we propose a novel hybrid convolutional neural network for face parsing. It uses hierarchical local based method for inner facial components and global methods for outer facial components. The whole framework is simple and principled, and can be trained end-to-end. To facilitate future research of face parsing, we also manually relabel the training data of the HELEN dataset and will make it public. Experiments on both HELEN and LFW-PL benchmarks demonstrate that our method surpasses state-of-the-art methods. 
### 21.Color Constancy Convolutional Autoencoder  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01340.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the importance of pre-training for the generalization capability in the color constancy problem. We propose two novel approaches based on convolutional autoencoders: an unsupervised pre-training algorithm using a fine-tuned encoder and a semi-supervised pre-training algorithm using a novel composite-loss function. This enables us to solve the data scarcity problem and achieve competitive, to the state-of-the-art, results while requiring much fewer parameters on ColorChecker RECommended dataset. We further study the over-fitting phenomenon on the recently introduced version of INTEL-TUT Dataset for Camera Invariant Color Constancy Research, which has both field and non-field scenes acquired by three different camera models. 
### 22.Example-Guided Style Consistent Image Synthesis from Semantic Labeling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01314.pdf)
>  Example-guided image synthesis aims to synthesize an image from a semantic label map and an exemplary image indicating style. We use the term "style" in this problem to refer to implicit characteristics of images, for example: in portraits "style" includes gender, racial identity, age, hairstyle; in full body pictures it includes clothing; in street scenes, it refers to weather and time of day and such like. A semantic label map in these cases indicates facial expression, full body pose, or scene segmentation. We propose a solution to the example-guided image synthesis problem using conditional generative adversarial networks with style consistency. Our key contributions are (i) a novel style consistency discriminator to determine whether a pair of images are consistent in style; (ii) an adaptive semantic consistency loss; and (iii) a training data sampling strategy, for synthesizing style-consistent results to the exemplar. 
### 23.Towards better Validity: Dispersion based Clustering for Unsupervised Person Re-identification  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01308.pdf)
>  Person re-identification aims to establish the correct identity correspondences of a person moving through a non-overlapping multi-camera installation. Recent advances based on deep learning models for this task mainly focus on supervised learning scenarios where accurate annotations are assumed to be available for each setup. Annotating large scale datasets for person re-identification is demanding and burdensome, which renders the deployment of such supervised approaches to real-world applications infeasible. Therefore, it is necessary to train models without explicit supervision in an autonomous manner. In this paper, we propose an elegant and practical clustering approach for unsupervised person re-identification based on the cluster validity consideration. Concretely, we explore a fundamental concept in statistics, namely \emph{dispersion}, to achieve a robust clustering criterion. Dispersion reflects the compactness of a cluster when employed at the intra-cluster level and reveals the separation when measured at the inter-cluster level. With this insight, we design a novel Dispersion-based Clustering (DBC) approach which can discover the underlying patterns in data. This approach considers a wider context of sample-level pairwise relationships to achieve a robust cluster affinity assessment which handles the complications may arise due to prevalent imbalanced data distributions. Additionally, our solution can automatically prioritize standalone data points and prevents inferior clustering. Our extensive experimental analysis on image and video re-identification benchmarks demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised methods by a significant margin. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gddingcs/Dispersion-based-Clustering.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 24.Relational Reasoning using Prior Knowledge for Visual Captioning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01290.pdf)
>  Exploiting relationships among objects has achieved remarkable progress in interpreting images or videos by natural language. Most existing methods resort to first detecting objects and their relationships, and then generating textual descriptions, which heavily depends on pre-trained detectors and leads to performance drop when facing problems of heavy occlusion, tiny-size objects and long-tail in object detection. In addition, the separate procedure of detecting and captioning results in semantic inconsistency between the pre-defined object/relation categories and the target lexical words. We exploit prior human commonsense knowledge for reasoning relationships between objects without any pre-trained detectors and reaching semantic coherency within one image or video in captioning. The prior knowledge (e.g., in the form of knowledge graph) provides commonsense semantic correlation and constraint between objects that are not explicit in the image and video, serving as useful guidance to build semantic graph for sentence generation. Particularly, we present a joint reasoning method that incorporates 1) commonsense reasoning for embedding image or video regions into semantic space to build semantic graph and 2) relational reasoning for encoding semantic graph to generate sentences. Extensive experiments on the MS-COCO image captioning benchmark and the MSVD video captioning benchmark validate the superiority of our method on leveraging prior commonsense knowledge to enhance relational reasoning for visual captioning. 
### 25.Evaluation of an AI system for the automated detection of glaucoma from stereoscopic optic disc photographs: the European Optic Disc Assessment Study  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01272.pdf)
>  Objectives: To evaluate the performance of a deep learning based Artificial Intelligence (AI) software for detection of glaucoma from stereoscopic optic disc photographs, and to compare this performance to the performance of a large cohort of ophthalmologists and optometrists. <br>Methods: A retrospective study evaluating the diagnostic performance of an AI software (Pegasus v1.0, Visulytix Ltd., London UK) and comparing it to that of 243 European ophthalmologists and 208 British optometrists, as determined in previous studies, for the detection of glaucomatous optic neuropathy from 94 scanned stereoscopic photographic slides scanned into digital format. <br>Results: Pegasus was able to detect glaucomatous optic neuropathy with an accuracy of 83.4% (95% CI: 77.5-89.2). This is comparable to an average ophthalmologist accuracy of 80.5% (95% CI: 67.2-93.8) and average optometrist accuracy of 80% (95% CI: 67-88) on the same images. In addition, the AI system had an intra-observer agreement (Cohen's Kappa, $\kappa$) of 0.74 (95% CI: 0.63-0.85), compared to 0.70 (range: -0.13-1.00; 95% CI: 0.67-0.73) and 0.71 (range: 0.08-1.00) for ophthalmologists and optometrists, respectively. There was no statistically significant difference between the performance of the deep learning system and ophthalmologists or optometrists. There was no statistically significant difference between the performance of the deep learning system and ophthalmologists or optometrists. <br>Conclusion: The AI system obtained a diagnostic performance and repeatability comparable to that of the ophthalmologists and optometrists. We conclude that deep learning based AI systems, such as Pegasus, demonstrate significant promise in the assisted detection of glaucomatous optic neuropathy. 
### 26.Visual Diagnosis of Dermatological Disorders: Human and Machine Performance  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01256.pdf)
>  Skin conditions are a global health concern, ranking the fourth highest cause of nonfatal disease burden when measured as years lost due to disability. As diagnosing, or classifying, skin diseases can help determine effective treatment, dermatologists have extensively researched how to diagnose conditions from a patient's history and the lesion's visual appearance. Computer vision researchers are attempting to encode this diagnostic ability into machines, and several recent studies report machine level performance comparable with dermatologists. <br>This report reviews machine approaches to classify skin images and consider their performance when compared to human dermatologists. Following an overview of common image modalities, dermatologists' diagnostic approaches and common tasks, and publicly available datasets, we discuss approaches to machine skin lesion classification. We then review works that directly compare human and machine performance. Finally, this report addresses the limitations and sources of errors in image-based skin disease diagnosis, applicable to both machines and dermatologists in a teledermatology setting. 
### 27.Content Adaptive Optimization for Neural Image Compression  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01223.pdf)
>  The field of neural image compression has witnessed exciting progress as recently proposed architectures already surpass the established transform coding based approaches. While, so far, research has mainly focused on architecture and model improvements, in this work we explore content adaptive optimization. To this end, we introduce an iterative procedure which adapts the latent representation to the specific content we wish to compress while keeping the parameters of the network and the predictive model fixed. Our experiments show that this allows for an overall increase in rate-distortion performance, independently of the specific architecture used. Furthermore, we also evaluate this strategy in the context of adapting a pretrained network to other content that is different in visual appearance or resolution. Here, our experiments show that our adaptation strategy can largely close the gap as compared to models specifically trained for the given content while having the benefit that no additional data in the form of model parameter updates has to be transmitted. 
### 28.Triangulation Learning Network: from Monocular to Stereo 3D Object Detection  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01193.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of 3D object detection from stereo images, in which the key challenge is how to effectively utilize stereo information. Different from previous methods using pixel-level depth maps, we propose employing 3D anchors to explicitly construct object-level correspondences between the regions of interest in stereo images, from which the deep neural network learns to detect and triangulate the targeted object in 3D space. We also introduce a cost-efficient channel reweighting strategy that enhances representational features and weakens noisy signals to facilitate the learning process. All of these are flexibly integrated into a solid baseline detector that uses monocular images. We demonstrate that both the monocular baseline and the stereo triangulation learning network outperform the prior state-of-the-arts in 3D object detection and localization on the challenging KITTI dataset. 
### 29.Dynamic Neural Network Decoupling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01166.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved a superior performance by taking advantages of the complex network architectures and huge numbers of parameters, which however become uninterpretable and challenge their full potential to practical applications. Towards better understand the rationale behind the network decisions, we propose a novel architecture decoupling method, which dynamically discovers the hierarchical path consisting of activated filters for each input image. In particular, architecture controlling module is introduced in each layer to encode the network architecture and identify the activated filters corresponding to the specific input. Then, mutual information between architecture encoding and the attribute of input image is maximized to decouple the network architecture, and subsequently disentangles the filters by limiting the outputs of filter during training. Extensive experiments show that several merits have been achieved based on the proposed architecture decoupling, i.e., interpretation, acceleration and adversarial attacking. 
### 30.Transfer Learning with intelligent training data selection for prediction of Alzheimer's Disease  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01160.pdf)
>  Detection of Alzheimer's Disease (AD) from neuroimaging data such as MRI through machine learning has been a subject of intense research in recent years. Recent success of deep learning in computer vision has progressed such research further. However, common limitations with such algorithms are reliance on a large number of training images, and requirement of careful optimization of the architecture of deep networks. In this paper, we attempt solving these issues with transfer learning, where the state-of-the-art VGG architecture is initialized with pre-trained weights from large benchmark datasets consisting of natural images. The network is then fine-tuned with layer-wise tuning, where only a pre-defined group of layers are trained on MRI images. To shrink the training data size, we employ image entropy to select the most informative slices. Through experimentation on the ADNI dataset, we show that with training size of 10 to 20 times smaller than the other contemporary methods, we reach state-of-the-art performance in AD vs. NC, AD vs. MCI, and MCI vs. NC classification problems, with a 4% and a 7% increase in accuracy over the state-of-the-art for AD vs. MCI and MCI vs. NC, respectively. We also provide detailed analysis of the effect of the intelligent training data selection method, changing the training size, and changing the number of layers to be fine-tuned. Finally, we provide Class Activation Maps (CAM) that demonstrate how the proposed model focuses on discriminative image regions that are neuropathologically relevant, and can help the healthcare practitioner in interpreting the model's decision making process. 
### 31.Learning Object Bounding Boxes for 3D Instance Segmentation on Point Clouds  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01140.pdf)
>  We propose a novel, conceptually simple and general framework for instance segmentation on 3D point clouds. Our method, called 3D-BoNet, follows the simple design philosophy of per-point multilayer perceptrons (MLPs). The framework directly regresses 3D bounding boxes for all instances in a point cloud, while simultaneously predicting a point-level mask for each instance. It consists of a backbone network followed by two parallel network branches for 1) bounding box regression and 2) point mask prediction. 3D-BoNet is single-stage, anchor-free and end-to-end trainable. Moreover, it is remarkably computationally efficient as, unlike existing approaches, it does not require any post-processing steps such as non-maximum suppression, feature sampling, clustering or voting. Extensive experiments show that our approach surpasses existing work on both ScanNet and S3DIS datasets while being approximately 10x more computationally efficient. Comprehensive ablation studies demonstrate the effectiveness of our design. 
### 32.Style Transfer With Adaptation to the Central Objects of the Scene  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01134.pdf)
>  Style transfer is a problem of rendering image with some content in the style of another image, for example a family photo in the style of a painting of some famous artist. The drawback of classical style transfer algorithm is that it imposes style uniformly on all parts of the content image, which perturbs central objects on the content image, such as faces or text, and makes them unrecognizable. This work proposes a novel style transfer algorithm which automatically detects central objects on the content image, generates spatial importance mask and imposes style non-uniformly: central objects are stylized less to preserve their recognizability and other parts of the image are stylized as usual to preserve the style. Three methods of automatic central object detection are proposed and evaluated qualitatively and via a user evaluation study. Both comparisons demonstrate higher quality of stylization compared to the classical style transfer method. 
### 33.Depth-Preserving Real-Time Arbitrary Style Transfer  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01123.pdf)
>  Style transfer is the process of rendering one image with some content in the style of another image, representing the style. Recent studies of Liu et al. (2017) have shown significant improvement of style transfer rendering quality by adjusting traditional methods of Gatys et al. (2016) and Johnson et al. (2016) with regularizer, forcing preservation of the depth map of the content image. However these traditional methods are either computationally inefficient or require training a separate neural network for new style. AdaIN method of Huang et al. (2017) allows efficient transferring of arbitrary style without training a separate model but is not able to reproduce the depth map of the content image. We propose an extension to this method, allowing depth map preservation. Qualitative analysis and results of user evaluation study indicate that the proposed method provides better stylizations, compared to the original style transfer methods of Gatys et al. (2016) and Huang et al. (2017). 
### 34.Random Path Selection for Incremental Learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01120.pdf)
>  Incremental life-long learning is a main challenge towards the long-standing goal of Artificial General Intelligence. In real-life settings, learning tasks arrive in a sequence and machine learning models must continually learn to increment already acquired knowledge. Existing incremental learning approaches, fall well below the state-of-the-art cumulative models that use all training classes at once. In this paper, we propose a random path selection algorithm, called RPSnet, that progressively chooses optimal paths for the new tasks while encouraging parameter sharing and reuse. Our approach avoids the overhead introduced by computationally expensive evolutionary and reinforcement learning based path selection strategies while achieving considerable performance gains. As an added novelty, the proposed model integrates knowledge distillation and retrospection along with the path selection strategy to overcome catastrophic forgetting. In order to maintain an equilibrium between previous and newly acquired knowledge, we propose a simple controller to dynamically balance the model plasticity. Through extensive experiments, we demonstrate that the proposed method surpasses the state-of-the-art performance on incremental learning and by utilizing parallel computation this method can run in constant time with nearly the same efficiency as a conventional deep convolutional neural network. 
### 35.Resolving Overlapping Convex Objects in Silhouette Images by Concavity Analysis and Gaussian Process  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01049.pdf)
>  Segmentation of overlapping convex objects has various applications, for example, in nanoparticles and cell imaging. Often the segmentation method has to rely purely on edges between the background and foreground making the analyzed images essentially silhouette images. Therefore, to segment the objects, the method needs to be able to resolve the overlaps between multiple objects by utilizing prior information about the shape of the objects. This paper introduces a novel method for segmentation of clustered partially overlapping convex objects in silhouette images. The proposed method involves three main steps: pre-processing, contour evidence extraction, and contour estimation. Contour evidence extraction starts by recovering contour segments from a binarized image by detecting concave points. After this, the contour segments which belong to the same objects are grouped. The grouping is formulated as a combinatorial optimization problem and solved using the branch and bound algorithm. Finally, the full contours of the objects are estimated by a Gaussian process regression method. The experiments on a challenging dataset consisting of nanoparticles demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms three current state-of-art approaches in overlapping convex objects segmentation. The method relies only on edge information and can be applied to any segmentation problems where the objects are partially overlapping and have a convex shape. 
### 36.A Hybrid RNN-HMM Approach for Weakly Supervised Temporal Action Segmentation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01028.pdf)
>  Action recognition has become a rapidly developing research field within the last decade. But with the increasing demand for large scale data, the need of hand annotated data for the training becomes more and more impractical. One way to avoid frame-based human annotation is the use of action order information to learn the respective action classes. In this context, we propose a hierarchical approach to address the problem of weakly supervised learning of human actions from ordered action labels by structuring recognition in a coarse-to-fine manner. Given a set of videos and an ordered list of the occurring actions, the task is to infer start and end frames of the related action classes within the video and to train the respective action classifiers without any need for hand labeled frame boundaries. We address this problem by combining a framewise RNN model with a coarse probabilistic inference. This combination allows for the temporal alignment of long sequences and thus, for an iterative training of both elements. While this system alone already generates good results, we show that the performance can be further improved by approximating the number of subactions to the characteristics of the different action classes as well as by the introduction of a regularizing length prior. The proposed system is evaluated on two benchmark datasets, the Breakfast and the Hollywood extended dataset, showing a competitive performance on various weak learning tasks such as temporal action segmentation and action alignment. 
### 37.Mining YouTube - A dataset for learning fine-grained action concepts from webly supervised video data  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01012.pdf)
>  Action recognition is so far mainly focusing on the problem of classification of hand selected preclipped actions and reaching impressive results in this field. But with the performance even ceiling on current datasets, it also appears that the next steps in the field will have to go beyond this fully supervised classification. One way to overcome those problems is to move towards less restricted scenarios. In this context we present a large-scale real-world dataset designed to evaluate learning techniques for human action recognition beyond hand-crafted datasets. To this end we put the process of collecting data on its feet again and start with the annotation of a test set of 250 cooking videos. The training data is then gathered by searching for the respective annotated classes within the subtitles of freely available videos. The uniqueness of the dataset is attributed to the fact that the whole process of collecting the data and training does not involve any human intervention. To address the problem of semantic inconsistencies that arise with this kind of training data, we further propose a semantical hierarchical structure for the mined classes. 
### 38.Comparing two- and three-view Computer Vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01003.pdf)
>  To reconstruct the points in three dimensional space, we need at least two images. In this paper we compared two different methods: the first uses only two images, the second one uses three. During the research we measured how camera resolution, camera angles and camera distances influence the number of reconstructed points and the dispersion of them. The paper presents that using the two-view method, we can reconstruct significantly more points than using the other one, but the dispersion of points is smaller if we use the three-view method. Taking into consideration the different camera settings, we can say that both the two- and three-view method behaves the same, and the best parameters are also the same for both methods. 
### 39.Evaluating Scalable Bayesian Deep Learning Methods for Robust Computer Vision  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01620.pdf)
>  While Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have become the go-to approach in computer vision, the vast majority of these models fail to properly capture the uncertainty inherent in their predictions. Estimating this predictive uncertainty can be crucial, for instance in automotive applications. In Bayesian deep learning, predictive uncertainty is often decomposed into the distinct types of aleatoric and epistemic uncertainty. The former can be estimated by letting a DNN output the parameters of a probability distribution. Epistemic uncertainty estimation is a more challenging problem, and while different scalable methods recently have emerged, no comprehensive comparison has been performed in a real-world setting. We therefore accept this task and propose an evaluation framework for predictive uncertainty estimation that is specifically designed to test the robustness required in real-world computer vision applications. Using the proposed framework, we perform an extensive comparison of the popular ensembling and MC-dropout methods on the tasks of depth completion and street-scene semantic segmentation. Our comparison suggests that ensembling consistently provides more reliable uncertainty estimates. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/fregu856/evaluating_bdl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 40.GAMMA: A General Agent Motion Prediction Model for Autonomous Driving  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01566.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving in mixed traffic requires reliable motion prediction of nearby traffic agents such as pedestrians, bicycles, cars, buses, etc.. This prediction problem is extremely challenging because of the diverse dynamics and geometry of traffic agents, complex road conditions, and intensive interactions between them. In this paper, we proposed GAMMA, a general agent motion prediction model for autonomous driving, that can predict the motion of heterogeneous traffic agents with different kinematics, geometry, etc., and generate multiple hypotheses of trajectories by inferring about human agents' inner states. GAMMA formalizes motion prediction as a geometric optimization problem in the velocity space, and integrates physical constraints and human inner states into this unified framework. Our results show that GAMMA outperforms both traditional and deep learning approaches significantly on diverse real-world datasets. 
### 41.The PhotoBook Dataset: Building Common Ground through Visually-Grounded Dialogue  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01530.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the PhotoBook dataset, a large-scale collection of visually-grounded, task-oriented dialogues in English designed to investigate shared dialogue history accumulating during conversation. Taking inspiration from seminal work on dialogue analysis, we propose a data-collection task formulated as a collaborative game prompting two online participants to refer to images utilising both their visual context as well as previously established referring expressions. We provide a detailed description of the task setup and a thorough analysis of the 2,500 dialogues collected. To further illustrate the novel features of the dataset, we propose a baseline model for reference resolution which uses a simple method to take into account shared information accumulated in a reference chain. Our results show that this information is particularly important to resolve later descriptions and underline the need to develop more sophisticated models of common ground in dialogue interaction. 
### 42.Generative Adversarial Networks: A Survey and Taxonomy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01529.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have been extensively studied in the past few years. Arguably the revolutionary techniques are in the area of computer vision such as plausible image generation, image to image translation, facial attribute manipulation and similar domains. Despite the significant success achieved in computer vision field, applying GANs over real-world problems still have three main challenges: (1) High quality image generation; (2) Diverse image generation; and (3) Stable training. Considering numerous GAN-related research in the literature, we provide a study on the architecture-variants and loss-variants, which are proposed to handle these three challenges from two perspectives. We propose loss and architecture-variants for classifying most popular GANs, and discuss the potential improvements with focusing on these two aspects. While several reviews for GANs have been presented, there is no work focusing on the review of GAN-variants based on handling challenges mentioned above. In this paper, we review and critically discuss 7 architecture-variant GANs and 9 loss-variant GANs for remedying those three challenges. The objective of this review is to provide an insight on the footprint that current GANs research focuses on the performance improvement. Code related to GAN-variants studied in this work is summarized on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sheqi/GAN_Review" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. 
### 43.PCA-driven Hybrid network design for enabling Intelligence at the Edge  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01493.pdf)
>  The recent advent of IOT has increased the demand for enabling AI-based edge computing in several applications including healthcare monitoring systems, autonomous vehicles etc. This has necessitated the search for efficient implementations of neural networks in terms of both computation and storage. Although extreme quantization has proven to be a powerful tool to achieve significant compression over full-precision networks, it can result in significant degradation in performance for complex image classification tasks. In this work, we propose a Principal Component Analysis (PCA) driven methodology to design mixed-precision, hybrid networks. Unlike standard practices of using PCA for dimensionality reduction, we leverage PCA to identify significant layers in a binary network which contribute relevant transformations on the input data by increasing the number of significant dimensions. Subsequently, we propose Hybrid-Net, a network with increased bit-precision of the weights and activations of the significant layers in a binary network. We show that the proposed Hybrid-Net achieves over 10% improvement in classification accuracy over binary networks such as XNOR-Net for ResNet and VGG architectures on CIFAR-100 and ImageNet datasets while still achieving upto 94% of the energy-efficiency of XNOR-Nets. The proposed design methodology allows us to move closer to the accuracy of standard full-precision networks by keeping more than half of the network binary. This work demonstrates an effective, one-shot methodology for designing hybrid, mixed-precision networks which significantly improve the classification performance of binary networks while attaining remarkable compression. The proposed hybrid networks further the feasibility of using highly compressed neural networks for energy-efficient neural computing in IOT-based edge devices. 
### 44.What do AI algorithms actually learn? - On false structures in deep learning  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01478.pdf)
>  There are two big unsolved mathematical questions in artificial intelligence (AI): (1) Why is deep learning so successful in classification problems and (2) why are neural nets based on deep learning at the same time universally unstable, where the instabilities make the networks vulnerable to adversarial attacks. We present a solution to these questions that can be summed up in two words; false structures. Indeed, deep learning does not learn the original structures that humans use when recognising images (cats have whiskers, paws, fur, pointy ears, etc), but rather different false structures that correlate with the original structure and hence yield the success. However, the false structure, unlike the original structure, is unstable. The false structure is simpler than the original structure, hence easier to learn with less data and the numerical algorithm used in the training will more easily converge to the neural network that captures the false structure. We formally define the concept of false structures and formulate the solution as a conjecture. Given that trained neural networks always are computed with approximations, this conjecture can only be established through a combination of theoretical and computational results similar to how one establishes a postulate in theoretical physics (e.g. the speed of light is constant). Establishing the conjecture fully will require a vast research program characterising the false structures. We provide the foundations for such a program establishing the existence of the false structures in practice. Finally, we discuss the far reaching consequences the existence of the false structures has on state-of-the-art AI and Smale's 18th problem. 
### 45.What, Where and How to Transfer in SAR Target Recognition Based on Deep CNNs  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01379.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) have attracted much attention in remote sensing recently. Compared with the large-scale annotated dataset in natural images, the lack of labeled data in remote sensing becomes an obstacle to train a deep network very well, especially in SAR image interpretation. Transfer learning provides an effective way to solve this problem by borrowing the knowledge from the source task to the target task. In optical remote sensing application, a prevalent mechanism is to fine-tune on an existing model pre-trained with a large-scale natural image dataset, such as ImageNet. However, this scheme does not achieve satisfactory performance for SAR application because of the prominent discrepancy between SAR and optical images. In this paper, we attempt to discuss three issues that are seldom studied before in detail: (1) what network and source tasks are better to transfer to SAR targets, (2) in which layer are transferred features more generic to SAR targets and (3) how to transfer effectively to SAR targets recognition. Based on the analysis, a transitive transfer method via multi-source data with domain adaptation is proposed in this paper to decrease the discrepancy between the source data and SAR targets. Several experiments are conducted on OpenSARShip. The results indicate that the universal conclusions about transfer learning in natural images cannot be completely applied to SAR targets, and the analysis of what and where to transfer in SAR target recognition is helpful to decide how to transfer more effectively. 
### 46.Vision-Based Autonomous UAV Navigation and Landing for Urban Search and Rescue  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01304.pdf)
>  Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) equipped with bioradars are a life-saving technology that can enable identification of survivors under collapsed buildings in the aftermath of natural disasters such as earthquakes or gas explosions. However, these UAVs have to be able to autonomously navigate in disaster struck environments and land on debris piles in order to accurately locate the survivors. This problem is extremely challenging as pre-existing maps cannot be leveraged for navigation due to structural changes that may have occurred and existing landing site detection algorithms are not suitable to identify safe landing regions on debris piles. In this work, we present a computationally efficient system for autonomous UAV navigation and landing that does not require any prior knowledge about the environment. We propose a novel landing site detection algorithm that computes costmaps based on several hazard factors including terrain flatness, steepness, depth accuracy, and energy consumption information. We also introduce a first-of-a-kind synthetic dataset of over 1.2 million images of collapsed buildings with groundtruth depth, surface normals, semantics and camera pose information. We demonstrate the efficacy of our system using experiments from a city scale hyperrealistic simulation environment and in real-world scenarios with collapsed buildings. 
### 47.Optimal Unsupervised Domain Translation  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01292.pdf)
>  Domain Translation is the problem of finding a meaningful correspondence between two domains. Since in a majority of settings paired supervision is not available, much work focuses on Unsupervised Domain Translation (UDT) where data samples from each domain are unpaired. Following the seminal work of CycleGAN for UDT, many variants and extensions of this model have been proposed. However, there is still little theoretical understanding behind their success. We observe that these methods yield solutions which are approximately minimal w.r.t. a given transportation cost, leading us to reformulate the problem in the Optimal Transport (OT) framework. This viewpoint gives us a new perspective on Unsupervised Domain Translation and allows us to prove the existence and uniqueness of the retrieved mapping, given a large family of transport costs. We then propose a novel framework to efficiently compute optimal mappings in a dynamical setting. We show that it generalizes previous methods and enables a more explicit control over the computed optimal mapping. It also provides smooth interpolations between the two domains. Experiments on toy and real world datasets illustrate the behavior of our method. 
### 48.Information Competing Process for Learning Diversified Representations  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01288.pdf)
>  Learning representations with diversified information remains an open problem. Towards learning diversified representations, a new approach, termed Information Competing Process (ICP), is proposed in this paper. Aiming to enrich the information carried by feature representations, ICP separates a representation into two parts with different mutual information constraints. The separated parts are forced to accomplish the downstream task independently in a competitive environment which prevents the two parts from learning what each other learned for the downstream task. Such competing parts are then combined synergistically to complete the task. By fusing representation parts learned competitively under different conditions, ICP facilitates obtaining diversified representations which contain complementary information. Experiments on image classification and image reconstruction tasks demonstrate the great potential of ICP to learn discriminative and disentangled representations in both supervised and self-supervised learning settings. 
### 49.Learning Deep Image Priors for Blind Image Denoising  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01259.pdf)
>  Image denoising is the process of removing noise from noisy images, which is an image domain transferring task, i.e., from a single or several noise level domains to a photo-realistic domain. In this paper, we propose an effective image denoising method by learning two image priors from the perspective of domain alignment. We tackle the domain alignment on two levels. 1) the feature-level prior is to learn domain-invariant features for corrupted images with different level noise; 2) the pixel-level prior is used to push the denoised images to the natural image manifold. The two image priors are based on $\mathcal{H}$-divergence theory and implemented by learning classifiers in adversarial training manners. We evaluate our approach on multiple datasets. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach for robust image denoising on both synthetic and real-world noisy images. Furthermore, we show that the feature-level prior is capable of alleviating the discrepancy between different level noise. It can be used to improve the blind denoising performance in terms of distortion measures (PSNR and SSIM), while pixel-level prior can effectively improve the perceptual quality to ensure the realistic outputs, which is further validated by subjective evaluation. 
### 50.Knowledge is Never Enough: Towards Web Aided Deep Open World Recognition  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01258.pdf)
>  While today's robots are able to perform sophisticated tasks, they can only act on objects they have been trained to recognize. This is a severe limitation: any robot will inevitably see new objects in unconstrained settings, and thus will always have visual knowledge gaps. However, standard visual modules are usually built on a limited set of classes and are based on the strong prior that an object must belong to one of those classes. Identifying whether an instance does not belong to the set of known categories (i.e. open set recognition), only partially tackles this problem, as a truly autonomous agent should be able not only to detect what it does not know, but also to extend dynamically its knowledge about the world. We contribute to this challenge with a deep learning architecture that can dynamically update its known classes in an end-to-end fashion. The proposed deep network, based on a deep extension of a non-parametric model, detects whether a perceived object belongs to the set of categories known by the system and learns it without the need to retrain the whole system from scratch. Annotated images about the new category can be provided by an 'oracle' (i.e. human supervision), or by autonomous mining of the Web. Experiments on two different databases and on a robot platform demonstrate the promise of our approach. 
### 51.A Strong and Robust Baseline for Text-Image Matching  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01205.pdf)
>  We review the current schemes of text-image matching models and propose improvements for both training and inference. First, we empirically show limitations of two popular loss (sum and max-margin loss) widely used in training text-image embeddings and propose a trade-off: a kNN-margin loss which 1) utilizes information from hard negatives and 2) is robust to noise as all $K$-most hardest samples are taken into account, tolerating \emph{pseudo} negatives and outliers. Second, we advocate the use of Inverted Softmax (\textsc{Is}) and Cross-modal Local Scaling (\textsc{Csls}) during inference to mitigate the so-called hubness problem in high-dimensional embedding space, enhancing scores of all metrics by a large margin. 
### 52.Representation Theoretic Patterns in Multi-Frequency Class Averaging for Three-Dimensional Cryo-Electron Microscopy  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01082.pdf)
>  We develop in this paper a novel intrinsic classification algorithm -- multi-frequency class averaging (MFCA) -- for clustering noisy projection images obtained from three-dimensional cryo-electron microscopy (cryo-EM) by the similarity among their viewing directions. This new algorithm leverages multiple irreducible representations of the unitary group to introduce additional redundancy into the representation of the transport data, extending and outperforming the previous class averaging algorithm of Hadani and Singer [Foundations of Computational Mathematics, 11 (5), pp. 589--616 (2011)] that uses only a single representation. The formal algebraic model and representation theoretic patterns of the proposed MFCA algorithm extend the framework of Hadani and Singer to arbitrary irreducible representations of the unitary group. We conceptually establish the consistency and stability of MFCA by inspecting the spectral properties of a generalized localized parallel transport operator on the two-dimensional unit sphere through the lens of Wigner matrices. We demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed algorithm with numerical experiments. 
### 53.A Curated Image Parameter Dataset from Solar Dynamics Observatory Mission  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01062.pdf)
>  We provide a large image parameter dataset extracted from the Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) mission's AIA instrument, for the period of January 2011 through the current date, with the cadence of six minutes, for nine wavelength channels. The volume of the dataset for each year is just short of 1 TiB. Towards achieving better results in the region classification of active regions and coronal holes, we improve upon the performance of a set of ten image parameters, through an in depth evaluation of various assumptions that are necessary for calculation of these image parameters. Then, where possible, a method for finding an appropriate settings for the parameter calculations was devised, as well as a validation task to show our improved results. In addition, we include comparisons of JP2 and FITS image formats using supervised classification models, by tuning the parameters specific to the format of the images from which they are extracted, and specific to each wavelength. The results of these comparisons show that utilizing JP2 images, which are significantly smaller files, is not detrimental to the region classification task that these parameters were originally intended for. Finally, we compute the tuned parameters on the AIA images and provide a public API (<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://dmlab.cs.gsu.edu/dmlabapi" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>) to access the dataset. This dataset can be used in a range of studies on AIA images, such as content-based image retrieval or tracking of solar events, where dimensionality reduction on the images is necessary for feasibility of the tasks. 
### 54.Deep 3D Convolutional Neural Network for Automated Lung Cancer Diagnosis  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01054.pdf)
>  Computer Aided Diagnosis has emerged as an indispensible technique for validating the opinion of radiologists in CT interpretation. This paper presents a deep 3D Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture for automated CT scan-based lung cancer detection system. It utilizes three dimensional spatial information to learn highly discriminative 3 dimensional features instead of 2D features like texture or geometric shape whick need to be generated manually. The proposed deep learning method automatically extracts the 3D features on the basis of spatio-temporal statistics.The developed model is end-to-end and is able to predict malignancy of each voxel for given input scan. Simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness of proposed 3D CNN network for classification of lung nodule in-spite of limited computational capabilities. 
### 55.Correctness Verification of Neural Networks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01030.pdf)
>  We present the first verification that a neural network produces a correct output within a specified tolerance for every input of interest. We define correctness relative to a specification which identifies 1) a state space consisting of all relevant states of the world and 2) an observation process that produces neural network inputs from the states of the world. Tiling the state and input spaces with a finite number of tiles, obtaining ground truth bounds from the state tiles and network output bounds from the input tiles, then comparing the ground truth and network output bounds delivers an upper bound on the network output error for any input of interest. Results from a case study highlight the ability of our technique to deliver tight error bounds for all inputs of interest and show how the error bounds vary over the state and input spaces. 
### 56.Low-rank Random Tensor for Bilinear Pooling  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01004.pdf)
>  Bilinear pooling is capable of extracting high-order information from data, which makes it suitable for fine-grained visual understanding and information fusion. Despite their effectiveness in various applications, bilinear models with massive number of parameters can easily suffer from curse of dimensionality and intractable computation. In this paper, we propose a novel bilinear model based on low-rank random tensors. The key idea is to effectively combine low-rank tensor decomposition and random projection to reduce the number of parameters while preserving the model representativeness. From the theoretical perspective, we prove that our bilinear model with random tensors can estimate feature maps to reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces (RKHSs) with compositional kernels, grounding the high-dimensional feature fusion with theoretical foundations. From the application perspective, our low-rank tensor operation is lightweight, and can be integrated into standard neural network architectures to enable high-order information fusion. We perform extensive experiments to show that the use of our model leads to state-of-the-art performance on several challenging fine-grained action parsing benchmarks. 
### 57.Functional Adversarial Attacks  [ pdf ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00001.pdf)
>  We propose functional adversarial attacks, a novel class of threat models for crafting adversarial examples to fool machine learning models. Unlike a standard $\ell_p$-ball threat model, a functional adversarial threat model allows only a single function to be used to perturb input features to produce an adversarial example. For example, a functional adversarial attack applied on colors of an image can change all red pixels simultaneously to light red. Such global uniform changes in images can be less perceptible than perturbing pixels of the image individually. For simplicity, we refer to functional adversarial attacks on image colors as ReColorAdv, which is the main focus of our experiments. We show that functional threat models can be combined with existing additive ($\ell_p$) threat models to generate stronger threat models that allow both small, individual perturbations and large, uniform changes to an input. Moreover, we prove that such combinations encompass perturbations that would not be allowed in either constituent threat model. In practice, ReColorAdv can significantly reduce the accuracy of a ResNet-32 trained on CIFAR-10. Furthermore, to the best of our knowledge, combining ReColorAdv with other attacks leads to the strongest existing attack even after adversarial training. 
