# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 12 Oct 2021
### 1.Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation via Adaptive Equalization Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05474.pdf)
>  Due to the limited and even imbalanced data, semi-supervised semantic segmentation tends to have poor performance on some certain categories, e.g., tailed categories in Cityscapes dataset which exhibits a long-tailed label distribution. Existing approaches almost all neglect this problem, and treat categories equally. Some popular approaches such as consistency regularization or pseudo-labeling may even harm the learning of under-performing categories, that the predictions or pseudo labels of these categories could be too inaccurate to guide the learning on the unlabeled data. In this paper, we look into this problem, and propose a novel framework for semi-supervised semantic segmentation, named adaptive equalization learning (AEL). AEL adaptively balances the training of well and badly performed categories, with a confidence bank to dynamically track category-wise performance during training. The confidence bank is leveraged as an indicator to tilt training towards under-performing categories, instantiated in three strategies: 1) adaptive Copy-Paste and CutMix data augmentation approaches which give more chance for under-performing categories to be copied or cut; 2) an adaptive data sampling approach to encourage pixels from under-performing category to be sampled; 3) a simple yet effective re-weighting method to alleviate the training noise raised by pseudo-labeling. Experimentally, AEL outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by a large margin on the Cityscapes and Pascal VOC benchmarks under various data partition protocols. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hzhupku/SemiSeg-AEL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 2.Differentiable Stereopsis: Meshes from multiple views using differentiable rendering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05472.pdf)
>  We propose Differentiable Stereopsis, a multi-view stereo approach that reconstructs shape and texture from few input views and noisy cameras. We pair traditional stereopsis and modern differentiable rendering to build an end-to-end model which predicts textured 3D meshes of objects with varying topologies and shape. We frame stereopsis as an optimization problem and simultaneously update shape and cameras via simple gradient descent. We run an extensive quantitative analysis and compare to traditional multi-view stereo techniques and state-of-the-art learning based methods. We show compelling reconstructions on challenging real-world scenes and for an abundance of object types with complex shape, topology and texture. Project webpage: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://shubham-goel.github.io/ds/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 3.Learning Realistic Human Reposing using Cyclic Self-Supervision with 3D Shape, Pose, and Appearance Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05458.pdf)
>  Synthesizing images of a person in novel poses from a single image is a highly ambiguous task. Most existing approaches require paired training images; i.e. images of the same person with the same clothing in different poses. However, obtaining sufficiently large datasets with paired data is challenging and costly. Previous methods that forego paired supervision lack realism. We propose a self-supervised framework named SPICE (Self-supervised Person Image CrEation) that closes the image quality gap with supervised methods. The key insight enabling self-supervision is to exploit 3D information about the human body in several ways. First, the 3D body shape must remain unchanged when reposing. Second, representing body pose in 3D enables reasoning about self occlusions. Third, 3D body parts that are visible before and after reposing, should have similar appearance features. Once trained, SPICE takes an image of a person and generates a new image of that person in a new target pose. SPICE achieves state-of-the-art performance on the DeepFashion dataset, improving the FID score from 29.9 to 7.8 compared with previous unsupervised methods, and with performance similar to the state-of-the-art supervised method (6.4). SPICE also generates temporally coherent videos given an input image and a sequence of poses, despite being trained on static images only.      
### 4.Towards Streaming Egocentric Action Anticipation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05386.pdf)
>  Egocentric action anticipation is the task of predicting the future actions a camera wearer will likely perform based on past video observations. While in a real-world system it is fundamental to output such predictions before the action begins, past works have not generally paid attention to model runtime during evaluation. Indeed, current evaluation schemes assume that predictions can be made offline, and hence that computational resources are not limited. In contrast, in this paper, we propose a ``streaming'' egocentric action anticipation evaluation protocol which explicitly considers model runtime for performance assessment, assuming that predictions will be available only after the current video segment is processed, which depends on the processing time of a method. Following the proposed evaluation scheme, we benchmark different state-of-the-art approaches for egocentric action anticipation on two popular datasets. Our analysis shows that models with a smaller runtime tend to outperform heavier models in the considered streaming scenario, thus changing the rankings generally observed in standard offline evaluations. Based on this observation, we propose a lightweight action anticipation model consisting in a simple feed-forward 3D CNN, which we propose to optimize using knowledge distillation techniques and a custom loss. The results show that the proposed approach outperforms prior art in the streaming scenario, also in combination with other lightweight models.      
### 5.SignBERT: Pre-Training of Hand-Model-Aware Representation for Sign Language Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05382.pdf)
>  Hand gesture serves as a critical role in sign language. Current deep-learning-based sign language recognition (SLR) methods may suffer insufficient interpretability and overfitting due to limited sign data sources. In this paper, we introduce the first self-supervised pre-trainable SignBERT with incorporated hand prior for SLR. SignBERT views the hand pose as a visual token, which is derived from an off-the-shelf pose extractor. The visual tokens are then embedded with gesture state, temporal and hand chirality information. To take full advantage of available sign data sources, SignBERT first performs self-supervised pre-training by masking and reconstructing visual tokens. Jointly with several mask modeling strategies, we attempt to incorporate hand prior in a model-aware method to better model hierarchical context over the hand sequence. Then with the prediction head added, SignBERT is fine-tuned to perform the downstream SLR task. To validate the effectiveness of our method on SLR, we perform extensive experiments on four public benchmark datasets, i.e., NMFs-CSL, SLR500, MSASL and WLASL. Experiment results demonstrate the effectiveness of both self-supervised learning and imported hand prior. Furthermore, we achieve state-of-the-art performance on all benchmarks with a notable gain.      
### 6.Point Cloud Augmentation with Weighted Local Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05379.pdf)
>  Despite the extensive usage of point clouds in 3D vision, relatively limited data are available for training deep neural networks. Although data augmentation is a standard approach to compensate for the scarcity of data, it has been less explored in the point cloud literature. In this paper, we propose a simple and effective augmentation method called PointWOLF for point cloud augmentation. The proposed method produces smoothly varying non-rigid deformations by locally weighted transformations centered at multiple anchor points. The smooth deformations allow diverse and realistic augmentations. Furthermore, in order to minimize the manual efforts to search the optimal hyperparameters for augmentation, we present AugTune, which generates augmented samples of desired difficulties producing targeted confidence scores. Our experiments show our framework consistently improves the performance for both shape classification and part segmentation tasks. Particularly, with PointNet++, PointWOLF achieves the state-of-the-art 89.7 accuracy on shape classification with the real-world ScanObjectNN dataset.      
### 7.Semi-Autoregressive Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05342.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art approaches for image captioning typically adopt an autoregressive manner, i.e., generating descriptions word by word, which suffers from slow decoding issue and becomes a bottleneck in real-time applications. Non-autoregressive image captioning with continuous iterative refinement, which eliminates the sequential dependence in a sentence generation, can achieve comparable performance to the autoregressive counterparts with a considerable acceleration. Nevertheless, based on a well-designed experiment, we empirically proved that iteration times can be effectively reduced when providing sufficient prior knowledge for the language decoder. Towards that end, we propose a novel two-stage framework, referred to as Semi-Autoregressive Image Captioning (SAIC), to make a better trade-off between performance and speed. The proposed SAIC model maintains autoregressive property in global but relieves it in local. Specifically, SAIC model first jumpily generates an intermittent sequence in an autoregressive manner, that is, it predicts the first word in every word group in order. Then, with the help of the partially deterministic prior information and image features, SAIC model non-autoregressively fills all the skipped words with one iteration. Experimental results on the MS COCO benchmark demonstrate that our SAIC model outperforms the preceding non-autoregressive image captioning models while obtaining a competitive inference speedup. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/feizc/SAIC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.Revitalizing CNN Attentions via Transformers in Self-Supervised Visual Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05340.pdf)
>  Studies on self-supervised visual representation learning (SSL) improve encoder backbones to discriminate training samples without labels. While CNN encoders via SSL achieve comparable recognition performance to those via supervised learning, their network attention is under-explored for further improvement. Motivated by the transformers that explore visual attention effectively in recognition scenarios, we propose a CNN Attention REvitalization (CARE) framework to train attentive CNN encoders guided by transformers in SSL. The proposed CARE framework consists of a CNN stream (C-stream) and a transformer stream (T-stream), where each stream contains two branches. C-stream follows an existing SSL framework with two CNN encoders, two projectors, and a predictor. T-stream contains two transformers, two projectors, and a predictor. T-stream connects to CNN encoders and is in parallel to the remaining C-Stream. During training, we perform SSL in both streams simultaneously and use the T-stream output to supervise C-stream. The features from CNN encoders are modulated in T-stream for visual attention enhancement and become suitable for the SSL scenario. We use these modulated features to supervise C-stream for learning attentive CNN encoders. To this end, we revitalize CNN attention by using transformers as guidance. Experiments on several standard visual recognition benchmarks, including image classification, object detection, and semantic segmentation, show that the proposed CARE framework improves CNN encoder backbones to the state-of-the-art performance.      
### 9.Learnable Adaptive Cosine Estimator (LACE) for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05324.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a new loss to improve feature discriminability and classification performance. Motivated by the adaptive cosine/coherence estimator (ACE), our proposed method incorporates angular information that is inherently learned by artificial neural networks. Our learnable ACE (LACE) transforms the data into a new ``whitened" space that improves the inter-class separability and intra-class compactness. We compare our LACE to alternative state-of-the art softmax-based and feature regularization approaches. Our results show that the proposed method can serve as a viable alternative to cross entropy and angular softmax approaches. Our code is publicly available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GatorSense/LACE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Efficient Training of High-Resolution Representation Seismic Image Fault Segmentation Network by Weakening Anomaly Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05319.pdf)
>  Seismic data fault detection has recently been regarded as a 3D image segmentation task. The nature of fault structures in seismic image makes it difficult to manually label faults. Manual labeling often has many false negative labels (abnormal labels), which will seriously harm the training process. In this work, we find that region-based loss significantly outperforms distribution-based loss when dealing with falsenegative labels, therefore we propose Mask Dice loss (MD loss), which is the first reported region-based loss function for training 3D image segmentation models using sparse 2D slice labels. In addition, fault is an edge feature, and the current network widely used for fault segmentation downsamples the features multiple times, which is not conducive to edge characterization and thus requires many parameters and computational effort to preserve the features. We propose Fault-Net, which always maintains the high-resolution features of seismic images, and the inference process preserves the edge information of faults and performs effective feature fusion to achieve high-quality fault segmentation with only a few parameters and computational effort. Experimental results show that MD loss can clearly weaken the effect of anomalous labels. The Fault-Net parameter is only 0.42MB, support up to 528^3(1.5x10^8, Float32) size cuboid inference on 16GB video ram, and its inference speed on CPU and GPU is significantly faster than other networks, but the result of our method is the state-of-the-art in the FORCE fault identification competition.      
### 11.Multi-institutional Validation of Two-Streamed Deep Learning Method for Automated Delineation of Esophageal Gross Tumor Volume using planning-CT and FDG-PETCT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05280.pdf)
>  Background: The current clinical workflow for esophageal gross tumor volume (GTV) contouring relies on manual delineation of high labor-costs and interuser variability. Purpose: To validate the clinical applicability of a deep learning (DL) multi-modality esophageal GTV contouring model, developed at 1 institution whereas tested at multiple ones. Methods and Materials: We collected 606 esophageal cancer patients from four institutions. 252 institution-1 patients had a treatment planning-CT (pCT) and a pair of diagnostic FDG-PETCT; 354 patients from other 3 institutions had only pCT. A two-streamed DL model for GTV segmentation was developed using pCT and PETCT scans of a 148 patient institution-1 subset. This built model had the flexibility of segmenting GTVs via only pCT or pCT+PETCT combined. For independent evaluation, the rest 104 institution-1 patients behaved as unseen internal testing, and 354 institutions 2-4 patients were used for external testing. We evaluated manual revision degrees by human experts to assess the contour-editing effort. The performance of the deep model was compared against 4 radiation oncologists in a multiuser study with 20 random external patients. Contouring accuracy and time were recorded for the pre-and post-DL assisted delineation process. Results: Our model achieved high segmentation accuracy in internal testing (mean Dice score: 0.81 using pCT and 0.83 using pCT+PET) and generalized well to external evaluation (mean DSC: 0.80). Expert assessment showed that the predicted contours of 88% patients need only minor or no revision. In multi-user evaluation, with the assistance of a deep model, inter-observer variation and required contouring time were reduced by 37.6% and 48.0%, respectively. Conclusions: Deep learning predicted GTV contours were in close agreement with the ground truth and could be adopted clinically with mostly minor or no changes.      
### 12.Investigating Transfer Learning Capabilities of Vision Transformers and CNNs by Fine-Tuning a Single Trainable Block  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05270.pdf)
>  In recent developments in the field of Computer Vision, a rise is seen in the use of transformer-based architectures. They are surpassing the state-of-the-art set by CNN architectures in accuracy but on the other hand, they are computationally very expensive to train from scratch. As these models are quite recent in the Computer Vision field, there is a need to study it's transfer learning capabilities and compare it with CNNs so that we can understand which architecture is better when applied to real world problems with small data. In this work, we follow a simple yet restrictive method for fine-tuning both CNN and Transformer models pretrained on ImageNet1K on CIFAR-10 and compare them with each other. We only unfreeze the last transformer/encoder or last convolutional block of a model and freeze all the layers before it while adding a simple MLP at the end for classification. This simple modification lets us use the raw learned weights of both these neural networks. From our experiments, we find out that transformers-based architectures not only achieve higher accuracy than CNNs but some transformers even achieve this feat with around 4 times lesser number of parameters.      
### 13.Evaluating generative networks using Gaussian mixtures of image features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05240.pdf)
>  We develop a measure for evaluating the performance of generative networks given two sets of images. A popular performance measure currently used to do this is the Fréchet Inception Distance (FID). However, FID assumes that images featurized using the penultimate layer of Inception-v3 follow a Gaussian distribution. This assumption allows FID to be easily computed, since FID uses the 2-Wasserstein distance of two Gaussian distributions fitted to the featurized images. However, we show that Inception-v3 features of the ImageNet dataset are not Gaussian; in particular, each marginal is not Gaussian. To remedy this problem, we model the featurized images using Gaussian mixture models (GMMs) and compute the 2-Wasserstein distance restricted to GMMs. We define a performance measure, which we call WaM, on two sets of images by using Inception-v3 (or another classifier) to featurize the images, estimate two GMMs, and use the restricted 2-Wasserstein distance to compare the GMMs. We experimentally show the advantages of WaM over FID, including how FID is more sensitive than WaM to image perturbations. By modelling the non-Gaussian features obtained from Inception-v3 as GMMs and using a GMM metric, we can more accurately evaluate generative network performance.      
### 14.Combining Image Features and Patient Metadata to Enhance Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05239.pdf)
>  In this work, we compare the performance of six state-of-the-art deep neural networks in classification tasks when using only image features, to when these are combined with patient metadata. We utilise transfer learning from networks pretrained on ImageNet to extract image features from the ISIC HAM10000 dataset prior to classification. Using several classification performance metrics, we evaluate the effects of including metadata with the image features. Furthermore, we repeat our experiments with data augmentation. Our results show an overall enhancement in performance of each network as assessed by all metrics, only noting degradation in a vgg16 architecture. Our results indicate that this performance enhancement may be a general property of deep networks and should be explored in other areas. Moreover, these improvements come at a negligible additional cost in computation time, and therefore are a practical method for other applications.      
### 15.High-order Tensor Pooling with Attention for Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05216.pdf)
>  We aim at capturing high-order statistics of feature vectors formed by a neural network, and propose end-to-end second- and higher-order pooling to form a tensor descriptor. Tensor descriptors require a robust similarity measure due to low numbers of aggregated vectors and the burstiness phenomenon, when a given feature appears more/less frequently than statistically expected. We show that the Heat Diffusion Process (HDP) on a graph Laplacian is closely related to the Eigenvalue Power Normalization (EPN) of the covariance/auto-correlation matrix, whose inverse forms a loopy graph Laplacian. We show that the HDP and the EPN play the same role, i.e., to boost or dampen the magnitude of the eigenspectrum thus preventing the burstiness. Finally, we equip higher-order tensors with EPN which acts as a spectral detector of higher-order occurrences to prevent burstiness. We prove that for a tensor of order r built from d dimensional feature descriptors, such a detector gives the likelihood if at least one higher-order occurrence is `projected' into one of binom(d,r) subspaces represented by the tensor; thus forming a tensor power normalization metric endowed with binom(d,r) such `detectors'.      
### 16.Supervision Exists Everywhere: A Data Efficient Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training Paradigm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05208.pdf)
>  Recently, large-scale Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training (CLIP) has attracted unprecedented attention for its impressive zero-shot recognition ability and excellent transferability to downstream tasks. However, CLIP is quite data-hungry and requires 400M image-text pairs for pre-training, thereby restricting its adoption. This work proposes a novel training paradigm, Data efficient CLIP (DeCLIP), to alleviate this limitation. We demonstrate that by carefully utilizing the widespread supervision among the image-text pairs, our De-CLIP can learn generic visual features more efficiently. Instead of using the single image-text contrastive supervision, we fully exploit data potential through the use of (1) self-supervision within each modality; (2) multi-view supervision across modalities; (3) nearest-neighbor supervision from other similar pairs. Benefiting from intrinsic supervision, our DeCLIP-ResNet50 can achieve 60.4% zero-shot top1 accuracy on ImageNet, which is 0.8% above the CLIP-ResNet50 while using 7.1 x fewer data. Our DeCLIP-ResNet50 outperforms its counterpart in 8 out of 11 visual datasets when transferred to downstream tasks. Moreover, Scaling up the model and computing also works well in our framework.Our code, dataset and models are released at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Sense-GVT/DeCLIP" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 17.CLIP4Caption ++: Multi-CLIP for Video Caption  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05204.pdf)
>  This report describes our solution to the VALUE Challenge 2021 in the captioning task. Our solution, named CLIP4Caption++, is built on X-Linear/X-Transformer, which is an advanced model with encoder-decoder architecture. We make the following improvements on the proposed CLIP4Caption++: We employ an advanced encoder-decoder model architecture X-Transformer as our main framework and make the following improvements: 1) we utilize three strong pre-trained CLIP models to extract the text-related appearance visual features. 2) we adopt the TSN sampling strategy for data enhancement. 3) we involve the video subtitle information to provide richer semantic information. 3) we introduce the subtitle information, which fuses with the visual features as guidance. 4) we design word-level and sentence-level ensemble strategies. Our proposed method achieves 86.5, 148.4, 64.5 CIDEr scores on VATEX, YC2C, and TVC datasets, respectively, which shows the superior performance of our proposed CLIP4Caption++ on all three datasets.      
### 18.TSG: Target-Selective Gradient Backprop for Probing CNN Visual Saliency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05182.pdf)
>  The explanation for deep neural networks has drawn extensive attention in the deep learning community over the past few years. In this work, we study the visual saliency, a.k.a. visual explanation, to interpret convolutional neural networks. Compared to iteration based saliency methods, single backward pass based saliency methods benefit from faster speed and are widely used in downstream visual tasks. Thus our work focuses on single backward pass approaches. However, existing methods in this category struggle to successfully produce fine-grained saliency maps concentrating on specific target classes. That said, producing faithful saliency maps satisfying both target-selectiveness and fine-grainedness using a single backward pass is a challenging problem in the field. To mitigate this problem, we revisit the gradient flow inside the network, and find that the entangled semantics and original weights may disturb the propagation of target-relevant saliency. Inspired by those observations, we propose a novel visual saliency framework, termed Target-Selective Gradient (TSG) backprop, which leverages rectification operations to effectively emphasize target classes and further efficiently propagate the saliency to the input space, thereby generating target-selective and fine-grained saliency maps. The proposed TSG consists of two components, namely, TSG-Conv and TSG-FC, which rectify the gradients for convolutional layers and fully-connected layers, respectively. Thorough qualitative and quantitative experiments on ImageNet and Pascal VOC show that the proposed framework achieves more accurate and reliable results than other competitive methods.      
### 19.Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation with Regional Contrastive Consistency Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05170.pdf)
>  Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) aims to bridge the domain shift between the labeled source domain and the unlabeled target domain. However, most existing works perform the global-level feature alignment for semantic segmentation, while the local consistency between the regions has been largely neglected, and these methods are less robust to changing of outdoor environments. Motivated by the above facts, we propose a novel and fully end-to-end trainable approach, called regional contrastive consistency regularization (RCCR) for domain adaptive semantic segmentation. Our core idea is to pull the similar regional features extracted from the same location of different images to be closer, and meanwhile push the features from the different locations of the two images to be separated. We innovatively propose momentum projector heads, where the teacher projector is the exponential moving average of the student. Besides, we present a region-wise contrastive loss with two sampling strategies to realize effective regional consistency. Finally, a memory bank mechanism is designed to learn more robust and stable region-wise features under varying environments. Extensive experiments on two common UDA benchmarks, i.e., GTAV to Cityscapes and SYNTHIA to Cityscapes, demonstrate that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 20.Beyond Accuracy: A Consolidated Tool for Visual Question Answering Benchmarking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05159.pdf)
>  On the way towards general Visual Question Answering (VQA) systems that are able to answer arbitrary questions, the need arises for evaluation beyond single-metric leaderboards for specific datasets. To this end, we propose a browser-based benchmarking tool for researchers and challenge organizers, with an API for easy integration of new models and datasets to keep up with the fast-changing landscape of VQA. Our tool helps test generalization capabilities of models across multiple datasets, evaluating not just accuracy, but also performance in more realistic real-world scenarios such as robustness to input noise. Additionally, we include metrics that measure biases and uncertainty, to further explain model behavior. Interactive filtering facilitates discovery of problematic behavior, down to the data sample level. As proof of concept, we perform a case study on four models. We find that state-of-the-art VQA models are optimized for specific tasks or datasets, but fail to generalize even to other in-domain test sets, for example they cannot recognize text in images. Our metrics allow us to quantify which image and question embeddings provide most robustness to a model. All code is publicly available.      
### 21.ViSeRet: A simple yet effective approach to moment retrieval via fine-grained video segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05146.pdf)
>  Video-text retrieval has many real-world applications such as media analytics, surveillance, and robotics. This paper presents the 1st place solution to the video retrieval track of the ICCV VALUE Challenge 2021. We present a simple yet effective approach to jointly tackle two video-text retrieval tasks (video retrieval and video corpus moment retrieval) by leveraging the model trained only on the video retrieval task. In addition, we create an ensemble model that achieves the new state-of-the-art performance on all four datasets (TVr, How2r, YouCook2r, and VATEXr) presented in the VALUE Challenge.      
### 22.Sim2Air - Synthetic aerial dataset for UAV monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05145.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a novel approach to generate a synthetic aerial dataset for application in UAV monitoring. We propose to accentuate shape-based object representation by applying texture randomization. A diverse dataset with photorealism in all parameters such as shape, pose, lighting, scale, viewpoint, etc. except for atypical textures is created in a 3D modelling software Blender. Our approach specifically targets two conditions in aerial images where texture of objects is difficult to detect, namely illumination changes and objects occupying only a small portion of the image. Experimental evaluation confirmed our approach by increasing the mAP value by 17 and 3.7 points on two test datasets of real images. In analysing domain similarity, we conclude that the more the generalisation capability is put to the test, the more obvious are the advantages of the shape-based representation.      
### 23.The Center of Attention: Center-Keypoint Grouping via Attention for Multi-Person Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05132.pdf)
>  We introduce CenterGroup, an attention-based framework to estimate human poses from a set of identity-agnostic keypoints and person center predictions in an image. Our approach uses a transformer to obtain context-aware embeddings for all detected keypoints and centers and then applies multi-head attention to directly group joints into their corresponding person centers. While most bottom-up methods rely on non-learnable clustering at inference, CenterGroup uses a fully differentiable attention mechanism that we train end-to-end together with our keypoint detector. As a result, our method obtains state-of-the-art performance with up to 2.5x faster inference time than competing bottom-up methods. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/dvl-tum/center-group" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 24.Pano-AVQA: Grounded Audio-Visual Question Answering on 360$^\circ$ Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05122.pdf)
>  360$^\circ$ videos convey holistic views for the surroundings of a scene. It provides audio-visual cues beyond pre-determined normal field of views and displays distinctive spatial relations on a sphere. However, previous benchmark tasks for panoramic videos are still limited to evaluate the semantic understanding of audio-visual relationships or spherical spatial property in surroundings. We propose a novel benchmark named Pano-AVQA as a large-scale grounded audio-visual question answering dataset on panoramic videos. Using 5.4K 360$^\circ$ video clips harvested online, we collect two types of novel question-answer pairs with bounding-box grounding: spherical spatial relation QAs and audio-visual relation QAs. We train several transformer-based models from Pano-AVQA, where the results suggest that our proposed spherical spatial embeddings and multimodal training objectives fairly contribute to a better semantic understanding of the panoramic surroundings on the dataset.      
### 25.An automated threshold Edge Drawing algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05119.pdf)
>  Parameter choosing in classical edge detection algorithms can be a costly and complex task. Choosing the correct parameters can improve considerably the resulting edge-map. In this paper we present a version of Edge Drawing algorithm in which we include an automated threshold choosing step. To better highlight the effect of this additional step we use different first order operators in the algorithm. Visual and statistical results are presented to sustain the benefits of the proposed automated threshold scheme.      
### 26.Multiple Object Trackers in OpenCV: A Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05102.pdf)
>  Object tracking is one of the most important and fundamental disciplines of Computer Vision. Many Computer Vision applications require specific object tracking capabilities, including autonomous and smart vehicles, video surveillance, medical treatments, and many others. The OpenCV as one of the most popular libraries for Computer Vision includes several hundred Computer Vision algorithms. Object tracking tasks in the library can be roughly clustered in single and multiple object trackers. The library is widely used for real-time applications, but there are a lot of unanswered questions such as when to use a specific tracker, how to evaluate its performance, and for what kind of objects will the tracker yield the best results? In this paper, we evaluate 7 trackers implemented in OpenCV against the MOT20 dataset. The results are shown based on Multiple Object Tracking Accuracy (MOTA) and Multiple Object Tracking Precision (MOTP) metrics.      
### 27.SurroundNet: Towards Effective Low-Light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05098.pdf)
>  Although Convolution Neural Networks (CNNs) has made substantial progress in the low-light image enhancement task, one critical problem of CNNs is the paradox of model complexity and performance. This paper presents a novel SurroundNet which only involves less than 150$K$ parameters (about 80-98 percent size reduction compared to SOTAs) and achieves very competitive performance. The proposed network comprises several Adaptive Retinex Blocks (ARBlock), which can be viewed as a novel extension of Single Scale Retinex in feature space. The core of our ARBlock is an efficient illumination estimation function called Adaptive Surround Function (ASF). It can be regarded as a general form of surround functions and be implemented by convolution layers. In addition, we also introduce a Low-Exposure Denoiser (LED) to smooth the low-light image before the enhancement. We evaluate the proposed method on the real-world low-light dataset. Experimental results demonstrate that the superiority of our submitted SurroundNet in both performance and network parameters against State-of-the-Art low-light image enhancement methods. Code is available at https: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/ouc-ocean-group/SurroundNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 28.Adaptively Multi-view and Temporal Fusing Transformer for 3D Human Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05092.pdf)
>  In practical application, 3D Human Pose Estimation (HPE) is facing with several variable elements, involving the number of views, the length of the video sequence, and whether using camera calibration. To this end, we propose a unified framework named Multi-view and Temporal Fusing Transformer (MTF-Transformer) to adaptively handle varying view numbers and video length without calibration. MTF-Transformer consists of Feature Extractor, Multi-view Fusing Transformer (MFT), and Temporal Fusing Transformer (TFT). Feature Extractor estimates the 2D pose from each image and encodes the predicted coordinates and confidence into feature embedding for further 3D pose inference. It discards the image features and focuses on lifting the 2D pose into the 3D pose, making the subsequent modules computationally lightweight enough to handle videos. MFT fuses the features of a varying number of views with a relative-attention block. It adaptively measures the implicit relationship between each pair of views and reconstructs the features. TFT aggregates the features of the whole sequence and predicts 3D pose via a transformer, which is adaptive to the length of the video and takes full advantage of the temporal information. With these modules, MTF-Transformer handles different application scenes, varying from a monocular-single-image to multi-view-video, and the camera calibration is avoidable. We demonstrate quantitative and qualitative results on the Human3.6M, TotalCapture, and KTH Multiview Football II. Compared with state-of-the-art methods with camera parameters, experiments show that MTF-Transformer not only obtains comparable results but also generalizes well to dynamic capture with an arbitrary number of unseen views. Code is available in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lelexx/MTF-Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Deep Video Anomaly Detection: Opportunities and Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05086.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection is a popular and vital task in various research contexts, which has been studied for several decades. To ensure the safety of people's lives and assets, video surveillance has been widely deployed in various public spaces, such as crossroads, elevators, hospitals, banks, and even in private homes. Deep learning has shown its capacity in a number of domains, ranging from acoustics, images, to natural language processing. However, it is non-trivial to devise intelligent video anomaly detection systems cause anomalies significantly differ from each other in different application scenarios. There are numerous advantages if such intelligent systems could be realised in our daily lives, such as saving human resources in a large degree, reducing financial burden on the government, and identifying the anomalous behaviours timely and accurately. Recently, many studies on extending deep learning models for solving anomaly detection problems have emerged, resulting in beneficial advances in deep video anomaly detection techniques. In this paper, we present a comprehensive review of deep learning-based methods to detect the video anomalies from a new perspective. Specifically, we summarise the opportunities and challenges of deep learning models on video anomaly detection tasks, respectively. We put forth several potential future research directions of intelligent video anomaly detection system in various application domains. Moreover, we summarise the characteristics and technical problems in current deep learning methods for video anomaly detection.      
### 30.A Closer Look at Prototype Classifier for Few-shot Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05076.pdf)
>  The prototypical network is a prototype classifier based on meta-learning and is widely used for few-shot learning because it classifies unseen examples by constructing class-specific prototypes without adjusting hyper-parameters during meta-testing. Interestingly, recent research has attracted a lot of attention, showing that a linear classifier with fine-tuning, which does not use a meta-learning algorithm, performs comparably with the prototypical network. However, fine-tuning requires additional hyper-parameters when adapting a model to a new environment. In addition, although the purpose of few-shot learning is to enable the model to quickly adapt to a new environment, fine-tuning needs to be applied every time a new class appears, making fast adaptation difficult. In this paper, we analyze how a prototype classifier works equally well without fine-tuning and meta-learning. We experimentally found that directly using the feature vector extracted using standard pre-trained models to construct a prototype classifier in meta-testing does not perform as well as the prototypical network and linear classifiers with fine-tuning and feature vectors of pre-trained models. Thus, we derive a novel generalization bound for the prototypical network and show that focusing on the variance of the norm of a feature vector can improve performance. We experimentally investigated several normalization methods for minimizing the variance of the norm and found that the same performance can be obtained by using the L2 normalization and embedding space transformation without fine-tuning or meta-learning.      
### 31.DANIEL: A Fast and Robust Consensus Maximization Method for Point Cloud Registration with High Outlier Ratios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05075.pdf)
>  Correspondence-based point cloud registration is a cornerstone in geometric computer vision, robotics perception, photogrammetry and remote sensing, which seeks to estimate the best rigid transformation between two point clouds from the correspondences established over 3D keypoints. However, due to limited robustness and accuracy, current 3D keypoint matching techniques are very prone to yield outliers, probably even in very large numbers, making robust estimation for point cloud registration of great importance. Unfortunately, existing robust methods may suffer from high computational cost or insufficient robustness when encountering high (or even extreme) outlier ratios, hardly ideal enough for practical use. In this paper, we present a novel time-efficient RANSAC-type consensus maximization solver, named DANIEL (Double-layered sAmpliNg with consensus maximization based on stratIfied Element-wise compatibiLity), for robust registration. DANIEL is designed with two layers of random sampling, in order to find inlier subsets with the lowest computational cost possible. Specifically, we: (i) apply the rigidity constraint to prune raw outliers in the first layer of one-point sampling, (ii) introduce a series of stratified element-wise compatibility tests to conduct rapid compatibility checking between minimal models so as to realize more efficient consensus maximization in the second layer of two-point sampling, and (iii) probabilistic termination conditions are employed to ensure the timely return of the final inlier set. Based on a variety of experiments over multiple real datasets, we show that DANIEL is robust against over 99% outliers and also significantly faster than existing state-of-the-art robust solvers (e.g. RANSAC, FGR, GORE).      
### 32.VTBR: Semantic-based Pretraining for Person Re-Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05074.pdf)
>  Pretraining is a dominant paradigm in computer vision. Generally, supervised ImageNet pretraining is commonly used to initialize the backbones of person re-identification (Re-ID) models. However, recent works show a surprising result that ImageNet pretraining has limited impacts on Re-ID system due to the large domain gap between ImageNet and person Re-ID data. To seek an alternative to traditional pretraining, we manually construct a diversified FineGPR-C caption dataset for the first time on person Re-ID events. Based on it, we propose a pure semantic-based pretraining approach named VTBR, which uses dense captions to learn visual representations with fewer images. Specifically, we train convolutional networks from scratch on the captions of FineGPR-C dataset, and transfer them to downstream Re-ID tasks. Comprehensive experiments conducted on benchmarks show that our VTBR can achieve competitive performance compared with ImageNet pretraining -- despite using up to 1.4x fewer images, revealing its potential in Re-ID pretraining.      
### 33.Bridging the Gap between Label- and Reference-based Synthesis in Multi-attribute Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05055.pdf)
>  The image-to-image translation (I2IT) model takes a target label or a reference image as the input, and changes a source into the specified target domain. The two types of synthesis, either label- or reference-based, have substantial differences. Particularly, the label-based synthesis reflects the common characteristics of the target domain, and the reference-based shows the specific style similar to the reference. This paper intends to bridge the gap between them in the task of multi-attribute I2IT. We design the label- and reference-based encoding modules (LEM and REM) to compare the domain differences. They first transfer the source image and target label (or reference) into a common embedding space, by providing the opposite directions through the attribute difference vector. Then the two embeddings are simply fused together to form the latent code S_rand (or S_ref), reflecting the domain style differences, which is injected into each layer of the generator by SPADE. To link LEM and REM, so that two types of results benefit each other, we encourage the two latent codes to be close, and set up the cycle consistency between the forward and backward translations on them. Moreover, the interpolation between the S_rand and S_ref is also used to synthesize an extra image. Experiments show that label- and reference-based synthesis are indeed mutually promoted, so that we can have the diverse results from LEM, and high quality results with the similar style of the reference.      
### 34.LSC-GAN: Latent Style Code Modeling for Continuous Image-to-image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05052.pdf)
>  Image-to-image (I2I) translation is usually carried out among discrete domains. However, image domains, often corresponding to a physical value, are usually continuous. In other words, images gradually change with the value, and there exists no obvious gap between different domains. This paper intends to build the model for I2I translation among continuous varying domains. We first divide the whole domain coverage into discrete intervals, and explicitly model the latent style code for the center of each interval. To deal with continuous translation, we design the editing modules, changing the latent style code along two directions. These editing modules help to constrain the codes for domain centers during training, so that the model can better understand the relation among them. To have diverse results, the latent style code is further diversified with either the random noise or features from the reference image, giving the individual style code to the decoder for label-based or reference-based synthesis. Extensive experiments on age and viewing angle translation show that the proposed method can achieve high-quality results, and it is also flexible for users.      
### 35.Biometric Template Protection for Neural-Network-based Face Recognition Systems: A Survey of Methods and Evaluation Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05044.pdf)
>  This paper presents a survey of biometric template protection (BTP) methods for securing face templates in neural-network-based face recognition systems. The BTP methods are categorised into two types: Non-NN and NN-learned. Non-NN methods use a neural network (NN) as a feature extractor, but the BTP part is based on a non-NN algorithm applied at image-level or feature-level. In contrast, NN-learned methods specifically employ a NN to learn a protected template from the unprotected face image/features. We present examples of Non-NN and NN-learned face BTP methods from the literature, along with a discussion of the two categories' comparative strengths and weaknesses. We also investigate the techniques used to evaluate these BTP methods, in terms of the three most common criteria: recognition accuracy, irreversibility, and renewability/unlinkability. As expected, the recognition accuracy of protected face recognition systems is generally evaluated using the same (empirical) techniques employed for evaluating standard (unprotected) biometric systems. On the contrary, most irreversibility and renewability/unlinkability evaluations are based on theoretical assumptions/estimates or verbal implications, with no empirical validation in a practical face recognition context. So, we recommend a greater focus on empirical evaluation strategies, to provide more concrete insights into the irreversibility and renewability/unlinkability of face BTP methods in practice. An exploration of the reproducibility of the studied BTP works, in terms of the public availability of their implementation code and evaluation datasets/procedures, suggests that it would currently be difficult for the BTP community to faithfully replicate (and thus validate) most of the reported findings. So, we advocate for a push towards reproducibility, in the hope of furthering our understanding of the face BTP research field.      
### 36.EDFace-Celeb-1M: Benchmarking Face Hallucination with a Million-scale Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05031.pdf)
>  Recent deep face hallucination methods show stunning performance in super-resolving severely degraded facial images, even surpassing human ability. However, these algorithms are mainly evaluated on non-public synthetic datasets. It is thus unclear how these algorithms perform on public face hallucination datasets. Meanwhile, most of the existing datasets do not well consider the distribution of races, which makes face hallucination methods trained on these datasets biased toward some specific races. To address the above two problems, in this paper, we build a public Ethnically Diverse Face dataset, EDFace-Celeb-1M, and design a benchmark task for face hallucination. Our dataset includes 1.7 million photos that cover different countries, with balanced race composition. To the best of our knowledge, it is the largest and publicly available face hallucination dataset in the wild. Associated with this dataset, this paper also contributes various evaluation protocols and provides comprehensive analysis to benchmark the existing state-of-the-art methods. The benchmark evaluations demonstrate the performance and limitations of state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 37.Boosting Fast Adversarial Training with Learnable Adversarial Initialization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05007.pdf)
>  Adversarial training (AT) has been demonstrated to be effective in improving model robustness by leveraging adversarial examples for training. However, most AT methods are in face of expensive time and computational cost for calculating gradients at multiple steps in generating adversarial examples. To boost training efficiency, fast gradient sign method (FGSM) is adopted in fast AT methods by calculating gradient only once. Unfortunately, the robustness is far from satisfactory. One reason may arise from the initialization fashion. Existing fast AT generally uses a random sample-agnostic initialization, which facilitates the efficiency yet hinders a further robustness improvement. Up to now, the initialization in fast AT is still not extensively explored. In this paper, we boost fast AT with a sample-dependent adversarial initialization, i.e., an output from a generative network conditioned on a benign image and its gradient information from the target network. As the generative network and the target network are optimized jointly in the training phase, the former can adaptively generate an effective initialization with respect to the latter, which motivates gradually improved robustness. Experimental evaluations on four benchmark databases demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method over state-of-the-art fast AT methods, as well as comparable robustness to advanced multi-step AT methods. The code is released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com//jiaxiaojunQAQ//FGSM-SDI" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Omnidata: A Scalable Pipeline for Making Multi-Task Mid-Level Vision Datasets from 3D Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04994.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a pipeline to parametrically sample and render multi-task vision datasets from comprehensive 3D scans from the real world. Changing the sampling parameters allows one to "steer" the generated datasets to emphasize specific information. In addition to enabling interesting lines of research, we show the tooling and generated data suffice to train robust vision models. <br>Common architectures trained on a generated starter dataset reached state-of-the-art performance on multiple common vision tasks and benchmarks, despite having seen no benchmark or non-pipeline data. The depth estimation network outperforms MiDaS and the surface normal estimation network is the first to achieve human-level performance for in-the-wild surface normal estimation -- at least according to one metric on the OASIS benchmark. <br>The Dockerized pipeline with CLI, the (mostly python) code, PyTorch dataloaders for the generated data, the generated starter dataset, download scripts and other utilities are available through our project website, https://omnidata.vision.      
### 39.Stereo Hybrid Event-Frame (SHEF) Cameras for 3D Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04988.pdf)
>  Stereo camera systems play an important role in robotics applications to perceive the 3D world. However, conventional cameras have drawbacks such as low dynamic range, motion blur and latency due to the underlying frame-based mechanism. Event cameras address these limitations as they report the brightness changes of each pixel independently with a fine temporal resolution, but they are unable to acquire absolute intensity information directly. Although integrated hybrid event-frame sensors (eg., DAVIS) are available, the quality of data is compromised by coupling at the pixel level in the circuit fabrication of such cameras. This paper proposes a stereo hybrid event-frame (SHEF) camera system that offers a sensor modality with separate high-quality pure event and pure frame cameras, overcoming the limitations of each separate sensor and allowing for stereo depth estimation. We provide a SHEF dataset targeted at evaluating disparity estimation algorithms and introduce a stereo disparity estimation algorithm that uses edge information extracted from the event stream correlated with the edge detected in the frame data. Our disparity estimation outperforms the state-of-the-art stereo matching algorithm on the SHEF dataset.      
### 40.Revisit Dictionary Learning for Video Compressive Sensing under the Plug-and-Play Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04966.pdf)
>  Aiming at high-dimensional (HD) data acquisition and analysis, snapshot compressive imaging (SCI) obtains the 2D compressed measurement of HD data with optical imaging systems and reconstructs HD data using compressive sensing algorithms. While the Plug-and-Play (PnP) framework offers an emerging solution to SCI reconstruction, its intrinsic denoising process is still a challenging problem. Unfortunately, existing denoisers in the PnP framework either suffer limited performance or require extensive training data. In this paper, we propose an efficient and effective shallow-learning-based algorithm for video SCI reconstruction. Revisiting dictionary learning methods, we empower the PnP framework with a new denoiser, the kernel singular value decomposition (KSVD). Benefited from the advent of KSVD, our algorithm retains a good trade-off among quality, speed, and training difficulty. On a variety of datasets, both quantitative and qualitative evaluations of our simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method. In comparison to a typical baseline using total variation, our method achieves around $2$ dB improvement in PSNR and 0.2 in SSIM. We expect that our proposed PnP-KSVD algorithm can serve as a new baseline for video SCI reconstruction.      
### 41.Label-Occurrence-Balanced Mixup for Long-tailed Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04964.pdf)
>  Mixup is a popular data augmentation method, with many variants subsequently proposed. These methods mainly create new examples via convex combination of random data pairs and their corresponding one-hot labels. However, most of them adhere to a random sampling and mixing strategy, without considering the frequency of label occurrence in the mixing process. When applying mixup to long-tailed data, a label suppression issue arises, where the frequency of label occurrence for each class is imbalanced and most of the new examples will be completely or partially assigned with head labels. The suppression effect may further aggravate the problem of data imbalance and lead to a poor performance on tail classes. To address this problem, we propose Label-Occurrence-Balanced Mixup to augment data while keeping the label occurrence for each class statistically balanced. In a word, we employ two independent class-balanced samplers to select data pairs and mix them to generate new data. We test our method on several long-tailed vision and sound recognition benchmarks. Experimental results show that our method significantly promotes the adaptability of mixup method to imbalanced data and achieves superior performance compared with state-of-the-art long-tailed learning methods.      
### 42.Performance Evaluation of Deep Transfer Learning on Multiclass Identification of Common Weed Species in Cotton Production Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04960.pdf)
>  Precision weed management offers a promising solution for sustainable cropping systems through the use of chemical-reduced/non-chemical robotic weeding techniques, which apply suitable control tactics to individual weeds. Therefore, accurate identification of weed species plays a crucial role in such systems to enable precise, individualized weed treatment. This paper makes a first comprehensive evaluation of deep transfer learning (DTL) for identifying common weeds specific to cotton production systems in southern United States. A new dataset for weed identification was created, consisting of 5187 color images of 15 weed classes collected under natural lighting conditions and at varied weed growth stages, in cotton fields during the 2020 and 2021 field seasons. We evaluated 27 state-of-the-art deep learning models through transfer learning and established an extensive benchmark for the considered weed identification task. DTL achieved high classification accuracy of F1 scores exceeding 95%, requiring reasonably short training time (less than 2.5 hours) across models. ResNet101 achieved the best F1-score of 99.1% whereas 14 out of the 27 models achieved F1 scores exceeding 98.0%. However, the performance on minority weed classes with few training samples was less satisfactory for models trained with a conventional, unweighted cross entropy loss function. To address this issue, a weighted cross entropy loss function was adopted, which achieved substantially improved accuracies for minority weed classes. Furthermore, a deep learning-based cosine similarity metrics was employed to analyze the similarity among weed classes, assisting in the interpretation of classifications. Both the codes for model benchmarking and the weed dataset are made publicly available, which expect to be be a valuable resource for future research in weed identification and beyond.      
### 43.BuildingNet: Learning to Label 3D Buildings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04955.pdf)
>  We introduce BuildingNet: (a) a large-scale dataset of 3D building models whose exteriors are consistently labeled, (b) a graph neural network that labels building meshes by analyzing spatial and structural relations of their geometric primitives. To create our dataset, we used crowdsourcing combined with expert guidance, resulting in 513K annotated mesh primitives, grouped into 292K semantic part components across 2K building models. The dataset covers several building categories, such as houses, churches, skyscrapers, town halls, libraries, and castles. We include a benchmark for evaluating mesh and point cloud labeling. Buildings have more challenging structural complexity compared to objects in existing benchmarks (e.g., ShapeNet, PartNet), thus, we hope that our dataset can nurture the development of algorithms that are able to cope with such large-scale geometric data for both vision and graphics tasks e.g., 3D semantic segmentation, part-based generative models, correspondences, texturing, and analysis of point cloud data acquired from real-world buildings. Finally, we show that our mesh-based graph neural network significantly improves performance over several baselines for labeling 3D meshes.      
### 44.Recurrent Attention Models with Object-centric Capsule Representation for Multi-object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04954.pdf)
>  The visual system processes a scene using a sequence of selective glimpses, each driven by spatial and object-based attention. These glimpses reflect what is relevant to the ongoing task and are selected through recurrent processing and recognition of the objects in the scene. In contrast, most models treat attention selection and recognition as separate stages in a feedforward process. Here we show that using capsule networks to create an object-centric hidden representation in an encoder-decoder model with iterative glimpse attention yields effective integration of attention and recognition. We evaluate our model on three multi-object recognition tasks; highly overlapping digits, digits among distracting clutter and house numbers, and show that it learns to effectively move its glimpse window, recognize and reconstruct the objects, all with only the classification as supervision. Our work takes a step toward a general architecture for how to integrate recurrent object-centric representation into the planning of attentional glimpses.      
### 45.Compact CNN Models for On-device Ocular-based User Recognition in Mobile Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04953.pdf)
>  A number of studies have demonstrated the efficacy of deep learning convolutional neural network (CNN) models for ocular-based user recognition in mobile devices. However, these high-performing networks have enormous space and computational complexity due to the millions of parameters and computations involved. These requirements make the deployment of deep learning models to resource-constrained mobile devices challenging. To this end, only a handful of studies based on knowledge distillation and patch-based models have been proposed to obtain compact size CNN models for ocular recognition in the mobile environment. In order to further advance the state-of-the-art, this study for the first time evaluates five neural network pruning methods and compares them with the knowledge distillation method for on-device CNN inference and mobile user verification using ocular images. Subject-independent analysis on VISOB and UPFR-Periocular datasets suggest the efficacy of layerwise magnitude-based pruning at a compression rate of 8 for mobile ocular-based authentication using ResNet50 as the base model. Further, comparison with the knowledge distillation suggests the efficacy of knowledge distillation over pruning methods in terms of verification accuracy and the real-time inference measured as deep feature extraction time on five mobile devices, namely, iPhone 6, iPhone X, iPhone XR, iPad Air 2 and iPad 7th Generation.      
### 46.BEV-Net: Assessing Social Distancing Compliance by Joint People Localization and Geometric Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04931.pdf)
>  Social distancing, an essential public health measure to limit the spread of contagious diseases, has gained significant attention since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. In this work, the problem of visual social distancing compliance assessment in busy public areas, with wide field-of-view cameras, is considered. A dataset of crowd scenes with people annotations under a bird's eye view (BEV) and ground truth for metric distances is introduced, and several measures for the evaluation of social distance detection systems are proposed. A multi-branch network, BEV-Net, is proposed to localize individuals in world coordinates and identify high-risk regions where social distancing is violated. BEV-Net combines detection of head and feet locations, camera pose estimation, a differentiable homography module to map image into BEV coordinates, and geometric reasoning to produce a BEV map of the people locations in the scene. Experiments on complex crowded scenes demonstrate the power of the approach and show superior performance over baselines derived from methods in the literature. Applications of interest for public health decision makers are finally discussed. Datasets, code and pretrained models are publicly available at GitHub.      
### 47.Increasing a microscope's effective field of view via overlapped imaging and machine learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04921.pdf)
>  This work demonstrates a multi-lens microscopic imaging system that overlaps multiple independent fields of view on a single sensor for high-efficiency automated specimen analysis. Automatic detection, classification and counting of various morphological features of interest is now a crucial component of both biomedical research and disease diagnosis. While convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have dramatically improved the accuracy of counting cells and sub-cellular features from acquired digital image data, the overall throughput is still typically hindered by the limited space-bandwidth product (SBP) of conventional microscopes. Here, we show both in simulation and experiment that overlapped imaging and co-designed analysis software can achieve accurate detection of diagnostically-relevant features for several applications, including counting of white blood cells and the malaria parasite, leading to multi-fold increase in detection and processing throughput with minimal reduction in accuracy.      
### 48.Morphable Detector for Object Detection on Demand  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04917.pdf)
>  Many emerging applications of intelligent robots need to explore and understand new environments, where it is desirable to detect objects of novel classes on the fly with minimum online efforts. This is an object detection on demand (ODOD) task. It is challenging, because it is impossible to annotate a large number of data on the fly, and the embedded systems are usually unable to perform back-propagation which is essential for training. Most existing few-shot detection methods are confronted here as they need extra training. We propose a novel morphable detector (MD), that simply "morphs" some of its changeable parameters online estimated from the few samples, so as to detect novel classes without any extra training. The MD has two sets of parameters, one for the feature embedding and the other for class representation (called "prototypes"). Each class is associated with a hidden prototype to be learned by integrating the visual and semantic embeddings. The learning of the MD is based on the alternate learning of the feature embedding and the prototypes in an EM-like approach which allows the recovery of an unknown prototype from a few samples of a novel class. Once an MD is learned, it is able to use a few samples of a novel class to directly compute its prototype to fulfill the online morphing process. We have shown the superiority of the MD in Pascal, COCO and FSOD datasets. The code is available <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Zhaoxiangyun/Morphable-Detector" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 49.Operationalizing Convolutional Neural Network Architectures for Prohibited Object Detection in X-Ray Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04906.pdf)
>  The recent advancement in deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) has brought insight into the automation of X-ray security screening for aviation security and beyond. Here, we explore the viability of two recent end-to-end object detection CNN architectures, Cascade R-CNN and FreeAnchor, for prohibited item detection by balancing processing time and the impact of image data compression from an operational viewpoint. Overall, we achieve maximal detection performance using a FreeAnchor architecture with a ResNet50 backbone, obtaining mean Average Precision (mAP) of 87.7 and 85.8 for using the OPIXray and SIXray benchmark datasets, showing superior performance over prior work on both. With fewer parameters and less training time, FreeAnchor achieves the highest detection inference speed of ~13 fps (3.9 ms per image). Furthermore, we evaluate the impact of lossy image compression upon detector performance. The CNN models display substantial resilience to the lossy compression, resulting in only a 1.1% decrease in mAP at the JPEG compression level of 50. Additionally, a thorough evaluation of data augmentation techniques is provided, including adaptions of MixUp and CutMix strategy as well as other standard transformations, further improving the detection accuracy.      
### 50.Modality-Guided Subnetwork for Salient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04904.pdf)
>  Recent RGBD-based models for saliency detection have attracted research attention. The depth clues such as boundary clues, surface normal, shape attribute, etc., contribute to the identification of salient objects with complicated scenarios. However, most RGBD networks require multi-modalities from the input side and feed them separately through a two-stream design, which inevitably results in extra costs on depth sensors and computation. To tackle these inconveniences, we present in this paper a novel fusion design named modality-guided subnetwork (MGSnet). It has the following superior designs: 1) Our model works for both RGB and RGBD data, and dynamically estimating depth if not available. Taking the inner workings of depth-prediction networks into account, we propose to estimate the pseudo-geometry maps from RGB input - essentially mimicking the multi-modality input. 2) Our MGSnet for RGB SOD results in real-time inference but achieves state-of-the-art performance compared to other RGB models. 3) The flexible and lightweight design of MGS facilitates the integration into RGBD two-streaming models. The introduced fusion design enables a cross-modality interaction to enable further progress but with a minimal cost.      
### 51.Synthetic Data for Multi-Parameter Camera-Based Physiological Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04902.pdf)
>  Synthetic data is a powerful tool in training data hungry deep learning algorithms. However, to date, camera-based physiological sensing has not taken full advantage of these techniques. In this work, we leverage a high-fidelity synthetics pipeline for generating videos of faces with faithful blood flow and breathing patterns. We present systematic experiments showing how physiologically-grounded synthetic data can be used in training camera-based multi-parameter cardiopulmonary sensing. We provide empirical evidence that heart and breathing rate measurement accuracy increases with the number of synthetic avatars in the training set. Furthermore, training with avatars with darker skin types leads to better overall performance than training with avatars with lighter skin types. Finally, we discuss the opportunities that synthetics present in the domain of camera-based physiological sensing and limitations that need to be overcome.      
### 52.Multi-Class Cell Detection Using Spatial Context Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04886.pdf)
>  In digital pathology, both detection and classification of cells are important for automatic diagnostic and prognostic tasks. Classifying cells into subtypes, such as tumor cells, lymphocytes or stromal cells is particularly challenging. Existing methods focus on morphological appearance of individual cells, whereas in practice pathologists often infer cell classes through their spatial context. In this paper, we propose a novel method for both detection and classification that explicitly incorporates spatial contextual information. We use the spatial statistical function to describe local density in both a multi-class and a multi-scale manner. Through representation learning and deep clustering techniques, we learn advanced cell representation with both appearance and spatial context. On various benchmarks, our method achieves better performance than state-of-the-arts, especially on the classification task.      
### 53.NViT: Vision Transformer Compression and Parameter Redistribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04869.pdf)
>  Transformers yield state-of-the-art results across many tasks. However, they still impose huge computational costs during inference. We apply global, structural pruning with latency-aware regularization on all parameters of the Vision Transformer (ViT) model for latency reduction. Furthermore, we analyze the pruned architectures and find interesting regularities in the final weight structure. Our discovered insights lead to a new architecture called NViT (Novel ViT), with a redistribution of where parameters are used. This architecture utilizes parameters more efficiently and enables control of the latency-accuracy trade-off. On ImageNet-1K, we prune the DEIT-Base (Touvron et al., 2021) model to a 2.6x FLOPs reduction, 5.1x parameter reduction, and 1.9x run-time speedup with only 0.07% loss in accuracy. We achieve more than 1% accuracy gain when compressing the base model to the throughput of the Small/Tiny variants. NViT gains 0.1-1.1% accuracy over the hand-designed DEIT family when trained from scratch, while being faster.      
### 54.Identity-Guided Face Generation with Multi-modal Contour Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04854.pdf)
>  Recent face generation methods have tried to synthesize faces based on the given contour condition, like a low-resolution image or a sketch. However, the problem of identity ambiguity remains unsolved, which usually occurs when the contour is too vague to provide reliable identity information (e.g., when its resolution is extremely low). In this work, we propose a framework that takes the contour and an extra image specifying the identity as the inputs, where the contour can be of various modalities, including the low-resolution image, sketch, and semantic label map. This task especially fits the situation of tracking the known criminals or making intelligent creations for entertainment. Concretely, we propose a novel dual-encoder architecture, in which an identity encoder extracts the identity-related feature, accompanied by a main encoder to obtain the rough contour information and further fuse all the information together. The encoder output is iteratively fed into a pre-trained StyleGAN generator until getting a satisfying result. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that achieves identity-guided face generation conditioned on multi-modal contour images. Moreover, our method can produce photo-realistic results with 1024$\times$1024 resolution. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/Jo4yh" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 55.Vectorization of Raster Manga by Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04830.pdf)
>  Manga is a popular Japanese-style comic form that consists of black-and-white stroke lines. Compared with images of real-world scenarios, the simpler textures and fewer color gradients of mangas are the extra natures that can be vectorized. In this paper, we propose Mang2Vec, the first approach for vectorizing raster mangas using Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL). Unlike existing learning-based works of image vectorization, we present a new view that considers an entire manga as a collection of basic primitives "stroke line", and the sequence of strokes lines can be deep decomposed for further vectorization. We train a designed DRL agent to produce the most suitable sequence of stroke lines, which is constrained to follow the visual feature of the target manga. Next, the control parameters of strokes are collected to translated to vector format. To improve our performances on visual quality and storage size, we further propose an SA reward to generate accurate stokes, and a pruning mechanism to avoid producing error and redundant strokes. Quantitative and qualitative experiments demonstrate that our Mang2Vec can produce impressive results and reaches the state-of-the-art level.      
### 56.FLAME: Facial Landmark Heatmap Activated Multimodal Gaze Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04828.pdf)
>  3D gaze estimation is about predicting the line of sight of a person in 3D space. Person-independent models for the same lack precision due to anatomical differences of subjects, whereas person-specific calibrated techniques add strict constraints on scalability. To overcome these issues, we propose a novel technique, Facial Landmark Heatmap Activated Multimodal Gaze Estimation (FLAME), as a way of combining eye anatomical information using eye landmark heatmaps to obtain precise gaze estimation without any person-specific calibration. Our evaluation demonstrates a competitive performance of about 10% improvement on benchmark datasets ColumbiaGaze and EYEDIAP. We also conduct an ablation study to validate our method.      
### 57.Haar Wavelet Feature Compression for Quantized Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04824.pdf)
>  Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) are widely used in a variety of applications, and can be seen as an unstructured version of standard Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). As in CNNs, the computational cost of GCNs for large input graphs (such as large point clouds or meshes) can be high and inhibit the use of these networks, especially in environments with low computational resources. To ease these costs, quantization can be applied to GCNs. However, aggressive quantization of the feature maps can lead to a significant degradation in performance. On a different note, Haar wavelet transforms are known to be one of the most effective and efficient approaches to compress signals. Therefore, instead of applying aggressive quantization to feature maps, we propose to utilize Haar wavelet compression and light quantization to reduce the computations and the bandwidth involved with the network. We demonstrate that this approach surpasses aggressive feature quantization by a significant margin, for a variety of problems ranging from node classification to point cloud classification and part and semantic segmentation.      
### 58.Better Pseudo-label: Joint Domain-aware Label and Dual-classifier for Semi-supervised Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04820.pdf)
>  With the goal of directly generalizing trained models to unseen target domains, domain generalization (DG), a newly proposed learning paradigm, has attracted considerable attention. Previous DG models usually require a sufficient quantity of annotated samples from observed source domains during training. In this paper, we relax this requirement about full annotation and investigate semi-supervised domain generalization (SSDG) where only one source domain is fully annotated along with the other domains totally unlabeled in the training process. With the challenges of tackling the domain gap between observed source domains and predicting unseen target domains, we propose a novel deep framework via joint domain-aware labels and dual-classifier to produce high-quality pseudo-labels. Concretely, to predict accurate pseudo-labels under domain shift, a domain-aware pseudo-labeling module is developed. Also, considering inconsistent goals between generalization and pseudo-labeling: former prevents overfitting on all source domains while latter might overfit the unlabeled source domains for high accuracy, we employ a dual-classifier to independently perform pseudo-labeling and domain generalization in the training process. Extensive results on publicly available DG benchmark datasets show the efficacy of our proposed SSDG method compared to the well-designed baselines and the state-of-the-art semi-supervised learning methods.      
### 59.Fast and Robust Structural Damage Analysis of Civil Infrastructure Using UAV Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04806.pdf)
>  The usage of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) in the context of structural health inspection is recently gaining tremendous popularity. Camera mounted UAVs enable the fast acquisition of a large number of images often used for mapping, 3D model reconstruction, and as an assisting tool for inspectors. Due to the number of images captured during large scale UAV surveys, a manual image-based inspection analysis of entire assets cannot be efficiently performed by qualified engineers. Additionally, comparing defects to past inspections requires the retrieval of relevant images which is often impractical without extensive metadata or computer-vision-based algorithms. <br>In this paper, we propose an end-to-end method for automated structural inspection damage analysis. Using automated object detection and segmentation we accurately localize defects, bridge utilities and elements. Next, given the high overlap in UAV imagery, points of interest are extracted, and defects are located and matched throughout the image database, considerably reducing data redundancy while maintaining a detailed record of the defects. <br>Our technique not only enables fast and robust damage analysis of UAV imagery, as we show herein, but is also effective for analyzing manually acquired images.      
### 60.Self-Supervised 3D Face Reconstruction via Conditional Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04800.pdf)
>  We present a conditional estimation (CEST) framework to learn 3D facial parameters from 2D single-view images by self-supervised training from videos. CEST is based on the process of analysis by synthesis, where the 3D facial parameters (shape, reflectance, viewpoint, and illumination) are estimated from the face image, and then recombined to reconstruct the 2D face image. In order to learn semantically meaningful 3D facial parameters without explicit access to their labels, CEST couples the estimation of different 3D facial parameters by taking their statistical dependency into account. Specifically, the estimation of any 3D facial parameter is not only conditioned on the given image, but also on the facial parameters that have already been derived. Moreover, the reflectance symmetry and consistency among the video frames are adopted to improve the disentanglement of facial parameters. Together with a novel strategy for incorporating the reflectance symmetry and consistency, CEST can be efficiently trained with in-the-wild video clips. Both qualitative and quantitative experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of CEST.      
### 61.6D-ViT: Category-Level 6D Object Pose Estimation via Transformer-based Instance Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04792.pdf)
>  This paper presents 6D-ViT, a transformer-based instance representation learning network, which is suitable for highly accurate category-level object pose estimation on RGB-D images. Specifically, a novel two-stream encoder-decoder framework is dedicated to exploring complex and powerful instance representations from RGB images, point clouds and categorical shape priors. For this purpose, the whole framework consists of two main branches, named Pixelformer and Pointformer. The Pixelformer contains a pyramid transformer encoder with an all-MLP decoder to extract pixelwise appearance representations from RGB images, while the Pointformer relies on a cascaded transformer encoder and an all-MLP decoder to acquire the pointwise geometric characteristics from point clouds. Then, dense instance representations (i.e., correspondence matrix, deformation field) are obtained from a multi-source aggregation network with shape priors, appearance and geometric information as input. Finally, the instance 6D pose is computed by leveraging the correspondence among dense representations, shape priors, and the instance point clouds. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate that the proposed 3D instance representation learning framework achieves state-of-the-art performance on both datasets, and significantly outperforms all existing methods.      
### 62.Digging Into Self-Supervised Learning of Feature Descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04773.pdf)
>  Fully-supervised CNN-based approaches for learning local image descriptors have shown remarkable results in a wide range of geometric tasks. However, most of them require per-pixel ground-truth keypoint correspondence data which is difficult to acquire at scale. To address this challenge, recent weakly- and self-supervised methods can learn feature descriptors from relative camera poses or using only synthetic rigid transformations such as homographies. In this work, we focus on understanding the limitations of existing self-supervised approaches and propose a set of improvements that combined lead to powerful feature descriptors. We show that increasing the search space from in-pair to in-batch for hard negative mining brings consistent improvement. To enhance the discriminativeness of feature descriptors, we propose a coarse-to-fine method for mining local hard negatives from a wider search space by using global visual image descriptors. We demonstrate that a combination of synthetic homography transformation, color augmentation, and photorealistic image stylization produces useful representations that are viewpoint and illumination invariant. The feature descriptors learned by the proposed approach perform competitively and surpass their fully- and weakly-supervised counterparts on various geometric benchmarks such as image-based localization, sparse feature matching, and image retrieval.      
### 63.Weakly Supervised Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04770.pdf)
>  Unsupervised visual representation learning has gained much attention from the computer vision community because of the recent achievement of contrastive learning. Most of the existing contrastive learning frameworks adopt the instance discrimination as the pretext task, which treating every single instance as a different class. However, such method will inevitably cause class collision problems, which hurts the quality of the learned representation. Motivated by this observation, we introduced a weakly supervised contrastive learning framework (WCL) to tackle this issue. Specifically, our proposed framework is based on two projection heads, one of which will perform the regular instance discrimination task. The other head will use a graph-based method to explore similar samples and generate a weak label, then perform a supervised contrastive learning task based on the weak label to pull the similar images closer. We further introduced a K-Nearest Neighbor based multi-crop strategy to expand the number of positive samples. Extensive experimental results demonstrate WCL improves the quality of self-supervised representations across different datasets. Notably, we get a new state-of-the-art result for semi-supervised learning. With only 1\% and 10\% labeled examples, WCL achieves 65\% and 72\% ImageNet Top-1 Accuracy using ResNet50, which is even higher than SimCLRv2 with ResNet101.      
### 64.Deep Learning Based Person Re-Identification Methods: A Survey and Outlook of Recent Works  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04764.pdf)
>  In recent years, with the increasing demand for public safety and the rapid development of intelligent surveillance networks, person re-identification (Re-ID) has become one of the hot research topics in the field of computer vision. Its main research goal is to retrieve persons with the same identity from different cameras. However, traditional person Re-ID methods require manual marking of person targets, which consumes a lot of labor costs. With the widespread application of deep neural networks in the field of computer vision, a large number of deep learning-based person Re-ID methods have emerged. To facilitate researchers to better understand the latest research results and future development trends in this field. Firstly, we compare traditional and deep learning-based person Re-ID methods, and present the main contributions of several person Re-ID surveys, and analyze their focused dimensions and shortcomings. Secondly, we focus on the current classic deep learning-based person Re-ID methods, including methods for deep metric learning, local feature learning, generate adversarial networks, sequence feature learning, and graph convolutional networks. Furthermore, we subdivide the above five categories according to their technique types, analyzing and comparing the experimental performance of part subcategories of the method. Finally, we discuss the challenges that remain in the field of person Re-ID field and prospects for future research directions.      
### 65.Unsupervised High-Fidelity Facial Texture Generation and Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04760.pdf)
>  Many methods have been proposed over the years to tackle the task of facial 3D geometry and texture recovery from a single image. Such methods often fail to provide high-fidelity texture without relying on 3D facial scans during training. In contrast, the complementary task of 3D facial generation has not received as much attention. As opposed to the 2D texture domain, where GANs have proven to produce highly realistic facial images, the more challenging 3D geometry domain has not yet caught up to the same levels of realism and diversity. <br>In this paper, we propose a novel unified pipeline for both tasks, generation of both geometry and texture, and recovery of high-fidelity texture. Our texture model is learned, in an unsupervised fashion, from natural images as opposed to scanned texture maps. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first such unified framework independent of scanned textures. <br>Our novel training pipeline incorporates a pre-trained 2D facial generator coupled with a deep feature manipulation methodology. By applying precise 3DMM fitting, we can seamlessly integrate our modeled textures into synthetically generated background images forming a realistic composition of our textured model with background, hair, teeth, and body. This enables us to apply transfer learning from the domain of 2D image generation, thus, benefiting greatly from the impressive results obtained in this domain. <br>We provide a comprehensive study on several recent methods comparing our model in generation and reconstruction tasks. As the extensive qualitative, as well as quantitative analysis, demonstrate, we achieve state-of-the-art results for both tasks.      
### 66.ZARTS: On Zero-order Optimization for Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04743.pdf)
>  Differentiable architecture search (DARTS) has been a popular one-shot paradigm for NAS due to its high efficiency. It introduces trainable architecture parameters to represent the importance of candidate operations and proposes first/second-order approximation to estimate their gradients, making it possible to solve NAS by gradient descent algorithm. However, our in-depth empirical results show that the approximation will often distort the loss landscape, leading to the biased objective to optimize and in turn inaccurate gradient estimation for architecture parameters. This work turns to zero-order optimization and proposes a novel NAS scheme, called ZARTS, to search without enforcing the above approximation. Specifically, three representative zero-order optimization methods are introduced: RS, MGS, and GLD, among which MGS performs best by balancing the accuracy and speed. Moreover, we explore the connections between RS/MGS and gradient descent algorithm and show that our ZARTS can be seen as a robust gradient-free counterpart to DARTS. Extensive experiments on multiple datasets and search spaces show the remarkable performance of our method. In particular, results on 12 benchmarks verify the outstanding robustness of ZARTS, where the performance of DARTS collapses due to its known instability issue. Also, we search on the search space of DARTS to compare with peer methods, and our discovered architecture achieves 97.54% accuracy on CIFAR-10 and 75.7% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet, which are state-of-the-art performance.      
### 67.LDC-Net: A Unified Framework for Localization, Detection and Counting in Dense Crowds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04727.pdf)
>  The rapid development in visual crowd analysis shows a trend to count people by positioning or even detecting, rather than simply summing a density map. It also enlightens us back to the essence of the field, detection to count, which can give more abundant crowd information and has more practical applications. However, some recent work on crowd localization and detection has two limitations: 1) The typical detection methods can not handle the dense crowds and a large variation in scale; 2) The density map heuristic methods suffer from performance deficiency in position and box prediction, especially in high density or large-size crowds. In this paper, we devise a tailored baseline for dense crowds location, detection, and counting from a new perspective, named as LDC-Net for convenience, which has the following features: 1) A strong but minimalist paradigm to detect objects by only predicting a location map and a size map, which endows an ability to detect in a scene with any capacity ($0 \sim 10,000+$ persons); 2) Excellent cross-scale ability in facing a large variation, such as the head ranging in $0 \sim 100,000+$ pixels; 3) Achieve superior performance in location and box prediction tasks, as well as a competitive counting performance compared with the density-based methods. Finally, the source code and pre-trained models will be released.      
### 68.Transformer-based Dual Relation Graph for Multi-label Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04722.pdf)
>  The simultaneous recognition of multiple objects in one image remains a challenging task, spanning multiple events in the recognition field such as various object scales, inconsistent appearances, and confused inter-class relationships. Recent research efforts mainly resort to the statistic label co-occurrences and linguistic word embedding to enhance the unclear semantics. Different from these researches, in this paper, we propose a novel Transformer-based Dual Relation learning framework, constructing complementary relationships by exploring two aspects of correlation, i.e., structural relation graph and semantic relation graph. The structural relation graph aims to capture long-range correlations from object context, by developing a cross-scale transformer-based architecture. The semantic graph dynamically models the semantic meanings of image objects with explicit semantic-aware constraints. In addition, we also incorporate the learnt structural relationship into the semantic graph, constructing a joint relation graph for robust representations. With the collaborative learning of these two effective relation graphs, our approach achieves new state-of-the-art on two popular multi-label recognition benchmarks, i.e., MS-COCO and VOC 2007 dataset.      
### 69.Sketch Me A Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04710.pdf)
>  Video creation has been an attractive yet challenging task for artists to explore. With the advancement of deep learning, recent works try to utilize deep convolutional neural networks to synthesize a video with the aid of a guiding video, and have achieved promising results. However, the acquisition of guiding videos, or other forms of guiding temporal information is costly expensive and difficult in reality. Therefore, in this work we introduce a new video synthesis task by employing two rough bad-drwan sketches only as input to create a realistic portrait video. A two-stage Sketch-to-Video model is proposed, which consists of two key novelties: 1) a feature retrieve and projection (FRP) module, which parititions the input sketch into different parts and utilizes these parts for synthesizing a realistic start or end frame and meanwhile generating rich semantic features, is designed to alleviate the sketch out-of-domain problem due to arbitrarily drawn free-form sketch styles by different users. 2) A motion projection followed by feature blending module, which projects a video (used only in training phase) into a motion space modeled by normal distribution and blends the motion variables with semantic features extracted above, is proposed to alleviate the guiding temporal information missing problem in the test phase. Experiments conducted on a combination of CelebAMask-HQ and VoxCeleb2 dataset well validate that, our method can acheive both good quantitative and qualitative results in synthesizing high-quality videos from two rough bad-drawn sketches.      
### 70.Fine-grained Identity Preserving Landmark Synthesis for Face Reenactment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04708.pdf)
>  Recent face reenactment works are limited by the coarse reference landmarks, leading to unsatisfactory identity preserving performance due to the distribution gap between the manipulated landmarks and those sampled from a real person. To address this issue, we propose a fine-grained identity-preserving landmark-guided face reenactment approach. The proposed method has two novelties. First, a landmark synthesis network which is designed to generate fine-grained landmark faces with more details. The network refines the manipulated landmarks and generates a smooth and gradually changing face landmark sequence with good identity preserving ability. Second, several novel loss functions including synthesized face identity preserving loss, foreground/background mask loss as well as boundary loss are designed, which aims at synthesizing clear and sharp high-quality faces. Experiments are conducted on our self-collected BeautySelfie and the public VoxCeleb1 datasets. The presented qualitative and quantitative results show that our method can reenact fine-grained higher quality faces with good ID-preserved appearance details, fewer artifacts and clearer boundaries than state-of-the-art works. Code will be released for reproduction.      
### 71.3D Object Detection Combining Semantic and Geometric Features from Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04704.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the combination of voxel-based methods and point-based methods, and propose a novel end-to-end two-stage 3D object detector named SGNet for point clouds scenes. The voxel-based methods voxelize the scene to regular grids, which can be processed with the current advanced feature learning frameworks based on convolutional layers for semantic feature learning. Whereas the point-based methods can better extract the geometric feature of the point due to the coordinate reservations. The combination of the two is an effective solution for 3D object detection from point clouds. However, most current methods use a voxel-based detection head with anchors for final classification and localization. Although the preset anchors cover the entire scene, it is not suitable for point clouds detection tasks with larger scenes and multiple categories due to the limitation of voxel size. In this paper, we propose a voxel-to-point module (VTPM) that captures semantic and geometric features. The VTPM is a Voxel-Point-Based Module that finally implements 3D object detection in point space, which is more conducive to the detection of small-size objects and avoids the presets of anchors in inference stage. In addition, a Confidence Adjustment Module (CAM) with the center-boundary-aware confidence attention is proposed to solve the misalignment between the predicted confidence and proposals in the regions of the interest (RoI) selection. The SGNet proposed in this paper has achieved state-of-the-art results for 3D object detection in the KITTI dataset, especially in the detection of small-size objects such as cyclists. Actually, as of September 19, 2021, for KITTI dataset, SGNet ranked 1st in 3D and BEV detection on cyclists with easy difficulty level, and 2nd in the 3D detection of moderate cyclists.      
### 72.Beyond Road Extraction: A Dataset for Map Update using Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04690.pdf)
>  The increasing availability of satellite and aerial imagery has sparked substantial interest in automatically updating street maps by processing aerial images. Until now, the community has largely focused on road extraction, where road networks are inferred from scratch from an aerial image. However, given that relatively high-quality maps exist in most parts of the world, in practice, inference approaches must be applied to update existing maps rather than infer new ones. With recent road extraction methods showing high accuracy, we argue that it is time to transition to the more practical map update task, where an existing map is updated by adding, removing, and shifting roads, without introducing errors in parts of the existing map that remain up-to-date. In this paper, we develop a new dataset called MUNO21 for the map update task, and show that it poses several new and interesting research challenges. We evaluate several state-of-the-art road extraction methods on MUNO21, and find that substantial further improvements in accuracy will be needed to realize automatic map update.      
### 73.K-Splits: Improved K-Means Clustering Algorithm to Automatically Detect the Number of Clusters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04660.pdf)
>  This paper introduces k-splits, an improved hierarchical algorithm based on k-means to cluster data without prior knowledge of the number of clusters. K-splits starts from a small number of clusters and uses the most significant data distribution axis to split these clusters incrementally into better fits if needed. Accuracy and speed are two main advantages of the proposed method. We experiment on six synthetic benchmark datasets plus two real-world datasets MNIST and Fashion-MNIST, to prove that our algorithm has excellent accuracy in finding the correct number of clusters under different conditions. We also show that k-splits is faster than similar methods and can even be faster than the standard k-means in lower dimensions. Finally, we suggest using k-splits to uncover the exact position of centroids and then input them as initial points to the k-means algorithm to fine-tune the results.      
### 74.Self-appearance-aided Differential Evolution for Motion Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04658.pdf)
>  Image animation transfers the motion of a driving video to a static object in a source image, while keeping the source identity unchanged. Great progress has been made in unsupervised motion transfer recently, where no labelled data or ground truth domain priors are needed. However, current unsupervised approaches still struggle when there are large motion or viewpoint discrepancies between the source and driving images. In this paper, we introduce three measures that we found to be effective for overcoming such large viewpoint changes. Firstly, to achieve more fine-grained motion deformation fields, we propose to apply Neural-ODEs for parametrizing the evolution dynamics of the motion transfer from source to driving. Secondly, to handle occlusions caused by large viewpoint and motion changes, we take advantage of the appearance flow obtained from the source image itself ("self-appearance"), which essentially "borrows" similar structures from other regions of an image to inpaint missing regions. Finally, our framework is also able to leverage the information from additional reference views which help to drive the source identity in spite of varying motion state. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-arts by a significant margin (~40%), across six benchmarks varying from human faces, human bodies to robots and cartoon characters. Model generality analysis indicates that our approach generalises the best across different object categories as well.      
### 75.Vector-quantized Image Modeling with Improved VQGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04627.pdf)
>  Pretraining language models with next-token prediction on massive text corpora has delivered phenomenal zero-shot, few-shot, transfer learning and multi-tasking capabilities on both generative and discriminative language tasks. Motivated by this success, we explore a Vector-quantized Image Modeling (VIM) approach that involves pretraining a Transformer to predict rasterized image tokens autoregressively. The discrete image tokens are encoded from a learned Vision-Transformer-based VQGAN (ViT-VQGAN). We first propose multiple improvements over vanilla VQGAN from architecture to codebook learning, yielding better efficiency and reconstruction fidelity. The improved ViT-VQGAN further improves vector-quantized image modeling tasks, including unconditional, class-conditioned image generation and unsupervised representation learning. When trained on ImageNet at 256x256 resolution, we achieve Inception Score (IS) of 175.1 and Fr'echet Inception Distance (FID) of 4.17, a dramatic improvement over the vanilla VQGAN, which obtains 70.6 and 17.04 for IS and FID, respectively. Based on ViT-VQGAN and unsupervised pretraining, we further evaluate the pretrained Transformer by averaging intermediate features, similar to Image GPT (iGPT). This ImageNet-pretrained VIM-L significantly beats iGPT-L on linear-probe accuracy from 60.3% to 72.2% for a similar model size. ViM-L also outperforms iGPT-XL which is trained with extra web image data and larger model size.      
### 76.Google Landmark Retrieval 2021 Competition Third Place Solution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04619.pdf)
>  We present our solutions to the Google Landmark Challenges 2021, for both the retrieval and the recognition tracks. Both solutions are ensembles of transformers and ConvNet models based on Sub-center ArcFace with dynamic margins. Since the two tracks share the same training data, we used the same pipeline and training approach, but with different model selections for the ensemble and different post-processing. The key improvement over last year is newer state-of-the-art vision architectures, especially transformers which significantly outperform ConvNets for the retrieval task. We finished third and fourth places for the retrieval and recognition tracks respectively.      
### 77.Learning Single/Multi-Attribute of Object with Symmetry and Group  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04603.pdf)
>  Attributes and objects can compose diverse compositions. To model the compositional nature of these concepts, it is a good choice to learn them as transformations, e.g., coupling and decoupling. However, complex transformations need to satisfy specific principles to guarantee rationality. Here, we first propose a previously ignored principle of attribute-object transformation: Symmetry. For example, coupling peeled-apple with attribute peeled should result in peeled-apple, and decoupling peeled from apple should still output apple. Incorporating the symmetry, we propose a transformation framework inspired by group theory, i.e., SymNet. It consists of two modules: Coupling Network and Decoupling Network. We adopt deep neural networks to implement SymNet and train it in an end-to-end paradigm with the group axioms and symmetry as objectives. Then, we propose a Relative Moving Distance (RMD) based method to utilize the attribute change instead of the attribute pattern itself to classify attributes. Besides the compositions of single-attribute and object, our RMD is also suitable for complex compositions of multiple attributes and objects when incorporating attribute correlations. SymNet can be utilized for attribute learning, compositional zero-shot learning and outperforms the state-of-the-art on four widely-used benchmarks. Code is at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DirtyHarryLYL/SymNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 78.Deep Long-Tailed Learning: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04596.pdf)
>  Deep long-tailed learning, one of the most challenging problems in visual recognition, aims to train well-performing deep models from a large number of images that follow a long-tailed class distribution. In the last decade, deep learning has emerged as a powerful recognition model for learning high-quality image representations and has led to remarkable breakthroughs in generic visual recognition. However, long-tailed class imbalance, a common problem in practical visual recognition tasks, often limits the practicality of deep network based recognition models in real-world applications, since they can be easily biased towards dominant classes and perform poorly on tail classes. To address this problem, a large number of studies have been conducted in recent years, making promising progress in the field of deep long-tailed learning. Considering the rapid evolution of this field, this paper aims to provide a comprehensive survey on recent advances in deep long-tailed learning. To be specific, we group existing deep long-tailed learning studies into three main categories (i.e., class re-balancing, information augmentation and module improvement), and review these methods following this taxonomy in detail. Afterward, we empirically analyze several state-of-the-art methods by evaluating to what extent they address the issue of class imbalance via a newly proposed evaluation metric, i.e., relative accuracy. We conclude the survey by highlighting important applications of deep long-tailed learning and identifying several promising directions for future research.      
### 79.Space-Time-Separable Graph Convolutional Network for Pose Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04573.pdf)
>  Human pose forecasting is a complex structured-data sequence-modelling task, which has received increasing attention, also due to numerous potential applications. Research has mainly addressed the temporal dimension as time series and the interaction of human body joints with a kinematic tree or by a graph. This has decoupled the two aspects and leveraged progress from the relevant fields, but it has also limited the understanding of the complex structural joint spatio-temporal dynamics of the human pose. Here we propose a novel Space-Time-Separable Graph Convolutional Network (STS-GCN) for pose forecasting. For the first time, STS-GCN models the human pose dynamics only with a graph convolutional network (GCN), including the temporal evolution and the spatial joint interaction within a single-graph framework, which allows the cross-talk of motion and spatial correlations. Concurrently, STS-GCN is the first space-time-separable GCN: the space-time graph connectivity is factored into space and time affinity matrices, which bottlenecks the space-time cross-talk, while enabling full joint-joint and time-time correlations. Both affinity matrices are learnt end-to-end, which results in connections substantially deviating from the standard kinematic tree and the linear-time time series. In experimental evaluation on three complex, recent and large-scale benchmarks, Human3.6M [Ionescu et al. TPAMI'14], AMASS [Mahmood et al. ICCV'19] and 3DPW [Von Marcard et al. ECCV'18], STS-GCN outperforms the state-of-the-art, surpassing the current best technique [Mao et al. ECCV'20] by over 32% in average at the most difficult long-term predictions, while only requiring 1.7% of its parameters. We explain the results qualitatively and illustrate the graph interactions by the factored joint-joint and time-time learnt graph connections. <br>Our source code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/FraLuca/STSGCN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 80.Automatic Recognition of Abdominal Organs in Ultrasound Images based on Deep Neural Networks and K-Nearest-Neighbor Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04563.pdf)
>  Abdominal ultrasound imaging has been widely used to assist in the diagnosis and treatment of various abdominal organs. In order to shorten the examination time and reduce the cognitive burden on the sonographers, we present a classification method that combines the deep learning techniques and k-Nearest-Neighbor (k-NN) classification to automatically recognize various abdominal organs in the ultrasound images in real time. Fine-tuned deep neural networks are used in combination with PCA dimension reduction to extract high-level features from raw ultrasound images, and a k-NN classifier is employed to predict the abdominal organ in the image. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method in the task of ultrasound image classification to automatically recognize six abdominal organs. A comprehensive comparison of different configurations is conducted to study the influence of different feature extractors and classifiers on the classification accuracy. Both quantitative and qualitative results show that with minimal training effort, our method can "lazily" recognize the abdominal organs in the ultrasound images in real time with an accuracy of 96.67%. Our implementation code is publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LeeKeyu/abdominal_ultrasound_classification" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 81.Temporally Consistent Video Colorization with Deep Feature Propagation and Self-regularization Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04562.pdf)
>  Video colorization is a challenging and highly ill-posed problem. Although recent years have witnessed remarkable progress in single image colorization, there is relatively less research effort on video colorization and existing methods always suffer from severe flickering artifacts (temporal inconsistency) or unsatisfying colorization performance. We address this problem from a new perspective, by jointly considering colorization and temporal consistency in a unified framework. Specifically, we propose a novel temporally consistent video colorization framework (TCVC). TCVC effectively propagates frame-level deep features in a bidirectional way to enhance the temporal consistency of colorization. Furthermore, TCVC introduces a self-regularization learning (SRL) scheme to minimize the prediction difference obtained with different time steps. SRL does not require any ground-truth color videos for training and can further improve temporal consistency. Experiments demonstrate that our method can not only obtain visually pleasing colorized video, but also achieve clearly better temporal consistency than state-of-the-art methods.      
### 82.Unsupervised Representation Learning Meets Pseudo-Label Supervised Self-Distillation: A New Approach to Rare Disease Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04558.pdf)
>  Rare diseases are characterized by low prevalence and are often chronically debilitating or life-threatening. Imaging-based classification of rare diseases is challenging due to the severe shortage in training examples. Few-shot learning (FSL) methods tackle this challenge by extracting generalizable prior knowledge from a large base dataset of common diseases and normal controls, and transferring the knowledge to rare diseases. Yet, most existing methods require the base dataset to be labeled and do not make full use of the precious examples of the rare diseases. To this end, we propose in this work a novel hybrid approach to rare disease classification, featuring two key novelties targeted at the above drawbacks. First, we adopt the unsupervised representation learning (URL) based on self-supervising contrastive loss, whereby to eliminate the overhead in labeling the base dataset. Second, we integrate the URL with pseudo-label supervised classification for effective self-distillation of the knowledge about the rare diseases, composing a hybrid approach taking advantages of both unsupervised and (pseudo-) supervised learning on the base dataset. Experimental results on classification of rare skin lesions show that our hybrid approach substantially outperforms existing FSL methods (including those using fully supervised base dataset) for rare disease classification via effective integration of the URL and pseudo-label driven self-distillation, thus establishing a new state of the art.      
### 83.CLIP-Adapter: Better Vision-Language Models with Feature Adapters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04544.pdf)
>  Large-scale contrastive vision-language pre-training has shown significant progress in visual representation learning. Unlike traditional visual systems trained by a fixed set of discrete labels, a new paradigm was introduced in \cite{radford2021learning} to directly learn to align images with raw texts in an open-vocabulary setting. On downstream tasks, a carefully chosen text prompt is employed to make zero-shot predictions.~To avoid non-trivial prompt engineering, context optimization \cite{zhou2021coop} has been proposed to learn continuous vectors as task-specific prompts with few-shot training examples.~In this paper, we show that there is an alternative path to achieve better vision-language models other than prompt tuning.~While prompt tuning is for the textual inputs, we propose CLIP-Adapter to conduct fine-tuning with feature adapters on either visual or language branch. Specifically, CLIP-Adapter adopts an additional bottleneck layer to learn new features and performs residual-style feature blending with the original pre-trained features.~As a consequence, CLIP-Adapter is able to outperform context optimization while maintains a simple design. Experiments and extensive ablation studies on various visual classification tasks demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.      
### 84.Class-Balanced Active Learning for Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04543.pdf)
>  Active learning aims to reduce the labeling effort that is required to train algorithms by learning an acquisition function selecting the most relevant data for which a label should be requested from a large unlabeled data pool. Active learning is generally studied on balanced datasets where an equal amount of images per class is available. However, real-world datasets suffer from severe imbalanced classes, the so called long-tail distribution. We argue that this further complicates the active learning process, since the imbalanced data pool can result in suboptimal classifiers. To address this problem in the context of active learning, we proposed a general optimization framework that explicitly takes class-balancing into account. Results on three datasets showed that the method is general (it can be combined with most existing active learning algorithms) and can be effectively applied to boost the performance of both informative and representative-based active learning methods. In addition, we showed that also on balanced datasets our method generally results in a performance gain.      
### 85.Focus Your Distribution: Coarse-to-Fine Non-Contrastive Learning for Anomaly Detection and Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04538.pdf)
>  The essence of unsupervised anomaly detection is to learn the compact distribution of normal samples and detect outliers as anomalies in testing. Meanwhile, the anomalies in real-world are usually subtle and fine-grained in a high-resolution image especially for industrial applications. Towards this end, we propose a novel framework for unsupervised anomaly detection and localization. Our method aims at learning dense and compact distribution from normal images with a coarse-to-fine alignment process. The coarse alignment stage standardizes the pixel-wise position of objects in both image and feature levels. The fine alignment stage then densely maximizes the similarity of features among all corresponding locations in a batch. To facilitate the learning with only normal images, we propose a new pretext task called non-contrastive learning for the fine alignment stage. Non-contrastive learning extracts robust and discriminating normal image representations without making assumptions on abnormal samples, and it thus empowers our model to generalize to various anomalous scenarios. Extensive experiments on two typical industrial datasets of MVTec AD and BenTech AD demonstrate that our framework is effective in detecting various real-world defects and achieves a new state-of-the-art in industrial unsupervised anomaly detection.      
### 86.ZSpeedL -- Evaluating the Performance of Zero-Shot Learning Methods using Low-Power Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04535.pdf)
>  The recognition of unseen objects from a semantic representation or textual description, usually denoted as zero-shot learning, is more prone to be used in real-world scenarios when compared to traditional object recognition. Nevertheless, no work has evaluated the feasibility of deploying zero-shot learning approaches in these scenarios, particularly when using low-power devices. In this paper, we provide the first benchmark on the inference time of zero-shot learning, comprising an evaluation of state-of-the-art approaches regarding their speed/accuracy trade-off. An analysis to the processing time of the different phases of the ZSL inference stage reveals that visual feature extraction is the major bottleneck in this paradigm, but, we show that lightweight networks can dramatically reduce the overall inference time without reducing the accuracy obtained by the de facto ResNet101 architecture. Also, this benchmark evaluates how different ZSL approaches perform in low-power devices, and how the visual feature extraction phase could be optimized in this hardware. To foster the research and deployment of ZSL systems capable of operating in real-world scenarios, we release the evaluation framework used in this benchmark (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CristianoPatricio/zsl-methods" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 87.SGMNet: Scene Graph Matching Network for Few-Shot Remote Sensing Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04494.pdf)
>  Few-Shot Remote Sensing Scene Classification (FSRSSC) is an important task, which aims to recognize novel scene classes with few examples. Recently, several studies attempt to address the FSRSSC problem by following few-shot natural image classification methods. These existing methods have made promising progress and achieved superior performance. However, they all overlook two unique characteristics of remote sensing images: (i) object co-occurrence that multiple objects tend to appear together in a scene image and (ii) object spatial correlation that these co-occurrence objects are distributed in the scene image following some spatial structure patterns. Such unique characteristics are very beneficial for FSRSSC, which can effectively alleviate the scarcity issue of labeled remote sensing images since they can provide more refined descriptions for each scene class. To fully exploit these characteristics, we propose a novel scene graph matching-based meta-learning framework for FSRSSC, called SGMNet. In this framework, a scene graph construction module is carefully designed to represent each test remote sensing image or each scene class as a scene graph, where the nodes reflect these co-occurrence objects meanwhile the edges capture the spatial correlations between these co-occurrence objects. Then, a scene graph matching module is further developed to evaluate the similarity score between each test remote sensing image and each scene class. Finally, based on the similarity scores, we perform the scene class prediction via a nearest neighbor classifier. We conduct extensive experiments on UCMerced LandUse, WHU19, AID, and NWPU-RESISC45 datasets. The experimental results show that our method obtains superior performance over the previous state-of-the-art methods.      
### 88.Weight Evolution: Improving Deep Neural Networks Training through Evolving Inferior Weight Values  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04492.pdf)
>  To obtain good performance, convolutional neural networks are usually over-parameterized. This phenomenon has stimulated two interesting topics: pruning the unimportant weights for compression and reactivating the unimportant weights to make full use of network capability. However, current weight reactivation methods usually reactivate the entire filters, which may not be precise enough. Looking back in history, the prosperity of filter pruning is mainly due to its friendliness to hardware implementation, but pruning at a finer structure level, i.e., weight elements, usually leads to better network performance. We study the problem of weight element reactivation in this paper. Motivated by evolution, we select the unimportant filters and update their unimportant elements by combining them with the important elements of important filters, just like gene crossover to produce better offspring, and the proposed method is called weight evolution (WE). WE is mainly composed of four strategies. We propose a global selection strategy and a local selection strategy and combine them to locate the unimportant filters. A forward matching strategy is proposed to find the matched important filters and a crossover strategy is proposed to utilize the important elements of the important filters for updating unimportant filters. WE is plug-in to existing network architectures. Comprehensive experiments show that WE outperforms the other reactivation methods and plug-in training methods with typical convolutional neural networks, especially lightweight networks. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/BZQLin/Weight-evolution" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 89.Colour augmentation for improved semi-supervised semantic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04487.pdf)
>  Consistency regularization describes a class of approaches that have yielded state-of-the-art results for semi-supervised classification. While semi-supervised semantic segmentation proved to be more challenging, a number of successful approaches have been recently proposed. Recent work explored the challenges involved in using consistency regularization for segmentation problems. In their self-supervised work Chen et al. found that colour augmentation prevents a classification network from using image colour statistics as a short-cut for self-supervised learning via instance discrimination. Drawing inspiration from this we find that a similar problem impedes semi-supervised semantic segmentation and offer colour augmentation as a solution, improving semi-supervised semantic segmentation performance on challenging photographic imagery.      
### 90.Visualizing the embedding space to explain the effect of knowledge distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04483.pdf)
>  Recent research has found that knowledge distillation can be effective in reducing the size of a network and in increasing generalization. A pre-trained, large teacher network, for example, was shown to be able to bootstrap a student model that eventually outperforms the teacher in a limited label environment. Despite these advances, it still is relatively unclear \emph{why} this method works, that is, what the resulting student model does 'better'. To address this issue, here, we utilize two non-linear, low-dimensional embedding methods (t-SNE and IVIS) to visualize representation spaces of different layers in a network. We perform a set of extensive experiments with different architecture parameters and distillation methods. The resulting visualizations and metrics clearly show that distillation guides the network to find a more compact representation space for higher accuracy already in earlier layers compared to its non-distilled version.      
### 91.Comparing Facial Expression Recognition in Humans and Machines: Using CAM, GradCAM, and Extremal Perturbation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04481.pdf)
>  Facial expression recognition (FER) is a topic attracting significant research in both psychology and machine learning with a wide range of applications. Despite a wealth of research on human FER and considerable progress in computational FER made possible by deep neural networks (DNNs), comparatively less work has been done on comparing the degree to which DNNs may be comparable to human performance. In this work, we compared the recognition performance and attention patterns of humans and machines during a two-alternative forced-choice FER task. Human attention was here gathered through click data that progressively uncovered a face, whereas model attention was obtained using three different popular techniques from explainable AI: CAM, GradCAM and Extremal Perturbation. In both cases, performance was gathered as percent correct. For this task, we found that humans outperformed machines quite significantly. In terms of attention patterns, we found that Extremal Perturbation had the best overall fit with the human attention map during the task.      
### 92.A Feature Consistency Driven Attention Erasing Network for Fine-Grained Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04479.pdf)
>  Large-scale fine-grained image retrieval has two main problems. First, low dimensional feature embedding can fasten the retrieval process but bring accuracy reduce due to overlooking the feature of significant attention regions of images in fine-grained datasets. Second, fine-grained images lead to the same category query hash codes mapping into the different cluster in database hash latent space. To handle these two issues, we propose a feature consistency driven attention erasing network (FCAENet) for fine-grained image retrieval. For the first issue, we propose an adaptive augmentation module in FCAENet, which is selective region erasing module (SREM). SREM makes the network more robust on subtle differences of fine-grained task by adaptively covering some regions of raw images. The feature extractor and hash layer can learn more representative hash code for fine-grained images by SREM. With regard to the second issue, we fully exploit the pair-wise similarity information and add the enhancing space relation loss (ESRL) in FCAENet to make the vulnerable relation stabler between the query hash code and database hash code. We conduct extensive experiments on five fine-grained benchmark datasets (CUB2011, Aircraft, NABirds, VegFru, Food101) for 12bits, 24bits, 32bits, 48bits hash code. The results show that FCAENet achieves the state-of-the-art (SOTA) fine-grained retrieval performance compared with other methods.      
### 93.Label quality in AffectNet: results of crowd-based re-annotation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04476.pdf)
>  AffectNet is one of the most popular resources for facial expression recognition (FER) on relatively unconstrained in-the-wild images. Given that images were annotated by only one annotator with limited consistency checks on the data, however, label quality and consistency may be limited. Here, we take a similar approach to a study that re-labeled another, smaller dataset (FER2013) with crowd-based annotations, and report results from a re-labeling and re-annotation of a subset of difficult AffectNet faces with 13 people on both expression label, and valence and arousal ratings. Our results show that human labels overall have medium to good consistency, whereas human ratings especially for valence are in excellent agreement. Importantly, however, crowd-based labels are significantly shifting towards neutral and happy categories and crowd-based affective ratings form a consistent pattern different from the original ratings. ResNets fully trained on the original AffectNet dataset do not predict human voting patterns, but when weakly-trained do so much better, particularly for valence. Our results have important ramifications for label quality in affective computing.      
### 94.Predicting decision-making in the future: Human versus Machine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04465.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have become remarkably successful in data prediction, and have even been used to predict future actions based on limited input. This raises the question: do these systems actually "understand" the event similar to humans? Here, we address this issue using videos taken from an accident situation in a driving simulation. In this situation, drivers had to choose between crashing into a suddenly-appeared obstacle or steering their car off a previously indicated cliff. We compared how well humans and a DNN predicted this decision as a function of time before the event. The DNN outperformed humans for early time-points, but had an equal performance for later time-points. Interestingly, spatio-temporal image manipulations and Grad-CAM visualizations uncovered some expected behavior, but also highlighted potential differences in temporal processing for the DNN.      
### 95.Adversarial Training for Face Recognition Systems using Contrastive Adversarial Learning and Triplet Loss Fine-tuning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04459.pdf)
>  Though much work has been done in the domain of improving the adversarial robustness of facial recognition systems, a surprisingly small percentage of it has focused on self-supervised approaches. In this work, we present an approach that combines Ad-versarial Pre-Training with Triplet Loss AdversarialFine-Tuning. We compare our methods with the pre-trained ResNet50 model that forms the backbone of FaceNet, finetuned on our CelebA dataset. Through comparing adversarial robustness achieved without adversarial training, with triplet loss adversarial training, and our contrastive pre-training combined with triplet loss adversarial fine-tuning, we find that our method achieves comparable results with far fewer epochs re-quired during fine-tuning. This seems promising, increasing the training time for fine-tuning should yield even better results. In addition to this, a modified semi-supervised experiment was conducted, which demonstrated the improvement of contrastive adversarial training with the introduction of small amounts of labels.      
### 96.EfficientPhys: Enabling Simple, Fast and Accurate Camera-Based Vitals Measurement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04447.pdf)
>  Camera-based physiological measurement is a growing field with neural models providing state-the-art-performance. Prior research have explored various ``end-to-end'' models; however these methods still require several preprocessing steps. These additional operations are often non-trivial to implement making replication and deployment difficult and can even have a higher computational budget than the ``core'' network itself. In this paper, we propose two novel and efficient neural models for camera-based physiological measurement called EfficientPhys that remove the need for face detection, segmentation, normalization, color space transformation or any other preprocessing steps. Using an input of raw video frames, our models achieve state-of-the-art accuracy on three public datasets. We show that this is the case whether using a transformer or convolutional backbone. We further evaluate the latency of the proposed networks and show that our most light weight network also achieves a 33% improvement in efficiency.      
### 97.Two-stage Visual Cues Enhancement Network for Referring Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04435.pdf)
>  Referring Image Segmentation (RIS) aims at segmenting the target object from an image referred by one given natural language expression. The diverse and flexible expressions as well as complex visual contents in the images raise the RIS model with higher demands for investigating fine-grained matching behaviors between words in expressions and objects presented in images. However, such matching behaviors are hard to be learned and captured when the visual cues of referents (i.e. referred objects) are insufficient, as the referents with weak visual cues tend to be easily confused by cluttered background at boundary or even overwhelmed by salient objects in the image. And the insufficient visual cues issue can not be handled by the cross-modal fusion mechanisms as done in previous work. In this paper, we tackle this problem from a novel perspective of enhancing the visual information for the referents by devising a Two-stage Visual cues enhancement Network (TV-Net), where a novel Retrieval and Enrichment Scheme (RES) and an Adaptive Multi-resolution feature Fusion (AMF) module are proposed. Through the two-stage enhancement, our proposed TV-Net enjoys better performances in learning fine-grained matching behaviors between the natural language expression and image, especially when the visual information of the referent is inadequate, thus produces better segmentation results. Extensive experiments are conducted to validate the effectiveness of the proposed method on the RIS task, with our proposed TV-Net surpassing the state-of-the-art approaches on four benchmark datasets.      
### 98.SOMA: Solving Optical Marker-Based MoCap Automatically  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04431.pdf)
>  Marker-based optical motion capture (mocap) is the "gold standard" method for acquiring accurate 3D human motion in computer vision, medicine, and graphics. The raw output of these systems are noisy and incomplete 3D points or short tracklets of points. To be useful, one must associate these points with corresponding markers on the captured subject; i.e. "labelling". Given these labels, one can then "solve" for the 3D skeleton or body surface mesh. Commercial auto-labeling tools require a specific calibration procedure at capture time, which is not possible for archival data. Here we train a novel neural network called SOMA, which takes raw mocap point clouds with varying numbers of points, labels them at scale without any calibration data, independent of the capture technology, and requiring only minimal human intervention. Our key insight is that, while labeling point clouds is highly ambiguous, the 3D body provides strong constraints on the solution that can be exploited by a learning-based method. To enable learning, we generate massive training sets of simulated noisy and ground truth mocap markers animated by 3D bodies from AMASS. SOMA exploits an architecture with stacked self-attention elements to learn the spatial structure of the 3D body and an optimal transport layer to constrain the assignment (labeling) problem while rejecting outliers. We extensively evaluate SOMA both quantitatively and qualitatively. SOMA is more accurate and robust than existing state of the art research methods and can be applied where commercial systems cannot. We automatically label over 8 hours of archival mocap data across 4 different datasets captured using various technologies and output SMPL-X body models. The model and data is released for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://soma.is.tue.mpg.de/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 99.RankingMatch: Delving into Semi-Supervised Learning with Consistency Regularization and Ranking Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04430.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised learning (SSL) has played an important role in leveraging unlabeled data when labeled data is limited. One of the most successful SSL approaches is based on consistency regularization, which encourages the model to produce unchanged with perturbed input. However, there has been less attention spent on inputs that have the same label. Motivated by the observation that the inputs having the same label should have the similar model outputs, we propose a novel method, RankingMatch, that considers not only the perturbed inputs but also the similarity among the inputs having the same label. We especially introduce a new objective function, dubbed BatchMean Triplet loss, which has the advantage of computational efficiency while taking into account all input samples. Our RankingMatch achieves state-of-the-art performance across many standard SSL benchmarks with a variety of labeled data amounts, including 95.13% accuracy on CIFAR-10 with 250 labels, 77.65% accuracy on CIFAR-100 with 10000 labels, 97.76% accuracy on SVHN with 250 labels, and 97.77% accuracy on SVHN with 1000 labels. We also perform an ablation study to prove the efficacy of the proposed BatchMean Triplet loss against existing versions of Triplet loss.      
### 100.Harnessing Unlabeled Data to Improve Generalization of Biometric Gender and Age Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04427.pdf)
>  With significant advances in deep learning, many computer vision applications have reached the inflection point. However, these deep learning models need large amount of labeled data for model training and optimum parameter estimation. Limited labeled data for model training results in over-fitting and impacts their generalization performance. However, the collection and annotation of large amount of data is a very time consuming and expensive operation. Further, due to privacy and security concerns, the large amount of labeled data could not be collected for certain applications such as those involving medical field. Self-training, Co-training, and Self-ensemble methods are three types of semi-supervised learning methods that can be used to exploit unlabeled data. In this paper, we propose self-ensemble based deep learning model that along with limited labeled data, harness unlabeled data for improving the generalization performance. We evaluated the proposed self-ensemble based deep-learning model for soft-biometric gender and age classification. Experimental evaluation on CelebA and VISOB datasets suggest gender classification accuracy of 94.46% and 81.00%, respectively, using only 1000 labeled samples and remaining 199k samples as unlabeled samples for CelebA dataset and similarly,1000 labeled samples with remaining 107k samples as unlabeled samples for VISOB dataset. Comparative evaluation suggest that there is $5.74\%$ and $8.47\%$ improvement in the accuracy of the self-ensemble model when compared with supervised model trained on the entire CelebA and VISOB dataset, respectively. We also evaluated the proposed learning method for age-group prediction on Adience dataset and it outperformed the baseline supervised deep-learning learning model with a better exact accuracy of 55.55 $\pm$ 4.28 which is 3.92% more than the baseline.      
### 101.Arabic Speech Emotion Recognition Employing Wav2vec2.0 and HuBERT Based on BAVED Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04425.pdf)
>  Recently, there have been tremendous research outcomes in the fields of speech recognition and natural language processing. This is due to the well-developed multi-layers deep learning paradigms such as wav2vec2.0, Wav2vecU, WavBERT, and HuBERT that provide better representation learning and high information capturing. Such paradigms run on hundreds of unlabeled data, then fine-tuned on a small dataset for specific tasks. This paper introduces a deep learning constructed emotional recognition model for Arabic speech dialogues. The developed model employs the state of the art audio representations include wav2vec2.0 and HuBERT. The experiment and performance results of our model overcome the previous known outcomes.      
### 102.Robustness Evaluation of Transformer-based Form Field Extractors via Form Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04413.pdf)
>  We propose a novel framework to evaluate the robustness of transformer-based form field extraction methods via form attacks. We introduce 14 novel form transformations to evaluate the vulnerability of the state-of-the-art field extractors against form attacks from both OCR level and form level, including OCR location/order rearrangement, form background manipulation and form field-value augmentation. We conduct robustness evaluation using real invoices and receipts, and perform comprehensive research analysis. Experimental results suggest that the evaluated models are very susceptible to form perturbations such as the variation of field-values (~15% drop in F1 score), the disarrangement of input text order(~15% drop in F1 score) and the disruption of the neighboring words of field-values(~10% drop in F1 score). Guided by the analysis, we make recommendations to improve the design of field extractors and the process of data collection.      
### 103.Unsupervised Pose-Aware Part Decomposition for 3D Articulated Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04411.pdf)
>  Articulated objects exist widely in the real world. However, previous 3D generative methods for unsupervised part decomposition are unsuitable for such objects, because they assume a spatially fixed part location, resulting in inconsistent part parsing. In this paper, we propose PPD (unsupervised Pose-aware Part Decomposition) to address a novel setting that explicitly targets man-made articulated objects with mechanical joints, considering the part poses. We show that category-common prior learning for both part shapes and poses facilitates the unsupervised learning of (1) part decomposition with non-primitive-based implicit representation, and (2) part pose as joint parameters under single-frame shape supervision. We evaluate our method on synthetic and real datasets, and we show that it outperforms previous works in consistent part parsing of the articulated objects based on comparable part pose estimation performance to the supervised baseline.      
### 104.Adversarial Token Attacks on Vision Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04337.pdf)
>  Vision transformers rely on a patch token based self attention mechanism, in contrast to convolutional networks. We investigate fundamental differences between these two families of models, by designing a block sparsity based adversarial token attack. We probe and analyze transformer as well as convolutional models with token attacks of varying patch sizes. We infer that transformer models are more sensitive to token attacks than convolutional models, with ResNets outperforming Transformer models by up to $\sim30\%$ in robust accuracy for single token attacks.      
### 105.Learning a Self-Expressive Network for Subspace Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04318.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art subspace clustering methods are based on self-expressive model, which represents each data point as a linear combination of other data points. However, such methods are designed for a finite sample dataset and lack the ability to generalize to out-of-sample data. Moreover, since the number of self-expressive coefficients grows quadratically with the number of data points, their ability to handle large-scale datasets is often limited. In this paper, we propose a novel framework for subspace clustering, termed Self-Expressive Network (SENet), which employs a properly designed neural network to learn a self-expressive representation of the data. We show that our SENet can not only learn the self-expressive coefficients with desired properties on the training data, but also handle out-of-sample data. Besides, we show that SENet can also be leveraged to perform subspace clustering on large-scale datasets. Extensive experiments conducted on synthetic data and real world benchmark data validate the effectiveness of the proposed method. In particular, SENet yields highly competitive performance on MNIST, Fashion MNIST and Extended MNIST and state-of-the-art performance on CIFAR-10. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhangsz1998/Self-Expressive-Network" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 106.COVID-19 Face Mask Recognition with Advanced Face Cut Algorithm for Human Safety Measures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04316.pdf)
>  In the last year, the outbreak of COVID-19 has deployed computer vision and machine learning algorithms in various fields to enhance human life interactions. COVID-19 is a highly contaminated disease that affects mainly the respiratory organs of the human body. We must wear a mask in this situation as the virus can be contaminated through the air and a non-masked person can be affected. Our proposal deploys a computer vision and deep learning framework to recognize face masks from images or videos. We have implemented a Boundary dependent face cut recognition algorithm that can cut the face from the image using 27 landmarks and then the preprocessed image can further be sent to the deep learning ResNet50 model. The experimental result shows a significant advancement of 3.4 percent compared to the YOLOV3 mask recognition architecture in just 10 epochs.      
### 107.3D Meta-Segmentation Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04297.pdf)
>  Though deep learning methods have shown great success in 3D point cloud part segmentation, they generally rely on a large volume of labeled training data, which makes the model suffer from unsatisfied generalization abilities to unseen classes with limited data. To address this problem, we present a novel meta-learning strategy that regards the 3D shape segmentation function as a task. By training over a number of 3D part segmentation tasks, our method is capable to learn the prior over the respective 3D segmentation function space which leads to an optimal model that is rapidly adapting to new part segmentation tasks. To implement our meta-learning strategy, we propose two novel modules: meta part segmentation learner and part segmentation learner. During the training process, the part segmentation learner is trained to complete a specific part segmentation task in the few-shot scenario. In the meantime, the meta part segmentation learner is trained to capture the prior from multiple similar part segmentation tasks. Based on the learned information of task distribution, our meta part segmentation learner is able to dynamically update the part segmentation learner with optimal parameters which enable our part segmentation learner to rapidly adapt and have great generalization ability on new part segmentation tasks. We demonstrate that our model achieves superior part segmentation performance with the few-shot setting on the widely used dataset: ShapeNet.      
### 108.Spatial-temporal V-Net for automatic segmentation and quantification of right ventricles in gated myocardial perfusion SPECT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05443.pdf)
>  Background. Functional assessment of right ventricles (RV) using gated myocardial perfusion single-photon emission computed tomography (MPS) heavily relies on the precise extraction of right ventricular contours. In this paper, we present a new deep learning model integrating both the spatial and temporal features in SPECT images to perform the segmentation of RV epicardium and endocardium. Methods. By integrating the spatial features from each cardiac frame of gated MPS and the temporal features from the sequential cardiac frames of the gated MPS, we develop a Spatial-Temporal V-Net (S-T-V-Net) for automatic extraction of RV endocardial and epicardial contours. In the S-T-V-Net, a V-Net is employed to hierarchically extract spatial features, and convolutional long-term short-term memory (ConvLSTM) units are added to the skip-connection pathway to extract the temporal features. The input of the S-T-V-Net is an ECG-gated sequence of the SPECT images and the output is the probability map of the endocardial or epicardial masks. A Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) loss which penalizes the discrepancy between the model prediction and the ground truth is adopted to optimize the segmentation model. Results. Our segmentation model was trained and validated on a retrospective dataset with 34 subjects, and the cardiac cycle of each subject was divided into 8 gates. The proposed ST-V-Net achieved a DSC of 0.7924 and 0.8227 for the RV endocardium and epicardium, respectively. The mean absolute error, the mean squared error, and the Pearson correlation coefficient of the RV ejection fraction between the ground truth and the model prediction are 0.0907, 0.0130 and 0.8411. Conclusion. The results demonstrate that the proposed ST-V-Net is an effective model for RV segmentation. It has great promise for clinical use in RV functional assessment.      
### 109.Mesh Draping: Parametrization-Free Neural Mesh Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05433.pdf)
>  Despite recent advances in geometric modeling, 3D mesh modeling still involves a considerable amount of manual labor by experts. In this paper, we introduce Mesh Draping: a neural method for transferring existing mesh structure from one shape to another. The method drapes the source mesh over the target geometry and at the same time seeks to preserve the carefully designed characteristics of the source mesh. At its core, our method deforms the source mesh using progressive positional encoding. We show that by leveraging gradually increasing frequencies to guide the neural optimization, we are able to achieve stable and high quality mesh transfer. Our approach is simple and requires little user guidance, compared to contemporary surface mapping techniques which rely on parametrization or careful manual tuning. Most importantly, Mesh Draping is a parameterization-free method, and thus applicable to a variety of target shape representations, including point clouds, polygon soups, and non-manifold meshes. We demonstrate that the transferred meshing remains faithful to the source mesh design characteristics, and at the same time fits the target geometry well.      
### 110.Score-based diffusion models for accelerated MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05243.pdf)
>  Score-based diffusion models provide a powerful way to model images using the gradient of the data distribution. Leveraging the learned score function as a prior, here we introduce a way to sample data from a conditional distribution given the measurements, such that the model can be readily used for solving inverse problems in imaging, especially for accelerated MRI. In short, we train a continuous time-dependent score function with denoising score matching. Then, at the inference stage, we iterate between numerical SDE solver and data consistency projection step to achieve reconstruction. Our model requires magnitude images only for training, and yet is able to reconstruct complex-valued data, and even extends to parallel imaging. The proposed method is agnostic to sub-sampling patterns, and can be used with any sampling schemes. Also, due to its generative nature, our approach can quantify uncertainty, which is not possible with standard regression settings. On top of all the advantages, our method also has very strong performance, even beating the models trained with full supervision. With extensive experiments, we verify the superiority of our method in terms of quality and practicality.      
### 111.Accelerating Multi-Objective Neural Architecture Search by Random-Weight Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05242.pdf)
>  For the goal of automated design of high-performance deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs), Neural Architecture Search (NAS) methodology is becoming increasingly important for both academia and industries.Due to the costly stochastic gradient descent (SGD) training of CNNs for performance evaluation, most existing NAS methods are computationally expensive for real-world deployments. To address this issue, we first introduce a new performance estimation metric, named Random-Weight Evaluation (RWE) to quantify the quality of CNNs in a cost-efficient manner. Instead of fully training the entire CNN, the RWE only trains its last layer and leaves the remainders with randomly initialized weights, which results in a single network evaluation in seconds.Second, a complexity metric is adopted for multi-objective NAS to balance the model size and performance. Overall, our proposed method obtains a set of efficient models with state-of-the-art performance in two real-world search spaces. Then the results obtained on the CIFAR-10 dataset are transferred to the ImageNet dataset to validate the practicality of the proposed algorithm. Moreover, ablation studies on NAS-Bench-301 datasets reveal the effectiveness of the proposed RWE in estimating the performance compared with existing methods.      
### 112.AWEU-Net: An Attention-Aware Weight Excitation U-Net for Lung Nodule Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05144.pdf)
>  Lung cancer is deadly cancer that causes millions of deaths every year around the world. Accurate lung nodule detection and segmentation in computed tomography (CT) images is the most important part of diagnosing lung cancer in the early stage. Most of the existing systems are semi-automated and need to manually select the lung and nodules regions to perform the segmentation task. To address these challenges, we proposed a fully automated end-to-end lung nodule detection and segmentation system based on a deep learning approach. In this paper, we used Optimized Faster R-CNN; a state-of-the-art detection model to detect the lung nodule regions in the CT scans. Furthermore, we proposed an attention-aware weight excitation U-Net, called AWEU-Net, for lung nodule segmentation and boundaries detection. To achieve more accurate nodule segmentation, in AWEU-Net, we proposed position attention-aware weight excitation (PAWE), and channel attention-aware weight excitation (CAWE) blocks to highlight the best aligned spatial and channel features in the input feature maps. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed model yields a Dice score of 89.79% and 90.35%, and an intersection over union (IoU) of 82.34% and 83.21% on the publicly LUNA16 and LIDC-IDRI datasets, respectively.      
### 113.Symmetry-Enhanced Attention Network for Acute Ischemic Infarct Segmentation with Non-Contrast CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05039.pdf)
>  Quantitative estimation of the acute ischemic infarct is crucial to improve neurological outcomes of the patients with stroke symptoms. Since the density of lesions is subtle and can be confounded by normal physiologic changes, anatomical asymmetry provides useful information to differentiate the ischemic and healthy brain tissue. In this paper, we propose a symmetry enhanced attention network (SEAN) for acute ischemic infarct segmentation. Our proposed network automatically transforms an input CT image into the standard space where the brain tissue is bilaterally symmetric. The transformed image is further processed by a Ushape network integrated with the proposed symmetry enhanced attention for pixel-wise labelling. The symmetry enhanced attention can efficiently capture context information from the opposite side of the image by estimating long-range dependencies. Experimental results show that the proposed SEAN outperforms some symmetry-based state-of-the-art methods in terms of both dice coefficient and infarct localization.      
### 114.Self-supervised Learning is More Robust to Dataset Imbalance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.05025.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning (SSL) is a scalable way to learn general visual representations since it learns without labels. However, large-scale unlabeled datasets in the wild often have long-tailed label distributions, where we know little about the behavior of SSL. In this work, we systematically investigate self-supervised learning under dataset imbalance. First, we find out via extensive experiments that off-the-shelf self-supervised representations are already more robust to class imbalance than supervised representations. The performance gap between balanced and imbalanced pre-training with SSL is significantly smaller than the gap with supervised learning, across sample sizes, for both in-domain and, especially, out-of-domain evaluation. Second, towards understanding the robustness of SSL, we hypothesize that SSL learns richer features from frequent data: it may learn label-irrelevant-but-transferable features that help classify the rare classes and downstream tasks. In contrast, supervised learning has no incentive to learn features irrelevant to the labels from frequent examples. We validate this hypothesis with semi-synthetic experiments and theoretical analyses on a simplified setting. Third, inspired by the theoretical insights, we devise a re-weighted regularization technique that consistently improves the SSL representation quality on imbalanced datasets with several evaluation criteria, closing the small gap between balanced and imbalanced datasets with the same number of examples.      
### 115.Scope2Screen: Focus+Context Techniques for Pathology Tumor Assessment in Multivariate Image Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04875.pdf)
>  Inspection of tissues using a light microscope is the primary method of diagnosing many diseases, notably cancer. Highly multiplexed tissue imaging builds on this foundation, enabling the collection of up to 60 channels of molecular information plus cell and tissue morphology using antibody staining. This provides unique insight into disease biology and promises to help with the design of patient-specific therapies. However, a substantial gap remains with respect to visualizing the resulting multivariate image data and effectively supporting pathology workflows in digital environments on screen. We, therefore, developed Scope2Screen, a scalable software system for focus+context exploration and annotation of whole-slide, high-plex, tissue images. Our approach scales to analyzing 100GB images of 10^9 or more pixels per channel, containing millions of cells. A multidisciplinary team of visualization experts, microscopists, and pathologists identified key image exploration and annotation tasks involving finding, magnifying, quantifying, and organizing ROIs in an intuitive and cohesive manner. Building on a scope2screen metaphor, we present interactive lensing techniques that operate at single-cell and tissue levels. Lenses are equipped with task-specific functionality and descriptive statistics, making it possible to analyze image features, cell types, and spatial arrangements (neighborhoods) across image channels and scales. A fast sliding-window search guides users to regions similar to those under the lens; these regions can be analyzed and considered either separately or as part of a larger image collection. A novel snapshot method enables linked lens configurations and image statistics to be saved, restored, and shared. We validate our designs with domain experts and apply Scope2Screen in two case studies involving lung and colorectal cancers to discover cancer-relevant image features.      
### 116.Rethinking Noise Synthesis and Modeling in Raw Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04756.pdf)
>  The lack of large-scale real raw image denoising dataset gives rise to challenges on synthesizing realistic raw image noise for training denoising models. However, the real raw image noise is contributed by many noise sources and varies greatly among different sensors. Existing methods are unable to model all noise sources accurately, and building a noise model for each sensor is also laborious. In this paper, we introduce a new perspective to synthesize noise by directly sampling from the sensor's real noise. It inherently generates accurate raw image noise for different camera sensors. Two efficient and generic techniques: pattern-aligned patch sampling and high-bit reconstruction help accurate synthesis of spatial-correlated noise and high-bit noise respectively. We conduct systematic experiments on SIDD and ELD datasets. The results show that (1) our method outperforms existing methods and demonstrates wide generalization on different sensors and lighting conditions. (2) Recent conclusions derived from DNN-based noise modeling methods are actually based on inaccurate noise parameters. The DNN-based methods still cannot outperform physics-based statistical methods.      
### 117.Real-time FPGA Design for OMP Targeting 8K Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04714.pdf)
>  During the past decade, implementing reconstruction algorithms on hardware has been at the center of much attention in the field of real-time reconstruction in Compressed Sensing (CS). Orthogonal Matching Pursuit (OMP) is the most widely used reconstruction algorithm on hardware implementation because OMP obtains good quality reconstruction results under a proper time cost. OMP includes Dot Product (DP) and Least Square Problem (LSP). These two parts have numerous division calculations and considerable vector-based multiplications, which limit the implementation of real-time reconstruction on hardware. In the theory of CS, besides the reconstruction algorithm, the choice of sensing matrix affects the quality of reconstruction. It also influences the reconstruction efficiency by affecting the hardware architecture. Thus, designing a real-time hardware architecture of OMP needs to take three factors into consideration. The choice of sensing matrix, the implementation of DP and LSP. In this paper, a sensing matrix, which is sparsity and contains zero vectors mainly, is adopted to optimize the OMP reconstruction to break the bottleneck of reconstruction efficiency. Based on the features of the chosen matrix, the DP and LSP are implemented by simple shift, add and comparing procedures. This work is implemented on the Xilinx Virtex UltraScale+ FPGA device. To reconstruct a digital signal with 1024 length under 0.25 sampling rate, the proposal method costs 0.818us while the state-of-the-art costs 238$us. Thus, this work speedups the state-of-the-art method 290 times. This work costs 0.026s to reconstruct an 8K gray image, which achieves 30FPS real-time reconstruction.      
### 118.Complex Network-Based Approach for Feature Extraction and Classification of Musical Genres  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04654.pdf)
>  Musical genre's classification has been a relevant research topic. The association between music and genres is fundamental for the media industry, which manages musical recommendation systems, and for music streaming services, which may appear classified by genres. In this context, this work presents a feature extraction method for the automatic classification of musical genres, based on complex networks and their topological measurements. The proposed method initially converts the musics into sequences of musical notes and then maps the sequences as complex networks. Topological measurements are extracted to characterize the network topology, which composes a feature vector that applies to the classification of musical genres. The method was evaluated in the classification of 10 musical genres by adopting the GTZAN dataset and 8 musical genres by adopting the FMA dataset. The results were compared with methods in the literature. The proposed method outperformed all compared methods by presenting high accuracy and low standard deviation, showing its suitability for the musical genre's classification, which contributes to the media industry in the automatic classification with assertiveness and robustness. The proposed method is implemented in an open source in the Python language and freely available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/omatheuspimenta/examinner" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 119.DenseNet approach to segmentation and classification of dermatoscopic skin lesions images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04632.pdf)
>  At present, cancer is one of the most important health issues in the world. Because early detection and appropriate treatment in cancer are very effective in the recovery and survival of patients, image processing as a diagnostic tool can help doctors to diagnose in the first recognition of cancer. One of the most important steps in diagnosing a skin lesion is to automatically detect the border of the skin image because the accuracy of the next steps depends on it. If these subtleties are identified, they can have a great impact on the diagnosis of the disease. Therefore, there is a good opportunity to develop more accurate algorithms to analyze such images. This paper proposes an improved method for segmentation and classification for skin lesions using two architectures, the U-Net for image segmentation and the DenseNet121 for image classification which have excellent accuracy. We tested the segmentation architecture of our model on the ISIC-2018 dataset and the classification on the HAM10000 dataset. Our results show that the combination of U-Net and DenseNet121 architectures provides acceptable results in dermatoscopic image analysis compared to previous research. Another classification examined in this study is cancerous and non-cancerous samples. In this classification, cancerous and non-cancerous samples were detected in DenseNet121 network with 79.49% and 93.11% accuracy respectively.      
### 120.Learning MRI Artifact Removal With Unpaired Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04604.pdf)
>  Retrospective artifact correction (RAC) improves image quality post acquisition and enhances image usability. Recent machine learning driven techniques for RAC are predominantly based on supervised learning and therefore practical utility can be limited as data with paired artifact-free and artifact-corrupted images are typically insufficient or even non-existent. Here we show that unwanted image artifacts can be disentangled and removed from an image via an RAC neural network learned with unpaired data. This implies that our method does not require matching artifact-corrupted data to be either collected via acquisition or generated via simulation. Experimental results demonstrate that our method is remarkably effective in removing artifacts and retaining anatomical details in images with different contrasts.      
### 121.Towards Data-Free Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04545.pdf)
>  In this work, we investigate the unexplored intersection of domain generalization and data-free learning. In particular, we address the question: How can knowledge contained in models trained on different source data domains can be merged into a single model that generalizes well to unseen target domains, in the absence of source and target domain data? Machine learning models that can cope with domain shift are essential for for real-world scenarios with often changing data distributions. Prior domain generalization methods typically rely on using source domain data, making them unsuitable for private decentralized data. We define the novel problem of Data-Free Domain Generalization (DFDG), a practical setting where models trained on the source domains separately are available instead of the original datasets, and investigate how to effectively solve the domain generalization problem in that case. We propose DEKAN, an approach that extracts and fuses domain-specific knowledge from the available teacher models into a student model robust to domain shift. Our empirical evaluation demonstrates the effectiveness of our method which achieves first state-of-the-art results in DFDG by significantly outperforming ensemble and data-free knowledge distillation baselines.      
### 122.Invertible Tone Mapping with Selectable Styles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04491.pdf)
>  Although digital cameras can acquire high-dynamic range (HDR) images, the captured HDR information are mostly quantized to low-dynamic range (LDR) images for display compatibility and compact storage. In this paper, we propose an invertible tone mapping method that converts the multi-exposure HDR to a true LDR (8-bit per color channel) and reserves the capability to accurately restore the original HDR from this {\em invertible LDR}. Our invertible LDR can mimic the appearance of a user-selected tone mapping style. It can be shared over any existing social network platforms that may re-encode or format-convert the uploaded images, without much hurting the accuracy of the restored HDR counterpart. To achieve this, we regard the tone mapping and the restoration as coupled processes, and formulate them as an encoding-and-decoding problem through convolutional neural networks. Particularly, our model supports pluggable style modulators, each of which bakes a specific tone mapping style, and thus favors the application flexibility. Our method is evaluated with a rich variety of HDR images and multiple tone mapping operators, which shows the superiority over relevant state-of-the-art methods. Also, we conduct ablation study to justify our design and discuss the robustness and generality toward real applications.      
### 123.Demystifying the Transferability of Adversarial Attacks in Computer Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04488.pdf)
>  Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) models are one of the most popular networks in deep learning. With their large fields of application in different areas, they are extensively used in both academia and industry. CNN-based models include several exciting implementations such as early breast cancer detection or detecting developmental delays in children (e.g., autism, speech disorders, etc.). However, previous studies demonstrate that these models are subject to various adversarial attacks. Interestingly, some adversarial examples could potentially still be effective against different unknown models. This particular property is known as adversarial transferability, and prior works slightly analyzed this characteristic in a very limited application domain. In this paper, we aim to demystify the transferability threats in computer networks by studying the possibility of transferring adversarial examples. In particular, we provide the first comprehensive study which assesses the robustness of CNN-based models for computer networks against adversarial transferability. In our experiments, we consider five different attacks: (1) the Iterative Fast Gradient Method (I-FGSM), (2) the Jacobian-based Saliency Map attack (JSMA), (3) the L-BFGS attack, (4) the Projected Gradient Descent attack (PGD), and (5) the DeepFool attack. These attacks are performed against two well-known datasets: the N-BaIoT dataset and the Domain Generating Algorithms (DGA) dataset. Our results show that the transferability happens in specific use cases where the adversary can easily compromise the victim's network with very few knowledge of the targeted model.      
### 124.Vision Transformer based COVID-19 Detection using Chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04458.pdf)
>  COVID-19 is a global pandemic, and detecting them is a momentous task for medical professionals today due to its rapid mutations. Current methods of examining chest X-rays and CT scan requires profound knowledge and are time consuming, which suggests that it shrinks the precious time of medical practitioners when people's lives are at stake. This study tries to assist this process by achieving state-of-the-art performance in classifying chest X-rays by fine-tuning Vision Transformer(ViT). The proposed approach uses pretrained models, fine-tuned for detecting the presence of COVID-19 disease on chest X-rays. This approach achieves an accuracy score of 97.61%, precision score of 95.34%, recall score of 93.84% and, f1-score of 94.58%. This result signifies the performance of transformer-based models on chest X-ray.      
### 125.Scene Editing as Teleoperation: A Case Study in 6DoF Kit Assembly  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04450.pdf)
>  Studies in robot teleoperation have been centered around action specifications -- from continuous joint control to discrete end-effector pose control. However, these robot-centric interfaces often require skilled operators with extensive robotics expertise. To make teleoperation accessible to non-expert users, we propose the framework "Scene Editing as Teleoperation" (SEaT), where the key idea is to transform the traditional "robot-centric" interface into a "scene-centric" interface -- instead of controlling the robot, users focus on specifying the task's goal by manipulating digital twins of the real-world objects. As a result, a user can perform teleoperation without any expert knowledge of the robot hardware. To achieve this goal, we utilize a category-agnostic scene-completion algorithm that translates the real-world workspace (with unknown objects) into a manipulable virtual scene representation and an action-snapping algorithm that refines the user input before generating the robot's action plan. To train the algorithms, we procedurally generated a large-scale, diverse kit-assembly dataset that contains object-kit pairs that mimic real-world object-kitting tasks. Our experiments in simulation and on a real-world system demonstrate that our framework improves both the efficiency and success rate for 6DoF kit-assembly tasks. A user study demonstrates that SEaT framework participants achieve a higher task success rate and report a lower subjective workload compared to an alternative robot-centric interface. Video can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NdR3mkPbQQ" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 126.Quantum pixel representations and compression for $N$-dimensional images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04405.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel and uniform framework for quantum pixel representations that overarches many of the most popular representations proposed in the recent literature, such as (I)FRQI, (I)NEQR, MCRQI, and (I)NCQI. The proposed QPIXL framework results in more efficient circuit implementations and significantly reduces the gate complexity for all considered quantum pixel representations. Our method only requires a linear number of gates in terms of the number of pixels and does not use ancilla qubits. Furthermore, the circuits only consist of Ry gates and CNOT gates making them practical in the NISQ era. Additionally, we propose a circuit and image compression algorithm that is shown to be highly effective, being able to reduce the necessary gates to prepare an FRQI state for example scientific images by up to 90% without sacrificing image quality. Our algorithms are made publicly available as part of QPIXL++, a Quantum Image Pixel Library.      
### 127.Causal ImageNet: How to discover spurious features in Deep Learning?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04301.pdf)
>  A key reason for the lack of reliability of deep neural networks in the real world is their heavy reliance on {\it spurious} input features that are causally unrelated to the true label. Focusing on image classifications, we define causal attributes as the set of visual features that are always a part of the object while spurious attributes are the ones that are likely to {\it co-occur} with the object but not a part of it (e.g., attribute ``fingers" for class ``band aid"). Traditional methods for discovering spurious features either require extensive human annotations (thus, not scalable), or are useful on specific models. In this work, we introduce a {\it scalable} framework to discover a subset of spurious and causal visual attributes used in inferences of a general model and localize them on a large number of images with minimal human supervision. Our methodology is based on this key idea: to identify spurious or causal \textit{visual attributes} used in model predictions, we identify spurious or causal \textit{neural features} (penultimate layer neurons of a robust model) via limited human supervision (e.g., using top 5 activating images per feature). We then show that these neural feature annotations {\it generalize} extremely well to many more images {\it without} any human supervision. We use the activation maps for these neural features as the soft masks to highlight spurious or causal visual attributes. Using this methodology, we introduce the {\it Causal Imagenet} dataset containing causal and spurious masks for a large set of samples from Imagenet. We assess the performance of several popular Imagenet models and show that they rely heavily on various spurious features in their predictions.      
