# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 6 Oct 2021
### 1.Mix3D: Out-of-Context Data Augmentation for 3D Scenes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02210.pdf)
>  We present Mix3D, a data augmentation technique for segmenting large-scale 3D scenes. Since scene context helps reasoning about object semantics, current works focus on models with large capacity and receptive fields that can fully capture the global context of an input 3D scene. However, strong contextual priors can have detrimental implications like mistaking a pedestrian crossing the street for a car. In this work, we focus on the importance of balancing global scene context and local geometry, with the goal of generalizing beyond the contextual priors in the training set. In particular, we propose a "mixing" technique which creates new training samples by combining two augmented scenes. By doing so, object instances are implicitly placed into novel out-of-context environments and therefore making it harder for models to rely on scene context alone, and instead infer semantics from local structure as well. We perform detailed analysis to understand the importance of global context, local structures and the effect of mixing scenes. In experiments, we show that models trained with Mix3D profit from a significant performance boost on indoor (ScanNet, S3DIS) and outdoor datasets (SemanticKITTI). Mix3D can be trivially used with any existing method, e.g., trained with Mix3D, MinkowskiNet outperforms all prior state-of-the-art methods by a significant margin on the ScanNet test benchmark 78.1 mIoU. Code is available at: https://nekrasov.dev/mix3d/      
### 2.Waypoint Models for Instruction-guided Navigation in Continuous Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02207.pdf)
>  Little inquiry has explicitly addressed the role of action spaces in language-guided visual navigation -- either in terms of its effect on navigation success or the efficiency with which a robotic agent could execute the resulting trajectory. Building on the recently released VLN-CE setting for instruction following in continuous environments, we develop a class of language-conditioned waypoint prediction networks to examine this question. We vary the expressivity of these models to explore a spectrum between low-level actions and continuous waypoint prediction. We measure task performance and estimated execution time on a profiled LoCoBot robot. We find more expressive models result in simpler, faster to execute trajectories, but lower-level actions can achieve better navigation metrics by approximating shortest paths better. Further, our models outperform prior work in VLN-CE and set a new state-of-the-art on the public leaderboard -- increasing success rate by 4% with our best model on this challenging task.      
### 3.MobileViT: Light-weight, General-purpose, and Mobile-friendly Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02178.pdf)
>  Light-weight convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are the de-facto for mobile vision tasks. Their spatial inductive biases allow them to learn representations with fewer parameters across different vision tasks. However, these networks are spatially local. To learn global representations, self-attention-based vision trans-formers (ViTs) have been adopted. Unlike CNNs, ViTs are heavy-weight. In this paper, we ask the following question: is it possible to combine the strengths of CNNs and ViTs to build a light-weight and low latency network for mobile vision tasks? Towards this end, we introduce MobileViT, a light-weight and general-purpose vision transformer for mobile devices. MobileViT presents a different perspective for the global processing of information with transformers, i.e., transformers as convolutions. Our results show that MobileViT significantly outperforms CNN- and ViT-based networks across different tasks and datasets. On the ImageNet-1k dataset, MobileViT achieves top-1 accuracy of 78.4% with about 6 million parameters, which is 3.2% and 6.2% more accurate than MobileNetv3 (CNN-based) and DeIT (ViT-based) for a similar number of parameters. On the MS-COCO object detection task, MobileViT is 5.7% more accurate than Mo-bileNetv3 for a similar number of parameters.      
### 4.$\textit{FacialFilmroll}$: High-resolution multi-shot video editing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02124.pdf)
>  We present $\textit{FacialFilmroll}$, a solution for spatially and temporally consistent editing of faces in one or multiple shots. We build upon unwrap mosaic [Rav-Acha et al. 2008] by specializing it to faces. We leverage recent techniques to fit a 3D face model on monocular videos to (i) improve the quality of the mosaic for edition and (ii) permit the automatic transfer of edits from one shot to other shots of the same actor. We explain how $\textit{FacialFilmroll}$ is integrated in post-production facility. Finally, we present video editing results using $\textit{FacialFilmroll}$ on high resolution videos.      
### 5.Efficient Modelling Across Time of Human Actions and Interactions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02120.pdf)
>  This thesis focuses on video understanding for human action and interaction recognition. We start by identifying the main challenges related to action recognition from videos and review how they have been addressed by current methods. <br>Based on these challenges, and by focusing on the temporal aspect of actions, we argue that current fixed-sized spatio-temporal kernels in 3D convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can be improved to better deal with temporal variations in the input. Our contributions are based on the enlargement of the convolutional receptive fields through the introduction of spatio-temporal size-varying segments of videos, as well as the discovery of the local feature relevance over the entire video sequence. The resulting extracted features encapsulate information that includes the importance of local features across multiple temporal durations, as well as the entire video sequence. <br>Subsequently, we study how we can better handle variations between classes of actions, by enhancing their feature differences over different layers of the architecture. The hierarchical extraction of features models variations of relatively similar classes the same as very dissimilar classes. Therefore, distinctions between similar classes are less likely to be modelled. The proposed approach regularises feature maps by amplifying features that correspond to the class of the video that is processed. We move away from class-agnostic networks and make early predictions based on feature amplification mechanism. <br>The proposed approaches are evaluated on several benchmark action recognition datasets and show competitive results. In terms of performance, we compete with the state-of-the-art while being more efficient in terms of GFLOPs. <br>Finally, we present a human-understandable approach aimed at providing visual explanations for features learned over spatio-temporal networks.      
### 6.Self-Supervised Generative Style Transfer for One-Shot Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02117.pdf)
>  In medical image segmentation, supervised deep networks' success comes at the cost of requiring abundant labeled data. While asking domain experts to annotate only one or a few of the cohort's images is feasible, annotating all available images is impractical. This issue is further exacerbated when pre-trained deep networks are exposed to a new image dataset from an unfamiliar distribution. Using available open-source data for ad-hoc transfer learning or hand-tuned techniques for data augmentation only provides suboptimal solutions. Motivated by atlas-based segmentation, we propose a novel volumetric self-supervised learning for data augmentation capable of synthesizing volumetric image-segmentation pairs via learning transformations from a single labeled atlas to the unlabeled data. Our work's central tenet benefits from a combined view of one-shot generative learning and the proposed self-supervised training strategy that cluster unlabeled volumetric images with similar styles together. Unlike previous methods, our method does not require input volumes at inference time to synthesize new images. Instead, it can generate diversified volumetric image-segmentation pairs from a prior distribution given a single or multi-site dataset. Augmented data generated by our method used to train the segmentation network provide significant improvements over state-of-the-art deep one-shot learning methods on the task of brain MRI segmentation. Ablation studies further exemplified that the proposed appearance model and joint training are crucial to synthesize realistic examples compared to existing medical registration methods. The code, data, and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/devavratTomar/SST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.A Methodology to Identify Cognition Gaps in Visual Recognition Applications Based on Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02080.pdf)
>  Developing consistently well performing visual recognition applications based on convolutional neural networks, e.g. for autonomous driving, is very challenging. One of the obstacles during the development is the opaqueness of their cognitive behaviour. A considerable amount of literature has been published which describes irrational behaviour of trained CNNs showcasing gaps in their cognition. In this paper, a methodology is presented that creates worstcase images using image augmentation techniques. If the CNN's cognitive performance on such images is weak while the augmentation techniques are supposedly harmless, a potential gap in the cognition has been found. The presented worst-case image generator is using adversarial search approaches to efficiently identify the most challenging image. This is evaluated with the well-known AlexNet CNN using images depicting a typical driving scenario.      
### 8.Spatial Context Awareness for Unsupervised Change Detection in Optical Satellite Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02068.pdf)
>  Detecting changes on the ground in multitemporal Earth observation data is one of the key problems in remote sensing. In this paper, we introduce Sibling Regression for Optical Change detection (SiROC), an unsupervised method for change detection in optical satellite images with medium and high resolution. SiROC is a spatial context-based method that models a pixel as a linear combination of its distant neighbors. It uses this model to analyze differences in the pixel and its spatial context-based predictions in subsequent time periods for change detection. We combine this spatial context-based change detection with ensembling over mutually exclusive neighborhoods and transitioning from pixel to object-level changes with morphological operations. SiROC achieves competitive performance for change detection with medium-resolution Sentinel-2 and high-resolution Planetscope imagery on four datasets. Besides accurate predictions without the need for training, SiROC also provides a well-calibrated uncertainty of its predictions. This makes the method especially useful in conjunction with deep-learning based methods for applications such as pseudo-labeling.      
### 9.Multi-Object Tracking with Deep Learning Ensemble for Unmanned Aerial System Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02044.pdf)
>  Multi-object tracking (MOT) is a crucial component of situational awareness in military defense applications. With the growing use of unmanned aerial systems (UASs), MOT methods for aerial surveillance is in high demand. Application of MOT in UAS presents specific challenges such as moving sensor, changing zoom levels, dynamic background, illumination changes, obscurations and small objects. In this work, we present a robust object tracking architecture aimed to accommodate for the noise in real-time situations. We propose a kinematic prediction model, called Deep Extended Kalman Filter (DeepEKF), in which a sequence-to-sequence architecture is used to predict entity trajectories in latent space. DeepEKF utilizes a learned image embedding along with an attention mechanism trained to weight the importance of areas in an image to predict future states. For the visual scoring, we experiment with different similarity measures to calculate distance based on entity appearances, including a convolutional neural network (CNN) encoder, pre-trained using Siamese networks. In initial evaluation experiments, we show that our method, combining scoring structure of the kinematic and visual models within a MHT framework, has improved performance especially in edge cases where entity motion is unpredictable, or the data presents frames with significant gaps.      
### 10.FooDI-ML: a large multi-language dataset of food, drinks and groceries images and descriptions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02035.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce the Food Drinks and groceries Images Multi Lingual (FooDI-ML) dataset. This dataset contains over 1.5M unique images and over 9.5M store names, product names descriptions, and collection sections gathered from the Glovo application. The data made available corresponds to food, drinks and groceries products from 37 countries in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Latin America. The dataset comprehends 33 languages, including 870K samples of languages of countries from Eastern Europe and Western Asia such as Ukrainian and Kazakh, which have been so far underrepresented in publicly available visio-linguistic datasets. The dataset also includes widely spoken languages such as Spanish and English. To assist further research, we include a benchmark over the text-image retrieval task using ADAPT, a SotA existing technique.      
### 11.Structured Bird's-Eye-View Traffic Scene Understanding from Onboard Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01997.pdf)
>  Autonomous navigation requires structured representation of the road network and instance-wise identification of the other traffic agents. Since the traffic scene is defined on the ground plane, this corresponds to scene understanding in the bird's-eye-view (BEV). However, the onboard cameras of autonomous cars are customarily mounted horizontally for a better view of the surrounding, making this task very challenging. In this work, we study the problem of extracting a directed graph representing the local road network in BEV coordinates, from a single onboard camera image. Moreover, we show that the method can be extended to detect dynamic objects on the BEV plane. The semantics, locations, and orientations of the detected objects together with the road graph facilitates a comprehensive understanding of the scene. Such understanding becomes fundamental for the downstream tasks, such as path planning and navigation. We validate our approach against powerful baselines and show that our network achieves superior performance. We also demonstrate the effects of various design choices through ablation studies. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ybarancan/STSU" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 12.Anchor-free Oriented Proposal Generator for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01931.pdf)
>  Oriented object detection is a practical and challenging task in remote sensing image interpretation. Nowadays, oriented detectors mostly use horizontal boxes as intermedium to derive oriented boxes from them. However, the horizontal boxes are inclined to get a small Intersection-over-Unions (IoUs) with ground truths, which may have some undesirable effects, such as introducing redundant noise, mismatching with ground truths, detracting from the robustness of detectors, etc. In this paper, we propose a novel Anchor-free Oriented Proposal Generator (AOPG) that abandons the horizontal boxes-related operations from the network architecture. AOPG first produces coarse oriented boxes by Coarse Location Module (CLM) in an anchor-free manner and then refines them into high-quality oriented proposals. After AOPG, we apply a Fast R-CNN head to produce the final detection results. Furthermore, the shortage of large-scale datasets is also a hindrance to the development of oriented object detection. To alleviate the data insufficiency, we release a new dataset on the basis of our DIOR dataset and name it DIOR-R. Massive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of AOPG. Particularly, without bells and whistles, we achieve the highest accuracy of 64.41$\%$, 75.24$\%$ and 96.22$\%$ mAP on the DIOR-R, DOTA and HRSC2016 datasets respectively. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jbwang1997/AOPG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.RapidAI4EO: A Corpus for Higher Spatial and Temporal Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01919.pdf)
>  Under the sponsorship of the European Union Horizon 2020 program, RapidAI4EO will establish the foundations for the next generation of Copernicus Land Monitoring Service (CLMS) products. The project aims to provide intensified monitoring of Land Use (LU), Land Cover (LC), and LU change at a much higher level of detail and temporal cadence than it is possible today. Focus is on disentangling phenology from structural change and in providing critical training data to drive advancement in the Copernicus community and ecosystem well beyond the lifetime of this project. To this end we are creating the densest spatiotemporal training sets ever by fusing open satellite data with Planet imagery at as many as 500,000 patch locations over Europe and delivering high resolution daily time series at all locations. We plan to open source these datasets for the benefit of the entire remote sensing community.      
### 14.De-rendering Stylized Texts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01890.pdf)
>  Editing raster text is a promising but challenging task. We propose to apply text vectorization for the task of raster text editing in display media, such as posters, web pages, or advertisements. In our approach, instead of applying image transformation or generation in the raster domain, we learn a text vectorization model to parse all the rendering parameters including text, location, size, font, style, effects, and hidden background, then utilize those parameters for reconstruction and any editing task. Our text vectorization takes advantage of differentiable text rendering to accurately reproduce the input raster text in a resolution-free parametric format. We show in the experiments that our approach can successfully parse text, styling, and background information in the unified model, and produces artifact-free text editing compared to a raster baseline.      
### 15.Frequency Aware Face Hallucination Generative Adversarial Network with Semantic Structural Constraint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01880.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the issue of face hallucination. Most current face hallucination methods rely on two-dimensional facial priors to generate high resolution face images from low resolution face images. These methods are only capable of assimilating global information into the generated image. Still there exist some inherent problems in these methods; such as, local features, subtle structural details and missing depth information in final output image. Present work proposes a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) based novel progressive Face Hallucination (FH) network to address these issues present among current methods. The generator of the proposed model comprises of FH network and two sub-networks, assisting FH network to generate high resolution images. The first sub-network leverages on explicitly adding high frequency components into the model. To explicitly encode the high frequency components, an auto encoder is proposed to generate high resolution coefficients of Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT). To add three dimensional parametric information into the network, second sub-network is proposed. This network uses a shape model of 3D Morphable Models (3DMM) to add structural constraint to the FH network. Extensive experimentation results in the paper shows that the proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 16.Adversarial Attacks on Black Box Video Classifiers: Leveraging the Power of Geometric Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01823.pdf)
>  When compared to the image classification models, black-box adversarial attacks against video classification models have been largely understudied. This could be possible because, with video, the temporal dimension poses significant additional challenges in gradient estimation. Query-efficient black-box attacks rely on effectively estimated gradients towards maximizing the probability of misclassifying the target video. In this work, we demonstrate that such effective gradients can be searched for by parameterizing the temporal structure of the search space with geometric transformations. Specifically, we design a novel iterative algorithm Geometric TRAnsformed Perturbations (GEO-TRAP), for attacking video classification models. GEO-TRAP employs standard geometric transformation operations to reduce the search space for effective gradients into searching for a small group of parameters that define these operations. This group of parameters describes the geometric progression of gradients, resulting in a reduced and structured search space. Our algorithm inherently leads to successful perturbations with surprisingly few queries. For example, adversarial examples generated from GEO-TRAP have better attack success rates with ~73.55% fewer queries compared to the state-of-the-art method for video adversarial attacks on the widely used Jester dataset. Overall, our algorithm exposes vulnerabilities of diverse video classification models and achieves new state-of-the-art results under black-box settings on two large datasets.      
### 17.UHP-SOT: An Unsupervised High-Performance Single Object Tracker  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01812.pdf)
>  An unsupervised online object tracking method that exploits both foreground and background correlations is proposed and named UHP-SOT (Unsupervised High-Performance Single Object Tracker) in this work. UHP-SOT consists of three modules: 1) appearance model update, 2) background motion modeling, and 3) trajectory-based box prediction. A state-of-the-art discriminative correlation filters (DCF) based tracker is adopted by UHP-SOT as the first module. We point out shortcomings of using the first module alone such as failure in recovering from tracking loss and inflexibility in object box adaptation and then propose the second and third modules to overcome them. Both are novel in single object tracking (SOT). We test UHP-SOT on two popular object tracking benchmarks, TB-50 and TB-100, and show that it outperforms all previous unsupervised SOT methods, achieves a performance comparable with the best supervised deep-learning-based SOT methods, and operates at a fast speed (i.e. 22.7-32.0 FPS on a CPU).      
### 18.MetaPix: Domain Transfer for Semantic Segmentation by Meta Pixel Weighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01777.pdf)
>  Training a deep neural model for semantic segmentation requires collecting a large amount of pixel-level labeled data. To alleviate the data scarcity problem presented in the real world, one could utilize synthetic data whose label is easy to obtain. Previous work has shown that the performance of a semantic segmentation model can be improved by training jointly with real and synthetic examples with a proper weighting on the synthetic data. Such weighting was learned by a heuristic to maximize the similarity between synthetic and real examples. In our work, we instead learn a pixel-level weighting of the synthetic data by meta-learning, i.e., the learning of weighting should only be minimizing the loss on the target task. We achieve this by gradient-on-gradient technique to propagate the target loss back into the parameters of the weighting model. The experiments show that our method with only one single meta module can outperform a complicated combination of an adversarial feature alignment, a reconstruction loss, plus a hierarchical heuristic weighting at pixel, region and image levels.      
### 19.Deep Instance Segmentation with High-Resolution Automotive Radar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01775.pdf)
>  Automotive radar has been widely used in the modern advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and autonomous driving system as it provides reliable environmental perception in all-weather conditions with affordable cost. However, automotive radar usually only plays as an auxiliary sensor since it hardly supplies semantic and geometry information due to the sparsity of radar detection points. Nonetheless, as development of high-resolution automotive radar in recent years, more advanced perception functionality like instance segmentation which has only been well explored using Lidar point clouds, becomes possible by using automotive radar. Its data comes with rich contexts such as Radar Cross Section (RCS) and micro-doppler effects which may potentially be pertinent, and sometimes can even provide detection when the field of view is completely obscured. Therefore, the effective utilization of radar detection points data is an integral part of automotive perception. The outcome from instance segmentation could be seen as comparable result of clustering, and could be potentially used as the input of tracker for tracking the targets. In this paper, we propose two efficient methods for instance segmentation with radar detection points, one is implemented in an end-to-end deep learning driven fashion using PointNet++ framework, and the other is based on clustering of the radar detection points with semantic information. Both approaches can be further improved by implementing visual multi-layer perceptron (MLP). The effectiveness of the proposed methods is verified using experimental results on the recent RadarScenes dataset.      
### 20.HighlightMe: Detecting Highlights from Human-Centric Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01774.pdf)
>  We present a domain- and user-preference-agnostic approach to detect highlightable excerpts from human-centric videos. Our method works on the graph-based representation of multiple observable human-centric modalities in the videos, such as poses and faces. We use an autoencoder network equipped with spatial-temporal graph convolutions to detect human activities and interactions based on these modalities. We train our network to map the activity- and interaction-based latent structural representations of the different modalities to per-frame highlight scores based on the representativeness of the frames. We use these scores to compute which frames to highlight and stitch contiguous frames to produce the excerpts. We train our network on the large-scale AVA-Kinetics action dataset and evaluate it on four benchmark video highlight datasets: DSH, TVSum, PHD2, and SumMe. We observe a 4-12% improvement in the mean average precision of matching the human-annotated highlights over state-of-the-art methods in these datasets, without requiring any user-provided preferences or dataset-specific fine-tuning.      
### 21.Procedure Planning in Instructional Videos via Contextual Modeling and Model-based Policy Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01770.pdf)
>  Learning new skills by observing humans' behaviors is an essential capability of AI. In this work, we leverage instructional videos to study humans' decision-making processes, focusing on learning a model to plan goal-directed actions in real-life videos. In contrast to conventional action recognition, goal-directed actions are based on expectations of their outcomes requiring causal knowledge of potential consequences of actions. Thus, integrating the environment structure with goals is critical for solving this task. Previous works learn a single world model will fail to distinguish various tasks, resulting in an ambiguous latent space; planning through it will gradually neglect the desired outcomes since the global information of the future goal degrades quickly as the procedure evolves. We address these limitations with a new formulation of procedure planning and propose novel algorithms to model human behaviors through Bayesian Inference and model-based Imitation Learning. Experiments conducted on real-world instructional videos show that our method can achieve state-of-the-art performance in reaching the indicated goals. Furthermore, the learned contextual information presents interesting features for planning in a latent space.      
### 22.Quantified Facial Expressiveness for Affective Behavior Analytics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01758.pdf)
>  The quantified measurement of facial expressiveness is crucial to analyze human affective behavior at scale. Unfortunately, methods for expressiveness quantification at the video frame-level are largely unexplored, unlike the study of discrete expression. In this work, we propose an algorithm that quantifies facial expressiveness using a bounded, continuous expressiveness score using multimodal facial features, such as action units (AUs), landmarks, head pose, and gaze. The proposed algorithm more heavily weights AUs with high intensities and large temporal changes. The proposed algorithm can compute the expressiveness in terms of discrete expression, and can be used to perform tasks including facial behavior tracking and subjectivity quantification in context. Our results on benchmark datasets show the proposed algorithm is effective in terms of capturing temporal changes and expressiveness, measuring subjective differences in context, and extracting useful insight.      
### 23.An Integrated System for Mobile Image-Based Dietary Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01754.pdf)
>  Accurate assessment of dietary intake requires improved tools to overcome limitations of current methods including user burden and measurement error. Emerging technologies such as image-based approaches using advanced machine learning techniques coupled with widely available mobile devices present new opportunities to improve the accuracy of dietary assessment that is cost-effective, convenient and timely. However, the quality and quantity of datasets are essential for achieving good performance for automated image analysis. Building a large image dataset with high quality groundtruth annotation is a challenging problem, especially for food images as the associated nutrition information needs to be provided or verified by trained dietitians with domain knowledge. In this paper, we present the design and development of a mobile, image-based dietary assessment system to capture and analyze dietary intake, which has been deployed in both controlled-feeding and community-dwelling dietary studies. Our system is capable of collecting high quality food images in naturalistic settings and provides groundtruth annotations for developing new computational approaches.      
### 24.Let there be a clock on the beach: Reducing Object Hallucination in Image Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01705.pdf)
>  Explaining an image with missing or non-existent objects is known as object bias (hallucination) in image captioning. This behaviour is quite common in the state-of-the-art captioning models which is not desirable by humans. To decrease the object hallucination in captioning, we propose three simple yet efficient training augmentation method for sentences which requires no new training data or increase in the model size. By extensive analysis, we show that the proposed methods can significantly diminish our models' object bias on hallucination metrics. Moreover, we experimentally demonstrate that our methods decrease the dependency on the visual features. All of our code, configuration files and model weights will be made public.      
### 25.How You Move Your Head Tells What You Do: Self-supervised Video Representation Learning with Egocentric Cameras and IMU Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01680.pdf)
>  Understanding users' activities from head-mounted cameras is a fundamental task for Augmented and Virtual Reality (AR/VR) applications. A typical approach is to train a classifier in a supervised manner using data labeled by humans. This approach has limitations due to the expensive annotation cost and the closed coverage of activity labels. A potential way to address these limitations is to use self-supervised learning (SSL). Instead of relying on human annotations, SSL leverages intrinsic properties of data to learn representations. We are particularly interested in learning egocentric video representations benefiting from the head-motion generated by users' daily activities, which can be easily obtained from IMU sensors embedded in AR/VR devices. Towards this goal, we propose a simple but effective approach to learn video representation by learning to tell the corresponding pairs of video clip and head-motion. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our learned representation for recognizing egocentric activities of people and dogs.      
### 26.Deep Learning Approach Protecting Privacy in Camera-Based Critical Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01676.pdf)
>  Many critical applications rely on cameras to capture video footage for analytical purposes. This has led to concerns about these cameras accidentally capturing more information than is necessary. In this paper, we propose a deep learning approach towards protecting privacy in camera-based systems. Instead of specifying specific objects (e.g. faces) are privacy sensitive, our technique distinguishes between salient (visually prominent) and non-salient objects based on the intuition that the latter is unlikely to be needed by the application.      
### 27.HDR-cGAN: Single LDR to HDR Image Translation using Conditional GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01660.pdf)
>  The prime goal of digital imaging techniques is to reproduce the realistic appearance of a scene. Low Dynamic Range (LDR) cameras are incapable of representing the wide dynamic range of the real-world scene. The captured images turn out to be either too dark (underexposed) or too bright (overexposed). Specifically, saturation in overexposed regions makes the task of reconstructing a High Dynamic Range (HDR) image from single LDR image challenging. In this paper, we propose a deep learning based approach to recover details in the saturated areas while reconstructing the HDR image. We formulate this problem as an image-to-image (I2I) translation task. To this end, we present a novel conditional GAN (cGAN) based framework trained in an end-to-end fashion over the HDR-REAL and HDR-SYNTH datasets. Our framework uses an overexposed mask obtained from a pre-trained segmentation model to facilitate the hallucination task of adding details in the saturated regions. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method by performing an extensive quantitative and qualitative comparison with several state-of-the-art single-image HDR reconstruction techniques.      
### 28.VTAMIQ: Transformers for Attention Modulated Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01655.pdf)
>  Following the major successes of self-attention and Transformers for image analysis, we investigate the use of such attention mechanisms in the context of Image Quality Assessment (IQA) and propose a novel full-reference IQA method, Vision Transformer for Attention Modulated Image Quality (VTAMIQ). Our method achieves competitive or state-of-the-art performance on the existing IQA datasets and significantly outperforms previous metrics in cross-database evaluations. Most patch-wise IQA methods treat each patch independently; this partially discards global information and limits the ability to model long-distance interactions. We avoid this problem altogether by employing a transformer to encode a sequence of patches as a single global representation, which by design considers interdependencies between patches. We rely on various attention mechanisms -- first with self-attention within the Transformer, and second with channel attention within our difference modulation network -- specifically to reveal and enhance the more salient features throughout our architecture. With large-scale pre-training for both classification and IQA tasks, VTAMIQ generalizes well to unseen sets of images and distortions, further demonstrating the strength of transformer-based networks for vision modelling.      
### 29.Pixel-Level Bijective Matching for Video Object Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01644.pdf)
>  Semi-supervised video object segmentation (VOS) aims to track the designated objects present in the initial frame of a video at the pixel level. To fully exploit the appearance information of an object, pixel-level feature matching is widely used in VOS. Conventional feature matching runs in a surjective manner, i.e., only the best matches from the query frame to the reference frame are considered. Each location in the query frame refers to the optimal location in the reference frame regardless of how often each reference frame location is referenced. This works well in most cases and is robust against rapid appearance variations, but may cause critical errors when the query frame contains background distractors that look similar to the target object. To mitigate this concern, we introduce a bijective matching mechanism to find the best matches from the query frame to the reference frame and vice versa. Before finding the best matches for the query frame pixels, the optimal matches for the reference frame pixels are first considered to prevent each reference frame pixel from being overly referenced. As this mechanism operates in a strict manner, i.e., pixels are connected if and only if they are the sure matches for each other, it can effectively eliminate background distractors. In addition, we propose a mask embedding module to improve the existing mask propagation method. By embedding multiple historic masks with coordinate information, it can effectively capture the position information of a target object.      
### 30.Investigating Fairness of Ocular Biometrics Among Young, Middle-Aged, and Older Adults  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01641.pdf)
>  A number of studies suggest bias of the face biometrics, i.e., face recognition and soft-biometric estimation methods, across gender, race, and age groups. There is a recent urge to investigate the bias of different biometric modalities toward the deployment of fair and trustworthy biometric solutions. Ocular biometrics has obtained increased attention from academia and industry due to its high accuracy, security, privacy, and ease of use in mobile devices. A recent study in $2020$ also suggested the fairness of ocular-based user recognition across males and females. This paper aims to evaluate the fairness of ocular biometrics in the visible spectrum among age groups; young, middle, and older adults. Thanks to the availability of the latest large-scale 2020 UFPR ocular biometric dataset, with subjects acquired in the age range 18 - 79 years, to facilitate this study. Experimental results suggest the overall equivalent performance of ocular biometrics across gender and age groups in user verification and gender classification. Performance difference for older adults at lower false match rate and young adults was noted at user verification and age classification, respectively. This could be attributed to inherent characteristics of the biometric data from these age groups impacting specific applications, which suggest a need for advancement in sensor technology and software solutions.      
### 31.An Experimental Evaluation on Deepfake Detection using Deep Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01640.pdf)
>  Significant advances in deep learning have obtained hallmark accuracy rates for various computer vision applications. However, advances in deep generative models have also led to the generation of very realistic fake content, also known as deepfakes, causing a threat to privacy, democracy, and national security. Most of the current deepfake detection methods are deemed as a binary classification problem in distinguishing authentic images or videos from fake ones using two-class convolutional neural networks (CNNs). These methods are based on detecting visual artifacts, temporal or color inconsistencies produced by deep generative models. However, these methods require a large amount of real and fake data for model training and their performance drops significantly in cross dataset evaluation with samples generated using advanced deepfake generation techniques. In this paper, we thoroughly evaluate the efficacy of deep face recognition in identifying deepfakes, using different loss functions and deepfake generation techniques. Experimental investigations on challenging Celeb-DF and FaceForensics++ deepfake datasets suggest the efficacy of deep face recognition in identifying deepfakes over two-class CNNs and the ocular modality. Reported results suggest a maximum Area Under Curve (AUC) of 0.98 and an Equal Error Rate (EER) of 7.1% in detecting deepfakes using face recognition on the Celeb-DF dataset. This EER is lower by 16.6% compared to the EER obtained for the two-class CNN and the ocular modality on the Celeb-DF dataset. Further on the FaceForensics++ dataset, an AUC of 0.99 and EER of 2.04% were obtained. The use of biometric facial recognition technology has the advantage of bypassing the need for a large amount of fake data for model training and obtaining better generalizability to evolving deepfake creation techniques.      
### 32.$Δ$-UQ: Accurate Uncertainty Quantification via Anchor Marginalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02197.pdf)
>  We present $\Delta$-UQ -- a novel, general-purpose uncertainty estimator using the concept of anchoring in predictive models. Anchoring works by first transforming the input into a tuple consisting of an anchor point drawn from a prior distribution, and a combination of the input sample with the anchor using a pretext encoding scheme. This encoding is such that the original input can be perfectly recovered from the tuple -- regardless of the choice of the anchor. Therefore, any predictive model should be able to predict the target response from the tuple alone (since it implicitly represents the input). Moreover, by varying the anchors for a fixed sample, we can estimate uncertainty in the prediction even using only a single predictive model. We find this uncertainty is deeply connected to improper sampling of the input data, and inherent noise, enabling us to estimate the total uncertainty in any system. With extensive empirical studies on a variety of use-cases, we demonstrate that $\Delta$-UQ outperforms several competitive baselines. Specifically, we study model fitting, sequential model optimization, model based inversion in the regression setting and out of distribution detection, &amp; calibration under distribution shifts for classification.      
### 33.Transfer Learning U-Net Deep Learning for Lung Ultrasound Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02196.pdf)
>  Transfer learning (TL) for medical image segmentation helps deep learning models achieve more accurate performances when there are scarce medical images. This study focuses on completing segmentation of the ribs from lung ultrasound images and finding the best TL technique with U-Net, a convolutional neural network for precise and fast image segmentation. Two approaches of TL were used, using a pre-trained VGG16 model to build the U-Net (V-Unet) and pre-training U-Net network with grayscale natural salient object dataset (X-Unet). Visual results and dice coefficients (DICE) of the models were compared. X-Unet showed more accurate and artifact-free visual performances on the actual mask prediction, despite its lower DICE than V-Unet. A partial-frozen network fine-tuning (FT) technique was also applied to X-Unet to compare results between different FT strategies, which FT all layers slightly outperformed freezing part of the network. The effect of dataset sizes was also evaluated, showing the importance of the combination between TL and data augmentation.      
### 34.Machine learning attack on copy detection patterns: are 1x1 patterns cloneable?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02176.pdf)
>  Nowadays, the modern economy critically requires reliable yet cheap protection solutions against product counterfeiting for the mass market. Copy detection patterns (CDP) are considered as such solution in several applications. It is assumed that being printed at the maximum achievable limit of a printing resolution of an industrial printer with the smallest symbol size 1x1 elements, the CDP cannot be copied with sufficient accuracy and thus are unclonable. In this paper, we challenge this hypothesis and consider a copy attack against the CDP based on machine learning. The experimental based on samples produced on two industrial printers demonstrate that simple detection metrics used in the CDP authentication cannot reliably distinguish the original CDP from their fakes. Thus, the paper calls for a need of careful reconsideration of CDP cloneability and search for new authentication techniques and CDP optimization because of the current attack.      
### 35.Exploring the Limits of Large Scale Pre-training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.02095.pdf)
>  Recent developments in large-scale machine learning suggest that by scaling up data, model size and training time properly, one might observe that improvements in pre-training would transfer favorably to most downstream tasks. In this work, we systematically study this phenomena and establish that, as we increase the upstream accuracy, the performance of downstream tasks saturates. In particular, we investigate more than 4800 experiments on Vision Transformers, MLP-Mixers and ResNets with number of parameters ranging from ten million to ten billion, trained on the largest scale of available image data (JFT, ImageNet21K) and evaluated on more than 20 downstream image recognition tasks. We propose a model for downstream performance that reflects the saturation phenomena and captures the nonlinear relationship in performance of upstream and downstream tasks. Delving deeper to understand the reasons that give rise to these phenomena, we show that the saturation behavior we observe is closely related to the way that representations evolve through the layers of the models. We showcase an even more extreme scenario where performance on upstream and downstream are at odds with each other. That is, to have a better downstream performance, we need to hurt upstream accuracy.      
### 36.Distribution Mismatch Correction for Improved Robustness in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01955.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks rely heavily on normalization methods to improve their performance and learning behavior. Although normalization methods spurred the development of increasingly deep and efficient architectures, they also increase the vulnerability with respect to noise and input corruptions. In most applications, however, noise is ubiquitous and diverse; this can often lead to complete failure of machine learning systems as they fail to cope with mismatches between the input distribution during training- and test-time. The most common normalization method, batch normalization, reduces the distribution shift during training but is agnostic to changes in the input distribution during test time. This makes batch normalization prone to performance degradation whenever noise is present during test-time. Sample-based normalization methods can correct linear transformations of the activation distribution but cannot mitigate changes in the distribution shape; this makes the network vulnerable to distribution changes that cannot be reflected in the normalization parameters. We propose an unsupervised non-parametric distribution correction method that adapts the activation distribution of each layer. This reduces the mismatch between the training and test-time distribution by minimizing the 1-D Wasserstein distance. In our experiments, we empirically show that the proposed method effectively reduces the impact of intense image corruptions and thus improves the classification performance without the need for retraining or fine-tuning the model.      
### 37.Double Encoder-Decoder Networks for Gastrointestinal Polyp Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01939.pdf)
>  Polyps represent an early sign of the development of Colorectal Cancer. The standard procedure for their detection consists of colonoscopic examination of the gastrointestinal tract. However, the wide range of polyp shapes and visual appearances, as well as the reduced quality of this image modality, turn their automatic identification and segmentation with computational tools into a challenging computer vision task. In this work, we present a new strategy for the delineation of gastrointestinal polyps from endoscopic images based on a direct extension of common encoder-decoder networks for semantic segmentation. In our approach, two pretrained encoder-decoder networks are sequentially stacked: the second network takes as input the concatenation of the original frame and the initial prediction generated by the first network, which acts as an attention mechanism enabling the second network to focus on interesting areas within the image, thereby improving the quality of its predictions. Quantitative evaluation carried out on several polyp segmentation databases shows that double encoder-decoder networks clearly outperform their single encoder-decoder counterparts in all cases. In addition, our best double encoder-decoder combination attains excellent segmentation accuracy and reaches state-of-the-art performance results in all the considered datasets, with a remarkable boost of accuracy on images extracted from datasets not used for training.      
### 38.CNN-based Human Detection for UAVs in Search and Rescue  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01930.pdf)
>  The use of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) as a substitute for ordinary vehicles in applications of search and rescue is being studied all over the world due to its flexible mobility and less obstruction, including two main tasks: search and rescue. This paper proposes an approach for the first task of searching and detecting victims using a type of convolutional neural network technique, the Single Shot Detector (SSD) model, with the Quadcopter hardware platform, a type of UAVs. The model used in the research is a pre-trained model and is applied to test on a Raspberry Pi model B, which is attached on a Quadcopter, while a single camera is equipped at the bottom of the Quadcopter to look from above for search and detection. The Quadcopter in this research is a DIY hardware model that uses accelerometer and gyroscope sensors and ultrasonic sensor as the essential components for balancing control, however, these sensors are susceptible to noise caused by the driving forces on the model, such as the vibration of the motors, therefore, the issues about the PID controller, noise processing for the sensors are also mentioned in the paper. Experimental results proved that the Quadcopter is able to stably flight and the SSD model works well on the Raspberry Pi model B with a processing speed of 3 fps and produces the best detection results at the distance of 1 to 20 meters to objects.      
### 39.Hypernetworks for Continual Semi-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01856.pdf)
>  Learning from data sequentially arriving, possibly in a non i.i.d. way, with changing task distribution over time is called continual learning. Much of the work thus far in continual learning focuses on supervised learning and some recent works on unsupervised learning. In many domains, each task contains a mix of labelled (typically very few) and unlabelled (typically plenty) training examples, which necessitates a semi-supervised learning approach. To address this in a continual learning setting, we propose a framework for semi-supervised continual learning called Meta-Consolidation for Continual Semi-Supervised Learning (MCSSL). Our framework has a hypernetwork that learns the meta-distribution that generates the weights of a semi-supervised auxiliary classifier generative adversarial network $(\textit{Semi-ACGAN})$ as the base network. We consolidate the knowledge of sequential tasks in the hypernetwork, and the base network learns the semi-supervised learning task. Further, we present $\textit{Semi-Split CIFAR-10}$, a new benchmark for continual semi-supervised learning, obtained by modifying the $\textit{Split CIFAR-10}$ dataset, in which the tasks with labelled and unlabelled data arrive sequentially. Our proposed model yields significant improvements in the continual semi-supervised learning setting. We compare the performance of several existing continual learning approaches on the proposed continual semi-supervised learning benchmark of the Semi-Split CIFAR-10 dataset.      
### 40.Deep reinforcement learning for guidewire navigation in coronary artery phantom  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01840.pdf)
>  In percutaneous intervention for treatment of coronary plaques, guidewire navigation is a primary procedure for stent delivery. Steering a flexible guidewire within coronary arteries requires considerable training, and the non-linearity between the control operation and the movement of the guidewire makes precise manipulation difficult. Here, we introduce a deep reinforcement learning(RL) framework for autonomous guidewire navigation in a robot-assisted coronary intervention. Using Rainbow, a segment-wise learning approach is applied to determine how best to accelerate training using human demonstrations with deep Q-learning from demonstrations (DQfD), transfer learning, and weight initialization. `State' for RL is customized as a focus window near the guidewire tip, and subgoals are placed to mitigate a sparse reward problem. The RL agent improves performance, eventually enabling the guidewire to reach all valid targets in `stable' phase. Our framework opens anew direction in the automation of robot-assisted intervention, providing guidance on RL in physical spaces involving mechanical fatigue.      
### 41.DA-DRN: Degradation-Aware Deep Retinex Network for Low-Light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01809.pdf)
>  Images obtained in real-world low-light conditions are not only low in brightness, but they also suffer from many other types of degradation, such as color distortion, unknown noise, detail loss and halo artifacts. In this paper, we propose a Degradation-Aware Deep Retinex Network (denoted as DA-DRN) for low-light image enhancement and tackle the above degradation. Based on Retinex Theory, the decomposition net in our model can decompose low-light images into reflectance and illumination maps and deal with the degradation in the reflectance during the decomposition phase directly. We propose a Degradation-Aware Module (DA Module) which can guide the training process of the decomposer and enable the decomposer to be a restorer during the training phase without additional computational cost in the test phase. DA Module can achieve the purpose of noise removal while preserving detail information into the illumination map as well as tackle color distortion and halo artifacts. We introduce Perceptual Loss to train the enhancement network to generate the brightness-improved illumination maps which are more consistent with human visual perception. We train and evaluate the performance of our proposed model over the LOL real-world and LOL synthetic datasets, and we also test our model over several other frequently used datasets without Ground-Truth (LIME, DICM, MEF and NPE datasets). We conduct extensive experiments to demonstrate that our approach achieves a promising effect with good rubustness and generalization and outperforms many other state-of-the-art methods qualitatively and quantitatively. Our method only takes 7 ms to process an image with 600x400 resolution on a TITAN Xp GPU.      
### 42.Self-Supervised Learning of Perceptually Optimized Block Motion Estimates for Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01805.pdf)
>  Block based motion estimation is integral to inter prediction processes performed in hybrid video codecs. Prevalent block matching based methods that are used to compute block motion vectors (MVs) rely on computationally intensive search procedures. They also suffer from the aperture problem, which can worsen as the block size is reduced. Moreover, the block matching criteria used in typical codecs do not account for the resulting levels of perceptual quality of the motion compensated pictures that are created upon decoding. Towards achieving the elusive goal of perceptually optimized motion estimation, we propose a search-free block motion estimation framework using a multi-stage convolutional neural network, which is able to conduct motion estimation on multiple block sizes simultaneously, using a triplet of frames as input. This composite block translation network (CBT-Net) is trained in a self-supervised manner on a large database that we created from publicly available uncompressed video content. We deploy the multi-scale structural similarity (MS-SSIM) loss function to optimize the perceptual quality of the motion compensated predicted frames. Our experimental results highlight the computational efficiency of our proposed model relative to conventional block matching based motion estimation algorithms, for comparable prediction errors. Further, when used to perform inter prediction in AV1, the MV predictions of the perceptually optimized model result in average Bjontegaard-delta rate (BD-rate) improvements of -1.70% and -1.52% with respect to the MS-SSIM and Video Multi-Method Assessment Fusion (VMAF) quality metrics, respectively as compared to the block matching based motion estimation system employed in the SVT-AV1 encoder.      
### 43.Deep Subspace analysing for Semi-Supervised multi-label classification of Diabetic Foot Ulcer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01795.pdf)
>  Diabetes is a global raising pandemic. Diabetes patients are at risk of developing foot ulcer that usually leads to limb amputation. In order to develop a self monitoring mobile application, in this work, we propose a novel deep subspace analysis pipeline for semi-supervised diabetic foot ulcer mulit-label classification. To avoid any chance of over-fitting, unlike recent state of the art deep semi-supervised methods, the proposed pipeline dose not include any data augmentation. Whereas, after extracting deep features, in order to make the representation shift invariant, we employ variety of data augmentation methods on each image and generate an image-sets, which is then mapped into a linear subspace. Moreover, the proposed pipeline reduces the cost of retraining when more new unlabelled data become available. Thus, the first stage of the pipeline employs the concept of transfer learning for feature extraction purpose through modifying and retraining a deep convolutional network architect known as Xception. Then, the output of a mid-layer is extracted to generate an image set representer of any given image with help of data augmentation methods. At this stage, each image is transferred to a linear subspace which is a point on a Grassmann Manifold topological space. Hence, to perform analyse them, the geometry of such manifold must be considered. As such, each labelled image is represented as a vector of distances to number of unlabelled images using geodesic distance on Grassmann manifold. Finally, Random Forest is trained for multi-label classification of diabetic foot ulcer images. The method is then evaluated on the blind test set provided by DFU2021 competition, and the result considerable improvement compared to using classical transfer learning with data augmentation.      
### 44.Proxy-bridged Image Reconstruction Network for Anomaly Detection in Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01761.pdf)
>  Anomaly detection in medical images refers to the identification of abnormal images with only normal images in the training set. Most existing methods solve this problem with a self-reconstruction framework, which tends to learn an identity mapping and reduces the sensitivity to anomalies. To mitigate this problem, in this paper, we propose a novel Proxy-bridged Image Reconstruction Network (ProxyAno) for anomaly detection in medical images. Specifically, we use an intermediate proxy to bridge the input image and the reconstructed image. We study different proxy types, and we find that the superpixel-image (SI) is the best one. We set all pixels' intensities within each superpixel as their average intensity, and denote this image as SI. The proposed ProxyAno consists of two modules, a Proxy Extraction Module and an Image Reconstruction Module. In the Proxy Extraction Module, a memory is introduced to memorize the feature correspondence for normal image to its corresponding SI, while the memorized correspondence does not apply to the abnormal images, which leads to the information loss for abnormal image and facilitates the anomaly detection. In the Image Reconstruction Module, we map an SI to its reconstructed image. Further, we crop a patch from the image and paste it on the normal SI to mimic the anomalies, and enforce the network to reconstruct the normal image even with the pseudo abnormal SI. In this way, our network enlarges the reconstruction error for anomalies. Extensive experiments on brain MR images, retinal OCT images and retinal fundus images verify the effectiveness of our method for both image-level and pixel-level anomaly detection.      
### 45.Bottom-up Hierarchical Classification Using Confusion-based Logit Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01756.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a method to efficiently compute label posteriors of a base flat classifier in the presence of few validation examples within a bottom-up hierarchical inference framework. A stand-alone validation set (not used to train the base classifier) is preferred for posterior estimation to avoid overfitting the base classifier, however a small validation set limits the number of features one can effectively use. We propose a simple, yet robust, logit vector compression approach based on generalized logits and label confusions for the task of label posterior estimation within the context of hierarchical classification. Extensive comparative experiments with other compression techniques are provided across multiple sized validation sets, and a comparison with related hierarchical classification approaches is also conducted. The proposed approach mitigates the problem of not having enough validation examples for reliable posterior estimation while maintaining strong hierarchical classification performance.      
### 46.AdjointBackMapV2: Precise Reconstruction of Arbitrary CNN Unit's Activation via Adjoint Operators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01736.pdf)
>  Adjoint operators have been found to be effective in the exploration of CNN's inner workings [1]. However, the previous no-bias assumption restricted its generalization. We overcome the restriction via embedding input images into an extended normed space that includes bias in all CNN layers as part of the extended input space and propose an adjoint-operator-based algorithm that maps high-level weights back to the extended input space for reconstructing an effective hypersurface. Such hypersurface can be computed for an arbitrary unit in the CNN, and we prove that this reconstructed hypersurface, when multiplied by the original input (through an inner product), will precisely replicate the output value of each unit. We show experimental results based on the CIFAR-10 dataset that the proposed approach achieves near $0$ reconstruction error.      
### 47.Using Out-of-the-Box Frameworks for Unpaired Image Translation and Image Segmentation for the crossMoDA Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01607.pdf)
>  The purpose of this study is to apply and evaluate out-of-the-box deep learning frameworks for the crossMoDA challenge. We use the CUT model for domain adaptation from contrast-enhanced T1 MR to high-resolution T2 MR. As data augmentation, we generated additional images with vestibular schwannomas with lower signal intensity. For the segmentation task, we use the nnU-Net framework. Our final submission achieved a mean Dice score of 0.8299 (0.0465) in the validation phase.      
### 48.Breast Cancer Diagnosis in Two-View Mammography Using End-to-End Trained EfficientNet-Based Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01606.pdf)
>  Some recent studies have described deep convolutional neural networks to diagnose breast cancer in mammograms with similar or even superior performance to that of human experts. Shen et al. (2019) present one of the best techniques that consists of two transfer learnings. The first uses a model trained on natural images to create a "patch classifier" that categorizes small subimages. The second uses the patch classifier to scan the whole mammogram and create the "single-view whole-image classifier". We propose to make a third transfer learning to obtain a "two-view classifier" to use the two mammographic views: bilateral craniocaudal and mediolateral oblique. We use modern EfficientNet as the basis of our model. We "end-to-end" train the entire system using CBIS-DDSM dataset. To ensure statistical robustness, we test our system twice using: (a) 5-fold cross validation; and (b) the original training/test division of the dataset. Our technique reached an AUC of 0.934 using 5-fold cross validation (sensitivity and specificity are 85.13% at the equal error rate of ROC). Using the original dataset division, our technique achieved an AUC of 0.8483, the largest AUC reported for this problem, as far as we know.      
### 49.CCS-GAN: COVID-19 CT-scan classification with very few positive training images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01605.pdf)
>  We present a novel algorithm that is able to classify COVID-19 pneumonia from CT Scan slices using a very small sample of training images exhibiting COVID-19 pneumonia in tandem with a larger number of normal images. This algorithm is able to achieve high classification accuracy using as few as 10 positive training slices (from 10 positive cases), which to the best of our knowledge is one order of magnitude fewer than the next closest published work at the time of writing. Deep learning with extremely small positive training volumes is a very difficult problem and has been an important topic during the COVID-19 pandemic, because for quite some time it was difficult to obtain large volumes of COVID-19 positive images for training. Algorithms that can learn to screen for diseases using few examples are an important area of research. We present the Cycle Consistent Segmentation Generative Adversarial Network (CCS-GAN). CCS-GAN combines style transfer with pulmonary segmentation and relevant transfer learning from negative images in order to create a larger volume of synthetic positive images for the purposes of improving diagnostic classification performance. The performance of a VGG-19 classifier plus CCS-GAN was trained using a small sample of positive image slices ranging from at most 50 down to as few as 10 COVID-19 positive CT-scan images. CCS-GAN achieves high accuracy with few positive images and thereby greatly reduces the barrier of acquiring large training volumes in order to train a diagnostic classifier for COVID-19.      
### 50.Supervised Contrastive Replay: Revisiting the Nearest Class Mean Classifier in Online Class-Incremental Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.13885.pdf)
>  Online class-incremental continual learning (CL) studies the problem of learning new classes continually from an online non-stationary data stream, intending to adapt to new data while mitigating catastrophic forgetting. While memory replay has shown promising results, the recency bias in online learning caused by the commonly used Softmax classifier remains an unsolved challenge. Although the Nearest-Class-Mean (NCM) classifier is significantly undervalued in the CL community, we demonstrate that it is a simple yet effective substitute for the Softmax classifier. It addresses the recency bias and avoids structural changes in the fully-connected layer for new classes. Moreover, we observe considerable and consistent performance gains when replacing the Softmax classifier with the NCM classifier for several state-of-the-art replay methods. To leverage the NCM classifier more effectively, data embeddings belonging to the same class should be clustered and well-separated from those with a different class label. To this end, we contribute Supervised Contrastive Replay (SCR), which explicitly encourages samples from the same class to cluster tightly in embedding space while pushing those of different classes further apart during replay-based training. Overall, we observe that our proposed SCR substantially reduces catastrophic forgetting and outperforms state-of-the-art CL methods by a significant margin on a variety of datasets.      
