# ArXiv cs.CV --Thu, 28 Oct 2021
### 1.International Workshop on Continual Semi-Supervised Learning: Introduction, Benchmarks and Baselines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14613.pdf)
>  The aim of this paper is to formalize a new continual semi-supervised learning (CSSL) paradigm, proposed to the attention of the machine learning community via the IJCAI 2021 International Workshop on Continual Semi-Supervised Learning (CSSL-IJCAI), with the aim of raising field awareness about this problem and mobilizing its effort in this direction. After a formal definition of continual semi-supervised learning and the appropriate training and testing protocols, the paper introduces two new benchmarks specifically designed to assess CSSL on two important computer vision tasks: activity recognition and crowd counting. We describe the Continual Activity Recognition (CAR) and Continual Crowd Counting (CCC) challenges built upon those benchmarks, the baseline models proposed for the challenges, and describe a simple CSSL baseline which consists in applying batch self-training in temporal sessions, for a limited number of rounds. The results show that learning from unlabelled data streams is extremely challenging, and stimulate the search for methods that can encode the dynamics of the data stream.      
### 2.TMBuD: A dataset for urban scene building detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14590.pdf)
>  Building recognition and 3D reconstruction of human made structures in urban scenarios has become an interesting and actual topic in the image processing domain. For this research topic the Computer Vision and Augmented Reality areas intersect for creating a better understanding of the urban scenario for various topics. In this paper we aim to introduce a dataset solution, the TMBuD, that is better fitted for image processing on human made structures for urban scene scenarios. The proposed dataset will allow proper evaluation of salient edges and semantic segmentation of images focusing on the street view perspective of buildings. The images that form our dataset offer various street view perspectives of buildings from urban scenarios, which allows for evaluating complex algorithms. The dataset features 160 images of buildings from Timisoara, Romania, with a resolution of 768 x 1024 pixels each.      
### 3.Boundary Guided Context Aggregation for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14587.pdf)
>  The recent studies on semantic segmentation are starting to notice the significance of the boundary information, where most approaches see boundaries as the supplement of semantic details. However, simply combing boundaries and the mainstream features cannot ensure a holistic improvement of semantics modeling. In contrast to the previous studies, we exploit boundary as a significant guidance for context aggregation to promote the overall semantic understanding of an image. To this end, we propose a Boundary guided Context Aggregation Network (BCANet), where a Multi-Scale Boundary extractor (MSB) borrowing the backbone features at multiple scales is specifically designed for accurate boundary detection. Based on which, a Boundary guided Context Aggregation module (BCA) improved from Non-local network is further proposed to capture long-range dependencies between the pixels in the boundary regions and the ones inside the objects. By aggregating the context information along the boundaries, the inner pixels of the same category achieve mutual gains and therefore the intra-class consistency is enhanced. We conduct extensive experiments on the Cityscapes and ADE20K databases, and comparable results are achieved with the state-of-the-art methods, clearly demonstrating the effectiveness of the proposed one.      
### 4.A Geometric Perspective towards Neural Calibration via Sensitivity Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14577.pdf)
>  It is well known that vision classification models suffer from poor calibration in the face of data distribution shifts. In this paper, we take a geometric approach to this problem. We propose Geometric Sensitivity Decomposition (GSD) which decomposes the norm of a sample feature embedding and the angular similarity to a target classifier into an instance-dependent and an instance-independent component. The instance-dependent component captures the sensitive information about changes in the input while the instance-independent component represents the insensitive information serving solely to minimize the loss on the training dataset. Inspired by the decomposition, we analytically derive a simple extension to current softmax-linear models, which learns to disentangle the two components during training. On several common vision models, the disentangled model outperforms other calibration methods on standard calibration metrics in the face of out-of-distribution (OOD) data and corruption with significantly less complexity. Specifically, we surpass the current state of the art by 30.8% relative improvement on corrupted CIFAR100 in Expected Calibration Error. Code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/GT-RIPL/Geometric-Sensitivity-Decomposition.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 5.Training Lightweight CNNs for Human-Nanodrone Proximity Interaction from Small Datasets using Background Randomization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14491.pdf)
>  We consider the task of visually estimating the pose of a human from images acquired by a nearby nano-drone; in this context, we propose a data augmentation approach based on synthetic background substitution to learn a lightweight CNN model from a small real-world training set. Experimental results on data from two different labs proves that the approach improves generalization to unseen environments.      
### 6.Hand gesture detection in tests performed by older adults  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14461.pdf)
>  Our team are developing a new online test that analyses hand movement features associated with ageing that can be completed remotely from the research centre. To obtain hand movement features, participants will be asked to perform a variety of hand gestures using their own computer cameras. However, it is challenging to collect high quality hand movement video data, especially for older participants, many of whom have no IT background. During the data collection process, one of the key steps is to detect whether the participants are following the test instructions correctly and also to detect similar gestures from different devices. Furthermore, we need this process to be automated and accurate as we expect many thousands of participants to complete the test. We have implemented a hand gesture detector to detect the gestures in the hand movement tests and our detection mAP is 0.782 which is better than the state-of-the-art. In this research, we have processed 20,000 images collected from hand movement tests and labelled 6,450 images to detect different hand gestures in the hand movement tests. This paper has the following three contributions. Firstly, we compared and analysed the performance of different network structures for hand gesture detection. Secondly, we have made many attempts to improve the accuracy of the model and have succeeded in improving the classification accuracy for similar gestures by implementing attention layers. Thirdly, we have created two datasets and included 20 percent of blurred images in the dataset to investigate how different network structures were impacted by noisy data, our experiments have also shown our network has better performance on the noisy dataset.      
### 7.CBIR using Pre-Trained Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14455.pdf)
>  Much of the recent research work in image retrieval, has been focused around using Neural Networks as the core component. Many of the papers in other domain have shown that training multiple models, and then combining their outcomes, provide good results. This is since, a single Neural Network model, may not extract sufficient information from the input. In this paper, we aim to follow a different approach. Instead of the using a single model, we use a pretrained Inception V3 model, and extract activation of its last fully connected layer, which forms a low dimensional representation of the image. This feature matrix, is then divided into branches and separate feature extraction is done for each branch, to obtain multiple features flattened into a vector. Such individual vectors are then combined, to get a single combined feature. We make use of CUB200-2011 Dataset, which comprises of 200 birds classes to train the model on. We achieved a training accuracy of 99.46% and validation accuracy of 84.56% for the same. On further use of 3 branched global descriptors, we improve the validation accuracy to 88.89%. For this, we made use of MS-RMAC feature extraction method.      
### 8.Revisiting Discriminator in GAN Compression: A Generator-discriminator Cooperative Compression Scheme  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14439.pdf)
>  Recently, a series of algorithms have been explored for GAN compression, which aims to reduce tremendous computational overhead and memory usages when deploying GANs on resource-constrained edge devices. However, most of the existing GAN compression work only focuses on how to compress the generator, while fails to take the discriminator into account. In this work, we revisit the role of discriminator in GAN compression and design a novel generator-discriminator cooperative compression scheme for GAN compression, termed GCC. Within GCC, a selective activation discriminator automatically selects and activates convolutional channels according to a local capacity constraint and a global coordination constraint, which help maintain the Nash equilibrium with the lightweight generator during the adversarial training and avoid mode collapse. The original generator and discriminator are also optimized from scratch, to play as a teacher model to progressively refine the pruned generator and the selective activation discriminator. A novel online collaborative distillation scheme is designed to take full advantage of the intermediate feature of the teacher generator and discriminator to further boost the performance of the lightweight generator. Extensive experiments on various GAN-based generation tasks demonstrate the effectiveness and generalization of GCC. Among them, GCC contributes to reducing 80% computational costs while maintains comparable performance in image translation tasks. Our code and models are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SJLeo/GCC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 9.Localized Super Resolution for Foreground Images using U-Net and MR-CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14413.pdf)
>  Images play a vital role in understanding data through visual representation. It gives a clear representation of the object in context. But if this image is not clear it might not be of much use. Thus, the topic of Image Super Resolution arose and many researchers have been working towards applying Computer Vision and Deep Learning Techniques to increase the quality of images. One of the applications of Super Resolution is to increase the quality of Portrait Images. Portrait Images are images which mainly focus on capturing the essence of the main object in the frame, where the object in context is highlighted whereas the background is occluded. When performing Super Resolution the model tries to increase the overall resolution of the image. But in portrait images the foreground resolution is more important than that of the background. In this paper, the performance of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture known as U-Net for Super Resolution combined with Mask Region Based CNN (MR-CNN) for foreground super resolution is analysed. This analysis is carried out based on Localized Super Resolution i.e. We pass the LR Images to a pre-trained Image Segmentation model (MR-CNN) and perform super resolution inference on the foreground or Segmented Images and compute the Structural Similarity Index (SSIM) and Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR) metrics for comparisons.      
### 10.Separating Content and Style for Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14404.pdf)
>  Unsupervised image-to-image translation aims to learn the mapping between two visual domains with unpaired samples. Existing works focus on disentangling domain-invariant content code and domain-specific style code individually for multimodal purposes. However, less attention has been paid to interpreting and manipulating the translated image. In this paper, we propose to separate the content code and style code simultaneously in a unified framework. Based on the correlation between the latent features and the high-level domain-invariant tasks, the proposed framework demonstrates superior performance in multimodal translation, interpretability and manipulation of the translated image. Experimental results show that the proposed approach outperforms the existing unsupervised image translation methods in terms of visual quality and diversity.      
### 11.Taylor Swift: Taylor Driven Temporal Modeling for Swift Future Frame Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14392.pdf)
>  While recurrent neural networks (RNNs) demonstrate outstanding capabilities in future video frame prediction, they model dynamics in a discrete time space and sequentially go through all frames until the desired future temporal step is reached. RNNs are therefore prone to accumulate the error as the number of future frames increases. In contrast, partial differential equations (PDEs) model physical phenomena like dynamics in continuous time space, however, current PDE-based approaches discretize the PDEs using e.g., the forward Euler method. In this work, we therefore propose to approximate the motion in a video by a continuous function using the Taylor series. To this end, we introduce TayloSwiftNet, a novel convolutional neural network that learns to estimate the higher order terms of the Taylor series for a given input video. TayloSwiftNet can swiftly predict any desired future frame in just one forward pass and change the temporal resolution on-the-fly. The experimental results on various datasets demonstrate the superiority of our model.      
### 12.Traffic Forecasting on Traffic Moving Snippets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14383.pdf)
>  Advances in traffic forecasting technology can greatly impact urban mobility. In the traffic4cast competition, the task of short-term traffic prediction is tackled in unprecedented detail, with traffic volume and speed information available at 5 minute intervals and high spatial resolution. To improve generalization to unknown cities, as required in the 2021 extended challenge, we propose to predict small quadratic city sections, rather than processing a full-city-raster at once. At test time, breaking down the test data into spatially-cropped overlapping snippets improves stability and robustness of the final predictions, since multiple patches covering one cell can be processed independently. With the performance on the traffic4cast test data and further experiments on a validation set it is shown that patch-wise prediction indeed improves accuracy. Further advantages can be gained with a Unet++ architecture and with an increasing number of patches per sample processed at test time. We conclude that our snippet-based method, combined with other successful network architectures proposed in the competition, can leverage performance, in particular on unseen cities. All source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NinaWie/NeurIPS2021-traffic4cast" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Temporal-attentive Covariance Pooling Networks for Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14381.pdf)
>  For video recognition task, a global representation summarizing the whole contents of the video snippets plays an important role for the final performance. However, existing video architectures usually generate it by using a simple, global average pooling (GAP) method, which has limited ability to capture complex dynamics of videos. For image recognition task, there exist evidences showing that covariance pooling has stronger representation ability than GAP. Unfortunately, such plain covariance pooling used in image recognition is an orderless representative, which cannot model spatio-temporal structure inherent in videos. Therefore, this paper proposes a Temporal-attentive Covariance Pooling(TCP), inserted at the end of deep architectures, to produce powerful video representations. Specifically, our TCP first develops a temporal attention module to adaptively calibrate spatio-temporal features for the succeeding covariance pooling, approximatively producing attentive covariance representations. Then, a temporal covariance pooling performs temporal pooling of the attentive covariance representations to characterize both intra-frame correlations and inter-frame cross-correlations of the calibrated features. As such, the proposed TCP can capture complex temporal dynamics. Finally, a fast matrix power normalization is introduced to exploit geometry of covariance representations. Note that our TCP is model-agnostic and can be flexibly integrated into any video architectures, resulting in TCPNet for effective video recognition. The extensive experiments on six benchmarks (e.g., Kinetics, Something-Something V1 and Charades) using various video architectures show our TCPNet is clearly superior to its counterparts, while having strong generalization ability. The source code is publicly available.      
### 14.Neural-PIL: Neural Pre-Integrated Lighting for Reflectance Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14373.pdf)
>  Decomposing a scene into its shape, reflectance and illumination is a fundamental problem in computer vision and graphics. Neural approaches such as NeRF have achieved remarkable success in view synthesis, but do not explicitly perform decomposition and instead operate exclusively on radiance (the product of reflectance and illumination). Extensions to NeRF, such as NeRD, can perform decomposition but struggle to accurately recover detailed illumination, thereby significantly limiting realism. We propose a novel reflectance decomposition network that can estimate shape, BRDF, and per-image illumination given a set of object images captured under varying illumination. Our key technique is a novel illumination integration network called Neural-PIL that replaces a costly illumination integral operation in the rendering with a simple network query. In addition, we also learn deep low-dimensional priors on BRDF and illumination representations using novel smooth manifold auto-encoders. Our decompositions can result in considerably better BRDF and light estimates enabling more accurate novel view-synthesis and relighting compared to prior art. Project page: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://markboss.me/publication/2021-neural-pil/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 15.ConAM: Confidence Attention Module for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14369.pdf)
>  The so-called ``attention'' is an efficient mechanism to improve the performance of convolutional neural networks. It uses contextual information to recalibrate the input to strengthen the propagation of informative features. However, the majority of the attention mechanisms only consider either local or global contextual information, which is singular to extract features. Moreover, many existing mechanisms directly use the contextual information to recalibrate the input, which unilaterally enhances the propagation of the informative features, but does not suppress the useless ones. This paper proposes a new attention mechanism module based on the correlation between local and global contextual information and we name this correlation as confidence. The novel attention mechanism extracts the local and global contextual information simultaneously, and calculates the confidence between them, then uses this confidence to recalibrate the input pixels. The extraction of local and global contextual information increases the diversity of features. The recalibration with confidence suppresses useless information while enhancing the informative one with fewer parameters. We use CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 in our experiments and explore the performance of our method's components by sufficient ablation studies. Finally, we compare our method with a various state-of-the-art convolutional neural networks and the results show that our method completely surpasses these models. We implement ConAM with the Python library, Pytorch, and the code and models will be publicly available.      
### 16.CamLessMonoDepth: Monocular Depth Estimation with Unknown Camera Parameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14347.pdf)
>  Perceiving 3D information is of paramount importance in many applications of computer vision. Recent advances in monocular depth estimation have shown that gaining such knowledge from a single camera input is possible by training deep neural networks to predict inverse depth and pose, without the necessity of ground truth data. The majority of such approaches, however, require camera parameters to be fed explicitly during training. As a result, image sequences from wild cannot be used during training. While there exist methods which also predict camera intrinsics, their performance is not on par with novel methods taking camera parameters as input. In this work, we propose a method for implicit estimation of pinhole camera intrinsics along with depth and pose, by learning from monocular image sequences alone. In addition, by utilizing efficient sub-pixel convolutions, we show that high fidelity depth estimates can be obtained. We also embed pixel-wise uncertainty estimation into the framework, to emphasize the possible applicability of this work in practical domain. Finally, we demonstrate the possibility of accurate prediction of depth information without prior knowledge of camera intrinsics, while outperforming the existing state-of-the-art approaches on KITTI benchmark.      
### 17.Feature and Label Embedding Spaces Matter in Addressing Image Classifier Bias  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14336.pdf)
>  This paper strives to address image classifier bias, with a focus on both feature and label embedding spaces. Previous works have shown that spurious correlations from protected attributes, such as age, gender, or skin tone, can cause adverse decisions. To balance potential harms, there is a growing need to identify and mitigate image classifier bias. First, we identify in the feature space a bias direction. We compute class prototypes of each protected attribute value for every class, and reveal an existing subspace that captures the maximum variance of the bias. Second, we mitigate biases by mapping image inputs to label embedding spaces. Each value of the protected attribute has its projection head where classes are embedded through a latent vector representation rather than a common one-hot encoding. Once trained, we further reduce in the feature space the bias effect by removing its direction. Evaluation on biased image datasets, for multi-class, multi-label and binary classifications, shows the effectiveness of tackling both feature and label embedding spaces in improving the fairness of the classifier predictions, while preserving classification performance.      
### 18.Multi-frequency image completion via a biologically-inspired sub-Riemannian model with frequency and phase  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14330.pdf)
>  We present a novel cortically-inspired image completion algorithm. It uses a five dimensional sub-Riemannian cortical geometry modelling the orientation, spatial frequency and phase selective behavior of the cells in the visual cortex. The algorithm extracts the orientation, frequency and phase information existing in a given two dimensional corrupted input image via a Gabor transform and represent those values in terms of cortical cell output responses in the model geometry. Then it performs completion via a diffusion concentrated in a neighbourhood along the neural connections within the model geometry. The diffusion models the activity propagation integrating orientation, frequency and phase features along the neural connections. Finally, the algorithm transforms back the diffused and completed output responses back to the two dimensional image plane.      
### 19.Inferring the Class Conditional Response Map for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14309.pdf)
>  Image-level weakly supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) relies on class activation maps (CAMs) for pseudo labels generation. As CAMs only highlight the most discriminative regions of objects, the generated pseudo labels are usually unsatisfactory to serve directly as supervision. To solve this, most existing approaches follow a multi-training pipeline to refine CAMs for better pseudo-labels, which includes: 1) re-training the classification model to generate CAMs; 2) post-processing CAMs to obtain pseudo labels; and 3) training a semantic segmentation model with the obtained pseudo labels. However, this multi-training pipeline requires complicated adjustment and additional time. To address this, we propose a class-conditional inference strategy and an activation aware mask refinement loss function to generate better pseudo labels without re-training the classifier. The class conditional inference-time approach is presented to separately and iteratively reveal the classification network's hidden object activation to generate more complete response maps. Further, our activation aware mask refinement loss function introduces a novel way to exploit saliency maps during segmentation training and refine the foreground object masks without suppressing background objects. Our method achieves superior WSSS results without requiring re-training of the classifier.      
### 20.How Important is Importance Sampling for Deep Budgeted Training?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14283.pdf)
>  Long iterative training processes for Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are commonly required to achieve state-of-the-art performance in many computer vision tasks. Importance sampling approaches might play a key role in budgeted training regimes, i.e. when limiting the number of training iterations. These approaches aim at dynamically estimating the importance of each sample to focus on the most relevant and speed up convergence. This work explores this paradigm and how a budget constraint interacts with importance sampling approaches and data augmentation techniques. We show that under budget restrictions, importance sampling approaches do not provide a consistent improvement over uniform sampling. We suggest that, given a specific budget, the best course of action is to disregard the importance and introduce adequate data augmentation; e.g. when reducing the budget to a 30% in CIFAR-10/100, RICAP data augmentation maintains accuracy, while importance sampling does not. We conclude from our work that DNNs under budget restrictions benefit greatly from variety in the training set and that finding the right samples to train on is not the most effective strategy when balancing high performance with low computational requirements. Source code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/JKHa3" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 21.2nd Place Solution for VisDA 2021 Challenge -- Universally Domain Adaptive Image Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14240.pdf)
>  The Visual Domain Adaptation (VisDA) 2021 Challenge calls for unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) methods that can deal with both input distribution shift and label set variance between the source and target domains. In this report, we introduce a universal domain adaptation (UniDA) method by aggregating several popular feature extraction and domain adaptation schemes. First, we utilize VOLO, a Transformer-based architecture with state-of-the-art performance in several visual tasks, as the backbone to extract effective feature representations. Second, we modify the open-set classifier of OVANet to recognize the unknown class with competitive accuracy and robustness. As shown in the leaderboard, our proposed UniDA method ranks the 2nd place with 48.56% ACC and 70.72% AUROC in the VisDA 2021 Challenge.      
### 22.RRNet: Relational Reasoning Network with Parallel Multi-scale Attention for Salient Object Detection in Optical Remote Sensing Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14223.pdf)
>  Salient object detection (SOD) for optical remote sensing images (RSIs) aims at locating and extracting visually distinctive objects/regions from the optical RSIs. Despite some saliency models were proposed to solve the intrinsic problem of optical RSIs (such as complex background and scale-variant objects), the accuracy and completeness are still unsatisfactory. To this end, we propose a relational reasoning network with parallel multi-scale attention for SOD in optical RSIs in this paper. The relational reasoning module that integrates the spatial and the channel dimensions is designed to infer the semantic relationship by utilizing high-level encoder features, thereby promoting the generation of more complete detection results. The parallel multi-scale attention module is proposed to effectively restore the detail information and address the scale variation of salient objects by using the low-level features refined by multi-scale attention. Extensive experiments on two datasets demonstrate that our proposed RRNet outperforms the existing state-of-the-art SOD competitors both qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 23.Beyond Classification: Knowledge Distillation using Multi-Object Impressions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14215.pdf)
>  Knowledge Distillation (KD) utilizes training data as a transfer set to transfer knowledge from a complex network (Teacher) to a smaller network (Student). Several works have recently identified many scenarios where the training data may not be available due to data privacy or sensitivity concerns and have proposed solutions under this restrictive constraint for the classification task. Unlike existing works, we, for the first time, solve a much more challenging problem, i.e., "KD for object detection with zero knowledge about the training data and its statistics". Our proposed approach prepares pseudo-targets and synthesizes corresponding samples (termed as "Multi-Object Impressions"), using only the pretrained Faster RCNN Teacher network. We use this pseudo-dataset as a transfer set to conduct zero-shot KD for object detection. We demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed method through several ablations and extensive experiments on benchmark datasets like KITTI, Pascal and COCO. Our approach with no training samples, achieves a respectable mAP of 64.2% and 55.5% on the student with same and half capacity while performing distillation from a Resnet-18 Teacher of 73.3% mAP on KITTI.      
### 24.Neural View Synthesis and Matching for Semi-Supervised Few-Shot Learning of 3D Pose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14213.pdf)
>  We study the problem of learning to estimate the 3D object pose from a few labelled examples and a collection of unlabelled data. Our main contribution is a learning framework, neural view synthesis and matching, that can transfer the 3D pose annotation from the labelled to unlabelled images reliably, despite unseen 3D views and nuisance variations such as the object shape, texture, illumination or scene context. In our approach, objects are represented as 3D cuboid meshes composed of feature vectors at each mesh vertex. The model is initialized from a few labelled images and is subsequently used to synthesize feature representations of unseen 3D views. The synthesized views are matched with the feature representations of unlabelled images to generate pseudo-labels of the 3D pose. The pseudo-labelled data is, in turn, used to train the feature extractor such that the features at each mesh vertex are more invariant across varying 3D views of the object. Our model is trained in an EM-type manner alternating between increasing the 3D pose invariance of the feature extractor and annotating unlabelled data through neural view synthesis and matching. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed semi-supervised learning framework for 3D pose estimation on the PASCAL3D+ and KITTI datasets. We find that our approach outperforms all baselines by a wide margin, particularly in an extreme few-shot setting where only 7 annotated images are given. Remarkably, we observe that our model also achieves an exceptional robustness in out-of-distribution scenarios that involve partial occlusion.      
### 25.Denoised Non-Local Neural Network for Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14200.pdf)
>  The non-local network has become a widely used technique for semantic segmentation, which computes an attention map to measure the relationships of each pixel pair. However, most of the current popular non-local models tend to ignore the phenomenon that the calculated attention map appears to be very noisy, containing inter-class and intra-class inconsistencies, which lowers the accuracy and reliability of the non-local methods. In this paper, we figuratively denote these inconsistencies as attention noises and explore the solutions to denoise them. Specifically, we inventively propose a Denoised Non-Local Network (Denoised NL), which consists of two primary modules, i.e., the Global Rectifying (GR) block and the Local Retention (LR) block, to eliminate the inter-class and intra-class noises respectively. First, GR adopts the class-level predictions to capture a binary map to distinguish whether the selected two pixels belong to the same category. Second, LR captures the ignored local dependencies and further uses them to rectify the unwanted hollows in the attention map. The experimental results on two challenging semantic segmentation datasets demonstrate the superior performance of our model. Without any external training data, our proposed Denoised NL can achieve the state-of-the-art performance of 83.5\% and 46.69\% mIoU on Cityscapes and ADE20K, respectively.      
### 26.From Image to Imuge: Immunized Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14196.pdf)
>  We introduce Imuge, an image tamper resilient generative scheme for image self-recovery. The traditional manner of concealing image content within the image are inflexible and fragile to diverse digital attack, i.e. image cropping and JPEG compression. To address this issue, we jointly train a U-Net backboned encoder, a tamper localization network and a decoder for image recovery. Given an original image, the encoder produces a visually indistinguishable immunized image. At the recipient's side, the verifying network localizes the malicious modifications, and the original content can be approximately recovered by the decoder, despite the presence of the attacks. Several strategies are proposed to boost the training efficiency. We demonstrate that our method can recover the details of the tampered regions with a high quality despite the presence of various kinds of attacks. Comprehensive ablation studies are conducted to validate our network designs.      
### 27.Smooth head tracking for virtual reality applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14193.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a new head-tracking solution for human-machine real-time interaction with virtual 3D environments. This solution leverages RGBD data to compute virtual camera pose according to the movements of the user's head. The process starts with the extraction of a set of facial features from the images delivered by the sensor. Such features are matched against their respective counterparts in a reference image for the computation of the current head pose. Afterwards, a prediction approach is used to guess the most likely next head move (final pose). Pythagorean Hodograph interpolation is then adapted to determine the path and local frames taken between the two poses. The result is a smooth head trajectory that serves as an input to set the camera in virtual scenes according to the user's gaze. The resulting motion model has the advantage of being: continuous in time, it adapts to any frame rate of rendering; it is ergonomic, as it frees the user from wearing tracking markers; it is smooth and free from rendering jerks; and it is also torsion and curvature minimizing as it produces a path with minimum bending energy.      
### 28.Mixed Supervised Object Detection by Transferring Mask Prior and Semantic Similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14191.pdf)
>  Object detection has achieved promising success, but requires large-scale fully-annotated data, which is time-consuming and labor-extensive. Therefore, we consider object detection with mixed supervision, which learns novel object categories using weak annotations with the help of full annotations of existing base object categories. Previous works using mixed supervision mainly learn the class-agnostic objectness from fully-annotated categories, which can be transferred to upgrade the weak annotations to pseudo full annotations for novel categories. In this paper, we further transfer mask prior and semantic similarity to bridge the gap between novel categories and base categories. Specifically, the ability of using mask prior to help detect objects is learned from base categories and transferred to novel categories. Moreover, the semantic similarity between objects learned from base categories is transferred to denoise the pseudo full annotations for novel categories. Experimental results on three benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our method over existing methods. Codes are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bcmi/TraMaS-Weak-Shot-Object-Detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Robust Contrastive Learning Using Negative Samples with Diminished Semantics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14189.pdf)
>  Unsupervised learning has recently made exceptional progress because of the development of more effective contrastive learning methods. However, CNNs are prone to depend on low-level features that humans deem non-semantic. This dependency has been conjectured to induce a lack of robustness to image perturbations or domain shift. In this paper, we show that by generating carefully designed negative samples, contrastive learning can learn more robust representations with less dependence on such features. Contrastive learning utilizes positive pairs that preserve semantic information while perturbing superficial features in the training images. Similarly, we propose to generate negative samples in a reversed way, where only the superfluous instead of the semantic features are preserved. We develop two methods, texture-based and patch-based augmentations, to generate negative samples. These samples achieve better generalization, especially under out-of-domain settings. We also analyze our method and the generated texture-based samples, showing that texture features are indispensable in classifying particular ImageNet classes and especially finer classes. We also show that model bias favors texture and shape features differently under different test settings. Our code, trained models, and ImageNet-Texture dataset can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/SongweiGe/Contrastive-Learning-with-Non-Semantic-Negatives" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 30.Identifying the key components in ResNet-50 for diabetic retinopathy grading from fundus images: a systematic investigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14160.pdf)
>  Although deep learning based diabetic retinopathy (DR) classification methods typically benefit from well-designed architectures of convolutional neural networks, the training setting also has a non-negligible impact on the prediction performance. The training setting includes various interdependent components, such as objective function, data sampling strategy and data augmentation approach. To identify the key components in a standard deep learning framework (ResNet-50) for DR grading, we systematically analyze the impact of several major components. Extensive experiments are conducted on a publicly-available dataset EyePACS. We demonstrate that (1) the ResNet-50 framework for DR grading is sensitive to input resolution, objective function, and composition of data augmentation, (2) using mean square error as the loss function can effectively improve the performance with respect to a task-specific evaluation metric, namely the quadratically-weighted Kappa, (3) utilizing eye pairs boosts the performance of DR grading and (4) using data resampling to address the problem of imbalanced data distribution in EyePACS hurts the performance. Based on these observations and an optimal combination of the investigated components, our framework, without any specialized network design, achieves the state-of-the-art result (0.8631 for Kappa) on the EyePACS test set (a total of 42670 fundus images) with only image-level labels. Our codes and pre-trained model are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/YijinHuang/pytorch-classification" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 31.Image Comes Dancing with Collaborative Parsing-Flow Video Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14147.pdf)
>  Transferring human motion from a source to a target person poses great potential in computer vision and graphics applications. A crucial step is to manipulate sequential future motion while retaining the appearance characteristic.Previous work has either relied on crafted 3D human models or trained a separate model specifically for each target person, which is not scalable in practice.This work studies a more general setting, in which we aim to learn a single model to parsimoniously transfer motion from a source video to any target person given only one image of the person, named as Collaborative Parsing-Flow Network (CPF-Net). The paucity of information regarding the target person makes the task particularly challenging to faithfully preserve the appearance in varying designated poses. To address this issue, CPF-Net integrates the structured human parsing and appearance flow to guide the realistic foreground synthesis which is merged into the background by a spatio-temporal fusion module. In particular, CPF-Net decouples the problem into stages of human parsing sequence generation, foreground sequence generation and final video generation. The human parsing generation stage captures both the pose and the body structure of the target. The appearance flow is beneficial to keep details in synthesized frames. The integration of human parsing and appearance flow effectively guides the generation of video frames with realistic appearance. Finally, the dedicated designed fusion network ensure the temporal coherence. We further collect a large set of human dancing videos to push forward this research field. Both quantitative and qualitative results show our method substantially improves over previous approaches and is able to generate appealing and photo-realistic target videos given any input person image. All source code and dataset will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiezhy6/CPF-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.SOAT: A Scene- and Object-Aware Transformer for Vision-and-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14143.pdf)
>  Natural language instructions for visual navigation often use scene descriptions (e.g., "bedroom") and object references (e.g., "green chairs") to provide a breadcrumb trail to a goal location. This work presents a transformer-based vision-and-language navigation (VLN) agent that uses two different visual encoders -- a scene classification network and an object detector -- which produce features that match these two distinct types of visual cues. In our method, scene features contribute high-level contextual information that supports object-level processing. With this design, our model is able to use vision-and-language pretraining (i.e., learning the alignment between images and text from large-scale web data) to substantially improve performance on the Room-to-Room (R2R) and Room-Across-Room (RxR) benchmarks. Specifically, our approach leads to improvements of 1.8% absolute in SPL on R2R and 3.7% absolute in SR on RxR. Our analysis reveals even larger gains for navigation instructions that contain six or more object references, which further suggests that our approach is better able to use object features and align them to references in the instructions.      
### 33.ScaleCert: Scalable Certified Defense against Adversarial Patches with Sparse Superficial Layers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14120.pdf)
>  Adversarial patch attacks that craft the pixels in a confined region of the input images show their powerful attack effectiveness in physical environments even with noises or deformations. Existing certified defenses towards adversarial patch attacks work well on small images like MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets, but achieve very poor certified accuracy on higher-resolution images like ImageNet. It is urgent to design both robust and effective defenses against such a practical and harmful attack in industry-level larger images. In this work, we propose the certified defense methodology that achieves high provable robustness for high-resolution images and largely improves the practicality for real adoption of the certified defense. The basic insight of our work is that the adversarial patch intends to leverage localized superficial important neurons (SIN) to manipulate the prediction results. Hence, we leverage the SIN-based DNN compression techniques to significantly improve the certified accuracy, by reducing the adversarial region searching overhead and filtering the prediction noises. Our experimental results show that the certified accuracy is increased from 36.3% (the state-of-the-art certified detection) to 60.4% on the ImageNet dataset, largely pushing the certified defenses for practical use.      
### 34.CoFiNet: Reliable Coarse-to-fine Correspondences for Robust Point Cloud Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14076.pdf)
>  We study the problem of extracting correspondences between a pair of point clouds for registration. For correspondence retrieval, existing works benefit from matching sparse keypoints detected from dense points but usually struggle to guarantee their repeatability. To address this issue, we present CoFiNet - Coarse-to-Fine Network which extracts hierarchical correspondences from coarse to fine without keypoint detection. On a coarse scale and guided by a weighting scheme, our model firstly learns to match down-sampled nodes whose vicinity points share more overlap, which significantly shrinks the search space of a consecutive stage. On a finer scale, node proposals are consecutively expanded to patches that consist of groups of points together with associated descriptors. Point correspondences are then refined from the overlap areas of corresponding patches, by a density-adaptive matching module capable to deal with varying point density. Extensive evaluation of CoFiNet on both indoor and outdoor standard benchmarks shows our superiority over existing methods. Especially on 3DLoMatch where point clouds share less overlap, CoFiNet significantly outperforms state-of-the-art approaches by at least 5% on Registration Recall, with at most two-third of their parameters.      
### 35.A Unified Survey on Anomaly, Novelty, Open-Set, and Out-of-Distribution Detection: Solutions and Future Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14051.pdf)
>  Machine learning models often encounter samples that are diverged from the training distribution. Failure to recognize an out-of-distribution (OOD) sample, and consequently assign that sample to an in-class label significantly compromises the reliability of a model. The problem has gained significant attention due to its importance for safety deploying models in open-world settings. Detecting OOD samples is challenging due to the intractability of modeling all possible unknown distributions. To date, several research domains tackle the problem of detecting unfamiliar samples, including anomaly detection, novelty detection, one-class learning, open set recognition, and out-of-distribution detection. Despite having similar and shared concepts, out-of-distribution, open-set, and anomaly detection have been investigated independently. Accordingly, these research avenues have not cross-pollinated, creating research barriers. While some surveys intend to provide an overview of these approaches, they seem to only focus on a specific domain without examining the relationship between different domains. This survey aims to provide a cross-domain and comprehensive review of numerous eminent works in respective areas while identifying their commonalities. Researchers can benefit from the overview of research advances in different fields and develop future methodology synergistically. Furthermore, to the best of our knowledge, while there are surveys in anomaly detection or one-class learning, there is no comprehensive or up-to-date survey on out-of-distribution detection, which our survey covers extensively. Finally, having a unified cross-domain perspective, we discuss and shed light on future lines of research, intending to bring these fields closer together.      
### 36.Controllable Data Augmentation Through Deep Relighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13996.pdf)
>  At the heart of the success of deep learning is the quality of the data. Through data augmentation, one can train models with better generalization capabilities and thus achieve greater results in their field of interest. In this work, we explore how to augment a varied set of image datasets through relighting so as to improve the ability of existing models to be invariant to illumination changes, namely for learned descriptors. We develop a tool, based on an encoder-decoder network, that is able to quickly generate multiple variations of the illumination of various input scenes whilst also allowing the user to define parameters such as the angle of incidence and intensity. We demonstrate that by training models on datasets that have been augmented with our pipeline, it is possible to achieve higher performance on localization benchmarks.      
### 37.Leveraging Local Temporal Information for Multimodal Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13992.pdf)
>  Robust video scene classification models should capture the spatial (pixel-wise) and temporal (frame-wise) characteristics of a video effectively. Transformer models with self-attention which are designed to get contextualized representations for individual tokens given a sequence of tokens, are becoming increasingly popular in many computer vision tasks. However, the use of Transformer based models for video understanding is still relatively unexplored. Moreover, these models fail to exploit the strong temporal relationships between the neighboring video frames to get potent frame-level representations. In this paper, we propose a novel self-attention block that leverages both local and global temporal relationships between the video frames to obtain better contextualized representations for the individual frames. This enables the model to understand the video at various granularities. We illustrate the performance of our models on the large scale YoutTube-8M data set on the task of video categorization and further analyze the results to showcase improvement.      
### 38.Revisiting Batch Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13989.pdf)
>  Batch normalization (BN) is comprised of a normalization component followed by an affine transformation and has become essential for training deep neural networks. Standard initialization of each BN in a network sets the affine transformation scale and shift to 1 and 0, respectively. However, after training we have observed that these parameters do not alter much from their initialization. Furthermore, we have noticed that the normalization process can still yield overly large values, which is undesirable for training. We revisit the BN formulation and present a new initialization method and update approach for BN to address the aforementioned issues. Experimental results using the proposed alterations to BN show statistically significant performance gains in a variety of scenarios. The approach can be used with existing implementations at no additional computational cost. We also present a new online BN-based input data normalization technique to alleviate the need for other offline or fixed methods. Source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/osu-cvl/revisiting-bn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.CHIP: CHannel Independence-based Pruning for Compact Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13981.pdf)
>  Filter pruning has been widely used for neural network compression because of its enabled practical acceleration. To date, most of the existing filter pruning works explore the importance of filters via using intra-channel information. In this paper, starting from an inter-channel perspective, we propose to perform efficient filter pruning using Channel Independence, a metric that measures the correlations among different feature maps. The less independent feature map is interpreted as containing less useful information$/$knowledge, and hence its corresponding filter can be pruned without affecting model capacity. We systematically investigate the quantification metric, measuring scheme and sensitiveness$/$reliability of channel independence in the context of filter pruning. Our evaluation results for different models on various datasets show the superior performance of our approach. Notably, on CIFAR-10 dataset our solution can bring $0.75\%$ and $0.94\%$ accuracy increase over baseline ResNet-56 and ResNet-110 models, respectively, and meanwhile the model size and FLOPs are reduced by $42.8\%$ and $47.4\%$ (for ResNet-56) and $48.3\%$ and $52.1\%$ (for ResNet-110), respectively. On ImageNet dataset, our approach can achieve $40.8\%$ and $44.8\%$ storage and computation reductions, respectively, with $0.15\%$ accuracy increase over the baseline ResNet-50 model. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Eclipsess/CHIP_NeurIPS2021" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.Video-based fully automatic assessment of open surgery suturing skills  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13972.pdf)
>  The goal of this study was to develop new reliable open surgery suturing simulation system for training medical students in situation where resources are limited or in the domestic setup. Namely, we developed an algorithm for tools and hands localization as well as identifying the interactions between them based on simple webcam video data, calculating motion metrics for assessment of surgical skill. Twenty-five participants performed multiple suturing tasks using our simulator. The YOLO network has been modified to a multi-task network, for the purpose of tool localization and tool-hand interaction detection. This was accomplished by splitting the YOLO detection heads so that they supported both tasks with minimal addition to computer run-time. Furthermore, based on the outcome of the system, motion metrics were calculated. These metrics included traditional metrics such as time and path length as well as new metrics assessing the technique participants use for holding the tools. The dual-task network performance was similar to that of two networks, while computational load was only slightly bigger than one network. In addition, the motion metrics showed significant differences between experts and novices. While video capture is an essential part of minimally invasive surgery, it is not an integral component of open surgery. Thus, new algorithms, focusing on the unique challenges open surgery videos present, are required. In this study, a dual-task network was developed to solve both a localization task and a hand-tool interaction task. The dual network may be easily expanded to a multi-task network, which may be useful for images with multiple layers and for evaluating the interaction between these different layers.      
### 41.Can't Fool Me: Adversarially Robust Transformer for Video Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13950.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have been shown to perform poorly on adversarial examples. To address this, several techniques have been proposed to increase robustness of a model for image classification tasks. However, in video understanding tasks, developing adversarially robust models is still unexplored. In this paper, we aim to bridge this gap. We first show that simple extensions of image based adversarially robust models slightly improve the worst-case performance. Further, we propose a temporal attention regularization scheme in Transformer to improve the robustness of attention modules to adversarial examples. We illustrate using a large-scale video data set YouTube-8M that the final model (A-ART) achieves close to non-adversarial performance on its adversarial example set. We achieve 91% GAP on adversarial examples, whereas baseline Transformer and simple adversarial extensions achieve 72.9% and 82% respectively, showing significant improvement in robustness over the state-of-the-art.      
### 42.Collaborative Uncertainty in Multi-Agent Trajectory Forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13947.pdf)
>  Uncertainty modeling is critical in trajectory forecasting systems for both interpretation and safety reasons. To better predict the future trajectories of multiple agents, recent works have introduced interaction modules to capture interactions among agents. This approach leads to correlations among the predicted trajectories. However, the uncertainty brought by such correlations is neglected. To fill this gap, we propose a novel concept, collaborative uncertainty(CU), which models the uncertainty resulting from the interaction module. We build a general CU-based framework to make a prediction model to learn the future trajectory and the corresponding uncertainty. The CU-based framework is integrated as a plugin module to current state-of-the-art (SOTA) systems and deployed in two special cases based on multivariate Gaussian and Laplace distributions. In each case, we conduct extensive experiments on two synthetic datasets and two public, large-scale benchmarks of trajectory forecasting. The results are promising: 1) The results of synthetic datasets show that CU-based framework allows the model to appropriately approximate the ground-truth distribution. 2) The results of trajectory forecasting benchmarks demonstrate that the CU-based framework steadily helps SOTA systems improve their performances. Especially, the proposed CU-based framework helps VectorNet improve by 57cm regarding Final Displacement Error on nuScenes dataset. 3) The visualization results of CU illustrate that the value of CU is highly related to the amount of the interactive information among agents.      
### 43.CausalAF: Causal Autoregressive Flow for Goal-Directed Safety-Critical Scenes Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13939.pdf)
>  Goal-directed generation, aiming for solving downstream tasks by generating diverse data, has a potentially wide range of applications in the real world. Previous works tend to formulate goal-directed generation as a purely data-driven problem, which directly searches or approximates the distribution of samples satisfying the goal. However, the generation ability of preexisting work is heavily restricted by inefficient sampling, especially for sparse goals that rarely show up in off-the-shelf datasets. For instance, generating safety-critical traffic scenes with the goal of increasing the risk of collision is critical to evaluate autonomous vehicles, but the rareness of such scenes is the biggest resistance. In this paper, we integrate causality as a prior into the safety-critical scene generation process and propose a flow-based generative framework - Causal Autoregressive Flow (CausalAF). CausalAF encourages the generative model to uncover and follow the causal relationship among generated objects via novel causal masking operations instead of searching the sample only from observational data. By learning the cause-and-effect mechanism of how the generated scene achieves the goal rather than just learning correlations from data, CausalAF significantly improves the learning efficiency. Extensive experiments on three heterogeneous traffic scenes illustrate that CausalAF requires much fewer optimization resources to effectively generate goal-directed scenes for safety evaluation tasks.      
### 44.Frequency Centric Defense Mechanisms against Adversarial Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13935.pdf)
>  Adversarial example (AE) aims at fooling a Convolution Neural Network by introducing small perturbations in the input image.The proposed work uses the magnitude and phase of the Fourier Spectrum and the entropy of the image to defend against AE. We demonstrate the defense in two ways: by training an adversarial detector and denoising the adversarial effect. Experiments were conducted on the low-resolution CIFAR-10 and high-resolution ImageNet datasets. The adversarial detector has 99% accuracy for FGSM and PGD attacks on the CIFAR-10 dataset. However, the detection accuracy falls to 50% for sophisticated DeepFool and Carlini &amp; Wagner attacks on ImageNet. We overcome the limitation by using autoencoder and show that 70% of AEs are correctly classified after denoising.      
### 45.TA-Net: Topology-Aware Network for Gland Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14593.pdf)
>  Gland segmentation is a critical step to quantitatively assess the morphology of glands in histopathology image analysis. However, it is challenging to separate densely clustered glands accurately. Existing deep learning-based approaches attempted to use contour-based techniques to alleviate this issue but only achieved limited success. To address this challenge, we propose a novel topology-aware network (TA-Net) to accurately separate densely clustered and severely deformed glands. The proposed TA-Net has a multitask learning architecture and enhances the generalization of gland segmentation by learning shared representation from two tasks: instance segmentation and gland topology estimation. The proposed topology loss computes gland topology using gland skeletons and markers. It drives the network to generate segmentation results that comply with the true gland topology. We validate the proposed approach on the GlaS and CRAG datasets using three quantitative metrics, F1-score, object-level Dice coefficient, and object-level Hausdorff distance. Extensive experiments demonstrate that TA-Net achieves state-of-the-art performance on the two datasets. TA-Net outperforms other approaches in the presence of densely clustered glands.      
### 46.GenURL: A General Framework for Unsupervised Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14553.pdf)
>  Recently unsupervised representation learning (URL) has achieved remarkable progress in various scenarios. However, most methods are specifically designed based on specific data characters or task assumptions. Based on the manifold assumption, we regard most URL problems as an embedding problem that seeks an optimal low-dimensional representation of the given high-dimensional data. We split the embedding process into two steps, data structural modeling and low-dimensional embedding, and propose a general similarity-based framework called GenURL. Specifically, we provide a general method to model data structures by adaptively combining graph distances on the feature space and predefined graphs, then propose robust loss functions to learn the low-dimensional embedding. Combining with a specific pretext task, we can adapt GenURL to various URL tasks in a unified manner and achieve state-of-the-art performance, including self-supervised visual representation learning, unsupervised knowledge distillation, graph embeddings, and dimension reduction. Moreover, ablation studies of loss functions and basic hyper-parameter settings in GenURL illustrate the data characters of various tasks.      
### 47.PL-Net: Progressive Learning Network for Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14484.pdf)
>  In recent years, segmentation methods based on deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have made state-of-the-art achievements for many medical analysis tasks. However, most of these approaches improve performance by optimizing the structure or adding new functional modules of the U-Net, which ignoring the complementation and fusion of the coarse-grained and fine-grained semantic information. To solve the above problems, we propose a medical image segmentation framework called progressive learning network (PL-Net), which includes internal progressive learning (IPL) and external progressive learning (EPL). PL-Net has the following advantages: (1) IPL divides feature extraction into two "steps", which can mix different size receptive fields and capture semantic information from coarse to fine granularity without introducing additional parameters; (2) EPL divides the training process into two "stages" to optimize parameters, and realizes the fusion of coarse-grained information in the previous stage and fine-grained information in the latter stage. We evaluate our method in different medical image analysis tasks, and the results show that the segmentation performance of PL-Net is better than the state-of-the-art methods of U-Net and its variants.      
### 48.An Arbitrary Scale Super-Resolution Approach for 3-Dimensional Magnetic Resonance Image using Implicit Neural Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14476.pdf)
>  High Resolution (HR) medical images provide rich anatomical structure details to facilitate early and accurate diagnosis. In MRI, restricted by hardware capacity, scan time, and patient cooperation ability, isotropic 3D HR image acquisition typically requests long scan time and, results in small spatial coverage and low SNR. Recent studies showed that, with deep convolutional neural networks, isotropic HR MR images could be recovered from low-resolution (LR) input via single image super-resolution (SISR) algorithms. However, most existing SISR methods tend to approach a scale-specific projection between LR and HR images, thus these methods can only deal with a fixed up-sampling rate. For achieving different up-sampling rates, multiple SR networks have to be built up respectively, which is very time-consuming and resource-intensive. In this paper, we propose ArSSR, an Arbitrary Scale Super-Resolution approach for recovering 3D HR MR images. In the ArSSR model, the reconstruction of HR images with different up-scaling rates is defined as learning a continuous implicit voxel function from the observed LR images. Then the SR task is converted to represent the implicit voxel function via deep neural networks from a set of paired HR-LR training examples. The ArSSR model consists of an encoder network and a decoder network. Specifically, the convolutional encoder network is to extract feature maps from the LR input images and the fully-connected decoder network is to approximate the implicit voxel function. Due to the continuity of the learned function, a single ArSSR model can achieve arbitrary up-sampling rate reconstruction of HR images from any input LR image after training. Experimental results on three datasets show that the ArSSR model can achieve state-of-the-art SR performance for 3D HR MR image reconstruction while using a single trained model to achieve arbitrary up-sampling scales.      
### 49.Iterative Teaching by Label Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14432.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of iterative machine teaching, where a teacher provides examples sequentially based on the current iterative learner. In contrast to previous methods that have to scan over the entire pool and select teaching examples from it in each iteration, we propose a label synthesis teaching framework where the teacher randomly selects input teaching examples (e.g., images) and then synthesizes suitable outputs (e.g., labels) for them. We show that this framework can avoid costly example selection while still provably achieving exponential teachability. We propose multiple novel teaching algorithms in this framework. Finally, we empirically demonstrate the value of our framework.      
### 50.Adversarial Neuron Pruning Purifies Backdoored Deep Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14430.pdf)
>  As deep neural networks (DNNs) are growing larger, their requirements for computational resources become huge, which makes outsourcing training more popular. Training in a third-party platform, however, may introduce potential risks that a malicious trainer will return backdoored DNNs, which behave normally on clean samples but output targeted misclassifications whenever a trigger appears at the test time. Without any knowledge of the trigger, it is difficult to distinguish or recover benign DNNs from backdoored ones. In this paper, we first identify an unexpected sensitivity of backdoored DNNs, that is, they are much easier to collapse and tend to predict the target label on clean samples when their neurons are adversarially perturbed. Based on these observations, we propose a novel model repairing method, termed Adversarial Neuron Pruning (ANP), which prunes some sensitive neurons to purify the injected backdoor. Experiments show, even with only an extremely small amount of clean data (e.g., 1%), ANP effectively removes the injected backdoor without causing obvious performance degradation.      
### 51.Perceptual Score: What Data Modalities Does Your Model Perceive?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14375.pdf)
>  Machine learning advances in the last decade have relied significantly on large-scale datasets that continue to grow in size. Increasingly, those datasets also contain different data modalities. However, large multi-modal datasets are hard to annotate, and annotations may contain biases that we are often unaware of. Deep-net-based classifiers, in turn, are prone to exploit those biases and to find shortcuts. To study and quantify this concern, we introduce the perceptual score, a metric that assesses the degree to which a model relies on the different subsets of the input features, i.e., modalities. Using the perceptual score, we find a surprisingly consistent trend across four popular datasets: recent, more accurate state-of-the-art multi-modal models for visual question-answering or visual dialog tend to perceive the visual data less than their predecessors. This trend is concerning as answers are hence increasingly inferred from textual cues only. Using the perceptual score also helps to analyze model biases by decomposing the score into data subset contributions. We hope to spur a discussion on the perceptiveness of multi-modal models and also hope to encourage the community working on multi-modal classifiers to start quantifying perceptiveness via the proposed perceptual score.      
### 52.Revisiting Sanity Checks for Saliency Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14297.pdf)
>  Saliency methods are a popular approach for model debugging and explainability. However, in the absence of ground-truth data for what the correct maps should be, evaluating and comparing different approaches remains a long-standing challenge. The sanity checks methodology of Adebayo et al [Neurips 2018] has sought to address this challenge. They argue that some popular saliency methods should not be used for explainability purposes since the maps they produce are not sensitive to the underlying model that is to be explained. Through a causal re-framing of their objective, we argue that their empirical evaluation does not fully establish these conclusions, due to a form of confounding introduced by the tasks they evaluate on. Through various experiments on simple custom tasks we demonstrate that some of their conclusions may indeed be artifacts of the tasks more than a criticism of the saliency methods themselves. More broadly, our work challenges the utility of the sanity check methodology, and further highlights that saliency map evaluation beyond ad-hoc visual examination remains a fundamental challenge.      
### 53.Multilayer Lookahead: a Nested Version of Lookahead  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14254.pdf)
>  In recent years, SGD and its variants have become the standard tool to train Deep Neural Networks. In this paper, we focus on the recently proposed variant Lookahead, which improves upon SGD in a wide range of applications. Following this success, we study an extension of this algorithm, the \emph{Multilayer Lookahead} optimizer, which recursively wraps Lookahead around itself. We prove the convergence of Multilayer Lookahead with two layers to a stationary point of smooth non-convex functions with $O(\frac{1}{\sqrt{T}})$ rate. We also justify the improved generalization of both Lookahead over SGD, and of Multilayer Lookahead over Lookahead, by showing how they amplify the implicit regularization effect of SGD. We empirically verify our results and show that Multilayer Lookahead outperforms Lookahead on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 classification tasks, and on GANs training on the MNIST dataset.      
### 54.Dex-NeRF: Using a Neural Radiance Field to Grasp Transparent Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14217.pdf)
>  The ability to grasp and manipulate transparent objects is a major challenge for robots. Existing depth cameras have difficulty detecting, localizing, and inferring the geometry of such objects. We propose using neural radiance fields (NeRF) to detect, localize, and infer the geometry of transparent objects with sufficient accuracy to find and grasp them securely. We leverage NeRF's view-independent learned density, place lights to increase specular reflections, and perform a transparency-aware depth-rendering that we feed into the Dex-Net grasp planner. We show how additional lights create specular reflections that improve the quality of the depth map, and test a setup for a robot workcell equipped with an array of cameras to perform transparent object manipulation. We also create synthetic and real datasets of transparent objects in real-world settings, including singulated objects, cluttered tables, and the top rack of a dishwasher. In each setting we show that NeRF and Dex-Net are able to reliably compute robust grasps on transparent objects, achieving 90% and 100% grasp success rates in physical experiments on an ABB YuMi, on objects where baseline methods fail.      
### 55.Revisit Multimodal Meta-Learning through the Lens of Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14202.pdf)
>  Multimodal meta-learning is a recent problem that extends conventional few-shot meta-learning by generalizing its setup to diverse multimodal task distributions. This setup makes a step towards mimicking how humans make use of a diverse set of prior skills to learn new skills. Previous work has achieved encouraging performance. In particular, in spite of the diversity of the multimodal tasks, previous work claims that a single meta-learner trained on a multimodal distribution can sometimes outperform multiple specialized meta-learners trained on individual unimodal distributions. The improvement is attributed to knowledge transfer between different modes of task distributions. However, there is no deep investigation to verify and understand the knowledge transfer between multimodal tasks. Our work makes two contributions to multimodal meta-learning. First, we propose a method to quantify knowledge transfer between tasks of different modes at a micro-level. Our quantitative, task-level analysis is inspired by the recent transference idea from multi-task learning. Second, inspired by hard parameter sharing in multi-task learning and a new interpretation of related work, we propose a new multimodal meta-learner that outperforms existing work by considerable margins. While the major focus is on multimodal meta-learning, our work also attempts to shed light on task interaction in conventional meta-learning. The code for this project is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://miladabd.github.io/KML" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 56.Evidential Softmax for Sparse Multimodal Distributions in Deep Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14182.pdf)
>  Many applications of generative models rely on the marginalization of their high-dimensional output probability distributions. Normalization functions that yield sparse probability distributions can make exact marginalization more computationally tractable. However, sparse normalization functions usually require alternative loss functions for training since the log-likelihood is undefined for sparse probability distributions. Furthermore, many sparse normalization functions often collapse the multimodality of distributions. In this work, we present $\textit{ev-softmax}$, a sparse normalization function that preserves the multimodality of probability distributions. We derive its properties, including its gradient in closed-form, and introduce a continuous family of approximations to $\textit{ev-softmax}$ that have full support and can be trained with probabilistic loss functions such as negative log-likelihood and Kullback-Leibler divergence. We evaluate our method on a variety of generative models, including variational autoencoders and auto-regressive architectures. Our method outperforms existing dense and sparse normalization techniques in distributional accuracy. We demonstrate that $\textit{ev-softmax}$ successfully reduces the dimensionality of probability distributions while maintaining multimodality.      
### 57.QU-net++: Image Quality Detection Framework for Segmentation of 3D Medical Image Stacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14181.pdf)
>  Automated segmentation of pathological regions of interest has been shown to aid prognosis and follow up treatment. However, accurate pathological segmentations require high quality of annotated data that can be both cost and time intensive to generate. In this work, we propose an automated two-step method that evaluates the quality of medical images from 3D image stacks using a U-net++ model, such that images that can aid further training of the U-net++ model can be detected based on the disagreement in segmentations produced from the final two layers. Images thus detected can then be used to further fine tune the U-net++ model for semantic segmentation. The proposed QU-net++ model isolates around 10\% of images per 3D stack and can scale across imaging modalities to segment cysts in OCT images and ground glass opacity in Lung CT images with Dice cores in the range 0.56-0.72. Thus, the proposed method can be applied for multi-modal binary segmentation of pathology.      
### 58.Training Wasserstein GANs without gradient penalties  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14150.pdf)
>  We propose a stable method to train Wasserstein generative adversarial networks. In order to enhance stability, we consider two objective functions using the $c$-transform based on Kantorovich duality which arises in the theory of optimal transport. We experimentally show that this algorithm can effectively enforce the Lipschitz constraint on the discriminator while other standard methods fail to do so. As a consequence, our method yields an accurate estimation for the optimal discriminator and also for the Wasserstein distance between the true distribution and the generated one. Our method requires no gradient penalties nor corresponding hyperparameter tuning and is computationally more efficient than other methods. At the same time, it yields competitive generators of synthetic images based on the MNIST, F-MNIST, and CIFAR-10 datasets.      
### 59.Physically Explainable CNN for SAR Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14144.pdf)
>  Integrating the special electromagnetic characteristics of Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) in deep neural networks is essential in order to enhance the explainability and physics awareness of deep learning. In this paper, we firstly propose a novel physics guided and injected neural network for SAR image classification, which is mainly guided by explainable physics models and can be learned with very limited labeled data. The proposed framework comprises three parts: (1) generating physics guided signals using existing explainable models, (2) learning physics-aware features with physics guided network, and (3) injecting the physics-aware features adaptively to the conventional classification deep learning model for prediction. The prior knowledge, physical scattering characteristic of SAR in this paper, is injected into the deep neural network in the form of physics-aware features which is more conducive to understanding the semantic labels of SAR image patches. A hybrid Image-Physics SAR dataset format is proposed, and both Sentinel-1 and Gaofen-3 SAR data are taken for evaluation. The experimental results show that our proposed method substantially improve the classification performance compared with the counterpart data-driven CNN. Moreover, the guidance of explainable physics signals leads to explainability of physics-aware features and the physics consistency of features are also preserved in the predictions. We deem the proposed method would promote the development of physically explainable deep learning in SAR image interpretation field.      
### 60.Towards Robust Bisimulation Metric Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14096.pdf)
>  Learned representations in deep reinforcement learning (DRL) have to extract task-relevant information from complex observations, balancing between robustness to distraction and informativeness to the policy. Such stable and rich representations, often learned via modern function approximation techniques, can enable practical application of the policy improvement theorem, even in high-dimensional continuous state-action spaces. Bisimulation metrics offer one solution to this representation learning problem, by collapsing functionally similar states together in representation space, which promotes invariance to noise and distractors. In this work, we generalize value function approximation bounds for on-policy bisimulation metrics to non-optimal policies and approximate environment dynamics. Our theoretical results help us identify embedding pathologies that may occur in practical use. In particular, we find that these issues stem from an underconstrained dynamics model and an unstable dependence of the embedding norm on the reward signal in environments with sparse rewards. Further, we propose a set of practical remedies: (i) a norm constraint on the representation space, and (ii) an extension of prior approaches with intrinsic rewards and latent space regularization. Finally, we provide evidence that the resulting method is not only more robust to sparse reward functions, but also able to solve challenging continuous control tasks with observational distractions, where prior methods fail.      
### 61.MEST: Accurate and Fast Memory-Economic Sparse Training Framework on the Edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14032.pdf)
>  Recently, a new trend of exploring sparsity for accelerating neural network training has emerged, embracing the paradigm of training on the edge. This paper proposes a novel Memory-Economic Sparse Training (MEST) framework targeting for accurate and fast execution on edge devices. The proposed MEST framework consists of enhancements by Elastic Mutation (EM) and Soft Memory Bound (&amp;S) that ensure superior accuracy at high sparsity ratios. Different from the existing works for sparse training, this current work reveals the importance of sparsity schemes on the performance of sparse training in terms of accuracy as well as training speed on real edge devices. On top of that, the paper proposes to employ data efficiency for further acceleration of sparse training. Our results suggest that unforgettable examples can be identified in-situ even during the dynamic exploration of sparsity masks in the sparse training process, and therefore can be removed for further training speedup on edge devices. Comparing with state-of-the-art (SOTA) works on accuracy, our MEST increases Top-1 accuracy significantly on ImageNet when using the same unstructured sparsity scheme. Systematical evaluation on accuracy, training speed, and memory footprint are conducted, where the proposed MEST framework consistently outperforms representative SOTA works. A reviewer strongly against our work based on his false assumptions and misunderstandings. On top of the previous submission, we employ data efficiency for further acceleration of sparse training. And we explore the impact of model sparsity, sparsity schemes, and sparse training algorithms on the number of removable training examples. Our codes are publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/boone891214/MEST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 62.Improving Local Effectiveness for Global robust training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14030.pdf)
>  Despite its popularity, deep neural networks are easily fooled. To alleviate this deficiency, researchers are actively developing new training strategies, which encourage models that are robust to small input perturbations. Several successful robust training methods have been proposed. However, many of them rely on strong adversaries, which can be prohibitively expensive to generate when the input dimension is high and the model structure is complicated. We adopt a new perspective on robustness and propose a novel training algorithm that allows a more effective use of adversaries. Our method improves the model robustness at each local ball centered around an adversary and then, by combining these local balls through a global term, achieves overall robustness. We demonstrate that, by maximizing the use of adversaries via focusing on local balls, we achieve high robust accuracy with weak adversaries. Specifically, our method reaches a similar robust accuracy level to the state of the art approaches trained on strong adversaries on MNIST, CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100. As a result, the overall training time is reduced. Furthermore, when trained with strong adversaries, our method matches with the current state of the art on MNIST and outperforms them on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100.      
### 63.Deep Integrated Pipeline of Segmentation Leading to Classification for Automated Detection of Breast Cancer from Breast Ultrasound Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14013.pdf)
>  Breast cancer has become a symbol of tremendous concern in the modern world, as it is one of the major causes of cancer mortality worldwide. In this concern, many people are frequently screening for breast cancer in order to be identified early and avert mortality from the disease by receiving treatment. Breast Ultrasonography Images are frequently utilized by doctors to diagnose breast cancer at an early stage. However, the complex artifacts and heavily noised Breast Ultrasonography Images make detecting Breast Cancer a tough challenge. Furthermore, the ever-increasing number of patients being screened for Breast Cancer necessitates the use of automated Computer Aided Technology for high accuracy diagnosis at a cheap cost and in a short period of time. The current progress of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the fields of Medical Image Analysis and Health Care is a boon to humanity. In this study, we have proposed a compact integrated automated pipelining framework which integrates ultrasonography image preprocessing with Simple Linear Iterative Clustering (SLIC) to tackle the complex artifact of Breast Ultrasonography Images complementing semantic segmentation with Modified U-Net leading to Breast Tumor classification with robust feature extraction using a transfer learning approach with pretrained VGG 16 model and densely connected neural network architecture. The proposed automated pipeline can be effectively implemented to assist medical practitioners in making more accurate and timely diagnoses of breast cancer.      
### 64.MisConv: Convolutional Neural Networks for Missing Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.14010.pdf)
>  Processing of missing data by modern neural networks, such as CNNs, remains a fundamental, yet unsolved challenge, which naturally arises in many practical applications, like image inpainting or autonomous vehicles and robots. While imputation-based techniques are still one of the most popular solutions, they frequently introduce unreliable information to the data and do not take into account the uncertainty of estimation, which may be destructive for a machine learning model. In this paper, we present MisConv, a general mechanism, for adapting various CNN architectures to process incomplete images. By modeling the distribution of missing values by the Mixture of Factor Analyzers, we cover the spectrum of possible replacements and find an analytical formula for the expected value of convolution operator applied to the incomplete image. The whole framework is realized by matrix operations, which makes MisConv extremely efficient in practice. Experiments performed on various image processing tasks demonstrate that MisConv achieves superior or comparable performance to the state-of-the-art methods.      
