# ArXiv cs.CV --Wed, 27 Oct 2021
### 1.NeRV: Neural Representations for Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13903.pdf)
>  We propose a novel neural representation for videos (NeRV) which encodes videos in neural networks. Unlike conventional representations that treat videos as frame sequences, we represent videos as neural networks taking frame index as input. Given a frame index, NeRV outputs the corresponding RGB image. Video encoding in NeRV is simply fitting a neural network to video frames and decoding process is a simple feedforward operation. As an image-wise implicit representation, NeRV output the whole image and shows great efficiency compared to pixel-wise implicit representation, improving the encoding speed by 25x to 70x, the decoding speed by 38x to 132x, while achieving better video quality. With such a representation, we can treat videos as neural networks, simplifying several video-related tasks. For example, conventional video compression methods are restricted by a long and complex pipeline, specifically designed for the task. In contrast, with NeRV, we can use any neural network compression method as a proxy for video compression, and achieve comparable performance to traditional frame-based video compression approaches (H.264, HEVC \etc). Besides compression, we demonstrate the generalization of NeRV for video denoising. The source code and pre-trained model can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/haochen-rye/NeRV.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.HR-RCNN: Hierarchical Relational Reasoning for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13892.pdf)
>  Incorporating relational reasoning in neural networks for object recognition remains an open problem. Although many attempts have been made for relational reasoning, they generally only consider a single type of relationship. For example, pixel relations through self-attention (e.g., non-local networks), scale relations through feature fusion (e.g., feature pyramid networks), or object relations through graph convolutions (e.g., reasoning-RCNN). Little attention has been given to more generalized frameworks that can reason across these relationships. In this paper, we propose a hierarchical relational reasoning framework (HR-RCNN) for object detection, which utilizes a novel graph attention module (GAM). This GAM is a concise module that enables reasoning across heterogeneous nodes by operating on the graph edges directly. Leveraging heterogeneous relationships, our HR-RCNN shows great improvement on COCO dataset, for both object detection and instance segmentation.      
### 3.A Light-weight Interpretable CompositionalNetwork for Nuclei Detection and Weakly-supervised Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13846.pdf)
>  The field of computational pathology has witnessed great advancements since deep neural networks have been widely applied. These deep neural networks usually require large numbers of annotated data to train vast parameters. However, it takes significant effort to annotate a large histopathology dataset. We propose to build a data-efficient model, which only requires partial annotation, specifically on isolated nucleus, rather than on the whole slide image. It exploits shallow features as its backbone and is light-weight, therefore a small number of data is sufficient for training. What's more, it is a generative compositional model, which enjoys interpretability in its prediction. The proposed method could be an alternative solution for the data-hungry problem of deep learning methods.      
### 4.CloudFindr: A Deep Learning Cloud Artifact Masker for Satellite DEM Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13819.pdf)
>  Artifact removal is an integral component of cinematic scientific visualization, and is especially challenging with big datasets in which artifacts are difficult to define. In this paper, we describe a method for creating cloud artifact masks which can be used to remove artifacts from satellite imagery using a combination of traditional image processing together with deep learning based on U-Net. Compared to previous methods, our approach does not require multi-channel spectral imagery but performs successfully on single-channel Digital Elevation Models (DEMs). DEMs are a representation of the topography of the Earth and have a variety applications including planetary science, geology, flood modeling, and city planning.      
### 5.Semantic Segmentation for Urban-Scene Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13813.pdf)
>  Urban-scene Image segmentation is an important and trending topic in computer vision with wide use cases like autonomous driving [1]. Starting with the breakthrough work of Long et al. [2] that introduces Fully Convolutional Networks (FCNs), the development of novel architectures and practical uses of neural networks in semantic segmentation has been expedited in the recent 5 years. Aside from seeking solutions in general model design for information shrinkage due to pooling, urban-scene image itself has intrinsic features like positional patterns [3]. Our project seeks an advanced and integrated solution that specifically targets urban-scene image semantic segmentation among the most novel approaches in the current field. We re-implement the cutting edge model DeepLabv3+ [4] with ResNet-101 [5] backbone as our strong baseline model. Based upon DeepLabv3+, we incorporate HANet [3] to account for the vertical spatial priors in urban-scene image tasks. To boost up model efficiency and performance, we further explore the Atrous Spatial Pooling (ASP) layer in DeepLabv3+ and infuse a computational efficient variation called "Waterfall" Atrous Spatial Pooling (WASP) [6] architecture in our model. We find that our two-step integrated model improves the mean Intersection-Over-Union (mIoU) score gradually from the baseline model. In particular, HANet successfully identifies height-driven patterns and improves per-class IoU of common class labels in urban scenario like fence and bus. We also demonstrate the improvement of model efficiency with help of WASP in terms of computational times during training and parameter reduction from the original ASPP module.      
### 6.Detecting speaking persons in video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13806.pdf)
>  We present a novel method for detecting speaking persons in video, by extracting facial landmarks with a neural network and analysing these landmarks statistically over time      
### 7.Pyramidal Blur Aware X-Corner Chessboard Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13793.pdf)
>  With camera resolution ever increasing and the need to rapidly recalibrate robotic platforms in less than ideal environments, there is a need for faster and more robust chessboard fiducial marker detectors. A new chessboard detector is proposed that is specifically designed for: high resolution images, focus/motion blur, harsh lighting conditions, and background clutter. This is accomplished using a new x-corner detector, where for the first time blur is estimated and used in a novel way to enhance corner localization, edge validation, and connectivity. Performance is measured and compared against other libraries using a diverse set of images created by combining multiple third party datasets and including new specially crafted scenarios designed to stress the state-of-the-art. The proposed detector has the best F1- Score of 0.97, runs 1.9x faster than next fastest, and is a top performer for corner accuracy, while being the only detector to have consistent good performance in all scenarios.      
### 8.AugMax: Adversarial Composition of Random Augmentations for Robust Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13771.pdf)
>  Data augmentation is a simple yet effective way to improve the robustness of deep neural networks (DNNs). Diversity and hardness are two complementary dimensions of data augmentation to achieve robustness. For example, AugMix explores random compositions of a diverse set of augmentations to enhance broader coverage, while adversarial training generates adversarially hard samples to spot the weakness. Motivated by this, we propose a data augmentation framework, termed AugMax, to unify the two aspects of diversity and hardness. AugMax first randomly samples multiple augmentation operators and then learns an adversarial mixture of the selected operators. Being a stronger form of data augmentation, AugMax leads to a significantly augmented input distribution which makes model training more challenging. To solve this problem, we further design a disentangled normalization module, termed DuBIN (Dual-Batch-and-Instance Normalization), that disentangles the instance-wise feature heterogeneity arising from AugMax. Experiments show that AugMax-DuBIN leads to significantly improved out-of-distribution robustness, outperforming prior arts by 3.03%, 3.49%, 1.82% and 0.71% on CIFAR10-C, CIFAR100-C, Tiny ImageNet-C and ImageNet-C. Codes and pretrained models are available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/VITA-Group/AugMax" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 9.H-NeRF: Neural Radiance Fields for Rendering and Temporal Reconstruction of Humans in Motion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13746.pdf)
>  We present H-NeRF, neural radiance fields for rendering and temporal (4D) reconstruction of a human in motion as captured by a sparse set of cameras or even from a monocular video. Our NeRF-inspired approach combines ideas from neural scene representation, novel-view synthesis, and implicit statistical geometric human representations. H-NeRF allows to accurately synthesize images of the observed subject under novel camera views and human poses. Instead of learning a radiance field in empty space, we attach it to a structured implicit human body model, represented using signed distance functions. This allows us to robustly fuse information from sparse views and, at test time, to extrapolate beyond the observed poses or views. Moreover, we apply geometric constraints to co-learn the structure of the observed subject (including both body and clothing) and to regularize the radiance field to geometrical plausible solutions. Extensive experiments on multiple datasets demonstrate the robustness and accuracy of our approach and its generalization capabilities beyond the sparse training set of poses and views.      
### 10.Robust Multi-view Registration of Point Sets with Laplacian Mixture Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13744.pdf)
>  Point set registration is an essential step in many computer vision applications, such as 3D reconstruction and SLAM. Although there exist many registration algorithms for different purposes, however, this topic is still challenging due to the increasing complexity of various real-world scenarios, such as heavy noise and outlier contamination. In this paper, we propose a novel probabilistic generative method to simultaneously align multiple point sets based on the heavy-tailed Laplacian distribution. The proposed method assumes each data point is generated by a Laplacian Mixture Model (LMM), where its centers are determined by the corresponding points in other point sets. Different from the previous Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) based method, which minimizes the quadratic distance between points and centers of Gaussian probability density, LMM minimizes the sparsity-induced L1 distance, thereby it is more robust against noise and outliers. We adopt Expectation-Maximization (EM) framework to solve LMM parameters and rigid transformations. We approximate the L1 optimization as a linear programming problem by exponential mapping in Lie algebra, which can be effectively solved through the interior point method. To improve efficiency, we also solve the L1 optimization by Alternating Direction Multiplier Method (ADMM). We demonstrate the advantages of our method by comparing it with representative state-of-the-art approaches on benchmark challenging data sets, in terms of robustness and accuracy.      
### 11.DP-SSL: Towards Robust Semi-supervised Learning with A Few Labeled Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13740.pdf)
>  The scarcity of labeled data is a critical obstacle to deep learning. Semi-supervised learning (SSL) provides a promising way to leverage unlabeled data by pseudo labels. However, when the size of labeled data is very small (say a few labeled samples per class), SSL performs poorly and unstably, possibly due to the low quality of learned pseudo labels. In this paper, we propose a new SSL method called DP-SSL that adopts an innovative data programming (DP) scheme to generate probabilistic labels for unlabeled data. Different from existing DP methods that rely on human experts to provide initial labeling functions (LFs), we develop a multiple-choice learning~(MCL) based approach to automatically generate LFs from scratch in SSL style. With the noisy labels produced by the LFs, we design a label model to resolve the conflict and overlap among the noisy labels, and finally infer probabilistic labels for unlabeled samples. Extensive experiments on four standard SSL benchmarks show that DP-SSL can provide reliable labels for unlabeled data and achieve better classification performance on test sets than existing SSL methods, especially when only a small number of labeled samples are available. Concretely, for CIFAR-10 with only 40 labeled samples, DP-SSL achieves 93.82% annotation accuracy on unlabeled data and 93.46% classification accuracy on test data, which are higher than the SOTA results.      
### 12.Semi-supervised dry herbage mass estimation using automatic data and synthetic images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13719.pdf)
>  Monitoring species-specific dry herbage biomass is an important aspect of pasture-based milk production systems. Being aware of the herbage biomass in the field enables farmers to manage surpluses and deficits in herbage supply, as well as using targeted nitrogen fertilization when necessary. Deep learning for computer vision is a powerful tool in this context as it can accurately estimate the dry biomass of a herbage parcel using images of the grass canopy taken using a portable device. However, the performance of deep learning comes at the cost of an extensive, and in this case destructive, data gathering process. Since accurate species-specific biomass estimation is labor intensive and destructive for the herbage parcel, we propose in this paper to study low supervision approaches to dry biomass estimation using computer vision. Our contributions include: a synthetic data generation algorithm to generate data for a herbage height aware semantic segmentation task, an automatic process to label data using semantic segmentation maps, and a robust regression network trained to predict dry biomass using approximate biomass labels and a small trusted dataset with gold standard labels. We design our approach on a herbage mass estimation dataset collected in Ireland and also report state-of-the-art results on the publicly released Grass-Clover biomass estimation dataset from Denmark. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/J0L2a" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 13.YOLO-ReT: Towards High Accuracy Real-time Object Detection on Edge GPUs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13713.pdf)
>  Performance of object detection models has been growing rapidly on two major fronts, model accuracy and efficiency. However, in order to map deep neural network (DNN) based object detection models to edge devices, one typically needs to compress such models significantly, thus compromising the model accuracy. In this paper, we propose a novel edge GPU friendly module for multi-scale feature interaction by exploiting missing combinatorial connections between various feature scales in existing state-of-the-art methods. Additionally, we propose a novel transfer learning backbone adoption inspired by the changing translational information flow across various tasks, designed to complement our feature interaction module and together improve both accuracy as well as execution speed on various edge GPU devices available in the market. For instance, YOLO-ReT with MobileNetV2x0.75 backbone runs real-time on Jetson Nano, and achieves 68.75 mAP on Pascal VOC and 34.91 mAP on COCO, beating its peers by 3.05 mAP and 0.91 mAP respectively, while executing faster by 3.05 FPS. Furthermore, introducing our multi-scale feature interaction module in YOLOv4-tiny and YOLOv4-tiny (3l) improves their performance to 41.5 and 48.1 mAP respectively on COCO, outperforming the original versions by 1.3 and 0.9 mAP.      
### 14.TNTC: two-stream network with transformer-based complementarity for gait-based emotion recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13708.pdf)
>  Recognizing the human emotion automatically from visual characteristics plays a vital role in many intelligent applications. Recently, gait-based emotion recognition, especially gait skeletons-based characteristic, has attracted much attention, while many available methods have been proposed gradually. The popular pipeline is to first extract affective features from joint skeletons, and then aggregate the skeleton joint and affective features as the feature vector for classifying the emotion. However, the aggregation procedure of these emerged methods might be rigid, resulting in insufficiently exploiting the complementary relationship between skeleton joint and affective features. Meanwhile, the long range dependencies in both spatial and temporal domains of the gait sequence are scarcely considered. To address these issues, we propose a novel two-stream network with transformer-based complementarity, termed as TNTC. Skeleton joint and affective features are encoded into two individual images as the inputs of two streams, respectively. A new transformer-based complementarity module (TCM) is proposed to bridge the complementarity between two streams hierarchically via capturing long range dependencies. Experimental results demonstrate TNTC outperforms state-of-the-art methods on the latest dataset in terms of accuracy.      
### 15.Addressing out-of-distribution label noise in webly-labelled data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13699.pdf)
>  A recurring focus of the deep learning community is towards reducing the labeling effort. Data gathering and annotation using a search engine is a simple alternative to generating a fully human-annotated and human-gathered dataset. Although web crawling is very time efficient, some of the retrieved images are unavoidably noisy, i.e. incorrectly labeled. Designing robust algorithms for training on noisy data gathered from the web is an important research perspective that would render the building of datasets easier. In this paper we conduct a study to understand the type of label noise to expect when building a dataset using a search engine. We review the current limitations of state-of-the-art methods for dealing with noisy labels for image classification tasks in the case of web noise distribution. We propose a simple solution to bridge the gap with a fully clean dataset using Dynamic Softening of Out-of-distribution Samples (DSOS), which we design on corrupted versions of the CIFAR-100 dataset, and compare against state-of-the-art algorithms on the web noise perturbated MiniImageNet and Stanford datasets and on real label noise datasets: WebVision 1.0 and Clothing1M. Our work is fully reproducible <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://git.io/JKGcj" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 16.A Horizon Detection Algorithm for Maritime Surveillance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13694.pdf)
>  The horizon line is a valuable feature in the maritime environment as it has a high persistence when compared to other features (e.g., shore corners, waves). It is used in several applications, especially in maritime surveillance. The task of horizon detection may be easy for humans, but it is hard on computers due to the high change of color and texture on maritime scenes. Moreover, the computational complexity is an important constraint to take into account while developing the algorithm. In this paper, we propose a new method that we expect to enhance the state-of-the-art.      
### 17.BioIE: Biomedical Information Extraction with Multi-head Attention Enhanced Graph Convolutional Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13683.pdf)
>  Constructing large-scaled medical knowledge graphs can significantly boost healthcare applications for medical surveillance, bring much attention from recent research. An essential step in constructing large-scale MKG is extracting information from medical reports. Recently, information extraction techniques have been proposed and show promising performance in biomedical information extraction. However, these methods only consider limited types of entity and relation due to the noisy biomedical text data with complex entity correlations. Thus, they fail to provide enough information for constructing MKGs and restrict the downstream applications. To address this issue, we propose Biomedical Information Extraction, a hybrid neural network to extract relations from biomedical text and unstructured medical reports. Our model utilizes a multi-head attention enhanced graph convolutional network to capture the complex relations and context information while resisting the noise from the data. We evaluate our model on two major biomedical relationship extraction tasks, chemical-disease relation and chemical-protein interaction, and a cross-hospital pan-cancer pathology report corpus. The results show that our method achieves superior performance than baselines. Furthermore, we evaluate the applicability of our method under a transfer learning setting and show that BioIE achieves promising performance in processing medical text from different formats and writing styles.      
### 18.A Personalized Diagnostic Generation Framework Based on Multi-source Heterogeneous Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13677.pdf)
>  Personalized diagnoses have not been possible due to sear amount of data pathologists have to bear during the day-to-day routine. This lead to the current generalized standards that are being continuously updated as new findings are reported. It is noticeable that these effective standards are developed based on a multi-source heterogeneous data, including whole-slide images and pathology and clinical reports. In this study, we propose a framework that combines pathological images and medical reports to generate a personalized diagnosis result for individual patient. We use nuclei-level image feature similarity and content-based deep learning method to search for a personalized group of population with similar pathological characteristics, extract structured prognostic information from descriptive pathology reports of the similar patient population, and assign importance of different prognostic factors to generate a personalized pathological diagnosis result. We use multi-source heterogeneous data from TCGA (The Cancer Genome Atlas) database. The result demonstrate that our framework matches the performance of pathologists in the diagnosis of renal cell carcinoma. This framework is designed to be generic, thus could be applied for other types of cancer. The weights could provide insights to the known prognostic factors and further guide more precise clinical treatment protocols.      
### 19.Alpha-IoU: A Family of Power Intersection over Union Losses for Bounding Box Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13675.pdf)
>  Bounding box (bbox) regression is a fundamental task in computer vision. So far, the most commonly used loss functions for bbox regression are the Intersection over Union (IoU) loss and its variants. In this paper, we generalize existing IoU-based losses to a new family of power IoU losses that have a power IoU term and an additional power regularization term with a single power parameter $\alpha$. We call this new family of losses the $\alpha$-IoU losses and analyze properties such as order preservingness and loss/gradient reweighting. Experiments on multiple object detection benchmarks and models demonstrate that $\alpha$-IoU losses, 1) can surpass existing IoU-based losses by a noticeable performance margin; 2) offer detectors more flexibility in achieving different levels of bbox regression accuracy by modulating $\alpha$; and 3) are more robust to small datasets and noisy bboxes.      
### 20.Incremental Learning for Animal Pose Estimation using RBF k-DPP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13598.pdf)
>  Pose estimation is the task of locating keypoints for an object of interest in an image. Animal Pose estimation is more challenging than estimating human pose due to high inter and intra class variability in animals. Existing works solve this problem for a fixed set of predefined animal categories. Models trained on such sets usually do not work well with new animal categories. Retraining the model on new categories makes the model overfit and leads to catastrophic forgetting. Thus, in this work, we propose a novel problem of "Incremental Learning for Animal Pose Estimation". Our method uses an exemplar memory, sampled using Determinantal Point Processes (DPP) to continually adapt to new animal categories without forgetting the old ones. We further propose a new variant of k-DPP that uses RBF kernel (termed as "RBF k-DPP") which gives more gain in performance over traditional k-DPP. Due to memory constraints, the limited number of exemplars along with new class data can lead to class imbalance. We mitigate it by performing image warping as an augmentation technique. This helps in crafting diverse poses, which reduces overfitting and yields further improvement in performance. The efficacy of our proposed approach is demonstrated via extensive experiments and ablations where we obtain significant improvements over state-of-the-art baseline methods.      
### 21.Emotion recognition in talking-face videos using persistent entropy and neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13571.pdf)
>  The automatic recognition of a person's emotional state has become a very active research field that involves scientists specialized in different areas such as artificial intelligence, computer vision or psychology, among others. Our main objective in this work is to develop a novel approach, using persistent entropy and neural networks as main tools, to recognise and classify emotions from talking-face videos. Specifically, we combine audio-signal and image-sequence information to compute a topology signature(a 9-dimensional vector) for each video. We prove that small changes in the video produce small changes in the signature. These topological signatures are used to feed a neural network to distinguish between the following emotions: neutral, calm, happy, sad, angry, fearful, disgust, and surprised. The results reached are promising and competitive, beating the performance reached in other state-of-the-art works found in the literature.      
### 22.Learning Graph Representation of Person-specific Cognitive Processes from Audio-visual Behaviours for Automatic Personality Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13570.pdf)
>  This approach builds on two following findings in cognitive science: (i) human cognition partially determines expressed behaviour and is directly linked to true personality traits; and (ii) in dyadic interactions individuals' nonverbal behaviours are influenced by their conversational partner behaviours. In this context, we hypothesise that during a dyadic interaction, a target subject's facial reactions are driven by two main factors, i.e. their internal (person-specific) cognitive process, and the externalised nonverbal behaviours of their conversational partner. Consequently, we propose to represent the target subjects (defined as the listener) person-specific cognition in the form of a person-specific CNN architecture that has unique architectural parameters and depth, which takes audio-visual non-verbal cues displayed by the conversational partner (defined as the speaker) as input, and is able to reproduce the target subject's facial reactions. Each person-specific CNN is explored by the Neural Architecture Search (NAS) and a novel adaptive loss function, which is then represented as a graph representation for recognising the target subject's true personality. Experimental results not only show that the produced graph representations are well associated with target subjects' personality traits in both human-human and human-machine interaction scenarios, and outperform the existing approaches with significant advantages, but also demonstrate that the proposed novel strategies such as adaptive loss, and the end-to-end vertices/edges feature learning, help the proposed approach in learning more reliable personality representations.      
### 23.Cross-Region Building Counting in Satellite Imagery using Counting Consistency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13558.pdf)
>  Estimating the number of buildings in any geographical region is a vital component of urban analysis, disaster management, and public policy decision. Deep learning methods for building localization and counting in satellite imagery, can serve as a viable and cheap alternative. However, these algorithms suffer performance degradation when applied to the regions on which they have not been trained. Current large datasets mostly cover the developed regions and collecting such datasets for every region is a costly, time-consuming, and difficult endeavor. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised domain adaptation method for counting buildings where we use a labeled source domain (developed regions) and adapt the trained model on an unlabeled target domain (developing regions). We initially align distribution maps across domains by aligning the output space distribution through adversarial loss. We then exploit counting consistency constraints, within-image count consistency, and across-image count consistency, to decrease the domain shift. Within-image consistency enforces that building count in the whole image should be greater than or equal to count in any of its sub-image. Across-image consistency constraint enforces that if an image contains considerably more buildings than the other image, then their sub-images shall also have the same order. These two constraints encourage the behavior to be consistent across and within the images, regardless of the scale. To evaluate the performance of our proposed approach, we collected and annotated a large-scale dataset consisting of challenging South Asian regions having higher building densities and irregular structures as compared to existing datasets. We perform extensive experiments to verify the efficacy of our approach and report improvements of approximately 7% to 20% over the competitive baseline methods.      
### 24.Directional Self-supervised Learning for Risky Image Augmentations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13555.pdf)
>  Only a few cherry-picked robust augmentation policies are beneficial to standard self-supervised image representation learning, despite the large augmentation family. In this paper, we propose a directional self-supervised learning paradigm (DSSL), which is compatible with significantly more augmentations. Specifically, we adapt risky augmentation policies after standard views augmented by robust augmentations, to generate harder risky view (RV). The risky view usually has a higher deviation from the original image than the standard robust view (SV). Unlike previous methods equally pairing all augmented views for symmetrical self-supervised training to maximize their similarities, DSSL treats augmented views of the same instance as a partially ordered set (SV$\leftrightarrow $SV, SV$\leftarrow$RV), and then equips directional objective functions respecting to the derived relationships among views. DSSL can be easily implemented with a few lines of Pseudocode and is highly flexible to popular self-supervised learning frameworks, including SimCLR, SimSiam, BYOL. The extensive experimental results on CIFAR and ImageNet demonstrated that DSSL can stably improve these frameworks with compatibility to a wider range of augmentations.      
### 25.Single Morphing Attack Detection using Feature Selection and Visualisation based on Mutual Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13552.pdf)
>  Face morphing attack detection is a challenging task. Automatic classification methods and manual inspection are realised in automatic border control gates to detect morphing attacks. Understanding how a machine learning system can detect morphed faces and the most relevant facial areas is crucial. Those relevant areas contain texture signals that allow us to separate the bona fide and the morph images. Also, it helps in the manual examination to detect a passport generated with morphed images. This paper explores features extracted from intensity, shape, texture, and proposes a feature selection stage based on the Mutual Information filter to select the most relevant and less redundant features. This selection allows us to reduce the workload and know the exact localisation of such areas to understand the morphing impact and create a robust classifier. The best results were obtained for the method based on Conditional Mutual Information and Shape features using only 500 features for FERET images and 800 features for FRGCv2 images from 1,048 features available. The eyes and nose are identified as the most critical areas to be analysed.      
### 26.Meta-Learning for Multi-Label Few-Shot Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13494.pdf)
>  Even with the luxury of having abundant data, multi-label classification is widely known to be a challenging task to address. This work targets the problem of multi-label meta-learning, where a model learns to predict multiple labels within a query (e.g., an image) by just observing a few supporting examples. In doing so, we first propose a benchmark for Few-Shot Learning (FSL) with multiple labels per sample. Next, we discuss and extend several solutions specifically designed to address the conventional and single-label FSL, to work in the multi-label regime. Lastly, we introduce a neural module to estimate the label count of a given sample by exploiting the relational inference. We will show empirically the benefit of the label count module, the label propagation algorithm, and the extensions of conventional FSL methods on three challenging datasets, namely MS-COCO, iMaterialist, and Open MIC. Overall, our thorough experiments suggest that the proposed label-propagation algorithm in conjunction with the neural label count module (NLC) shall be considered as the method of choice.      
### 27.Zero-Shot Action Recognition from Diverse Object-Scene Compositions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13479.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the problem of zero-shot action recognition, in the setting where no training videos with seen actions are available. For this challenging scenario, the current leading approach is to transfer knowledge from the image domain by recognizing objects in videos using pre-trained networks, followed by a semantic matching between objects and actions. Where objects provide a local view on the content in videos, in this work we also seek to include a global view of the scene in which actions occur. We find that scenes on their own are also capable of recognizing unseen actions, albeit more marginally than objects, and a direct combination of object-based and scene-based scores degrades the action recognition performance. To get the best out of objects and scenes, we propose to construct them as a Cartesian product of all possible compositions. We outline how to determine the likelihood of object-scene compositions in videos, as well as a semantic matching from object-scene compositions to actions that enforces diversity among the most relevant compositions for each action. While simple, our composition-based approach outperforms object-based approaches and even state-of-the-art zero-shot approaches that rely on large-scale video datasets with hundreds of seen actions for training and knowledge transfer.      
### 28.CTRN: Class-Temporal Relational Network for Action Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13473.pdf)
>  Action detection is an essential and challenging task, especially for densely labelled datasets of untrimmed videos. There are many real-world challenges in those datasets, such as composite action, co-occurring action, and high temporal variation of instance duration. For handling these challenges, we propose to explore both the class and temporal relations of detected actions. In this work, we introduce an end-to-end network: Class-Temporal Relational Network (CTRN). It contains three key components: (1) The Representation Transform Module filters the class-specific features from the mixed representations to build graph-structured data. (2) The Class-Temporal Module models the class and temporal relations in a sequential manner. (3) G-classifier leverages the privileged knowledge of the snippet-wise co-occurring action pairs to further improve the co-occurring action detection. We evaluate CTRN on three challenging densely labelled datasets and achieve state-of-the-art performance, reflecting the effectiveness and robustness of our method.      
### 29.Response-based Distillation for Incremental Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13471.pdf)
>  Traditional object detection are ill-equipped for incremental learning. However, fine-tuning directly on a well-trained detection model with only new data will leads to catastrophic forgetting. Knowledge distillation is a straightforward way to mitigate catastrophic forgetting. In Incremental Object Detection (IOD), previous work mainly focuses on feature-level knowledge distillation, but the different response of detector has not been fully explored yet. In this paper, we propose a fully response-based incremental distillation method focusing on learning response from detection bounding boxes and classification predictions. Firstly, our method transferring category knowledge while equipping student model with the ability to retain localization knowledge during incremental learning. In addition, we further evaluate the qualities of all locations and provides valuable response by adaptive pseudo-label selection (APS) strategies. Finally, we elucidate that knowledge from different responses should be assigned with different importance during incremental distillation. Extensive experiments conducted on MS COCO demonstrate significant advantages of our method, which substantially narrow the performance gap towards full training.      
### 30.Subject Adaptive EEG-based Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13470.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on EEG-based visual recognition, aiming to predict the visual object class observed by a subject based on his/her EEG signals. One of the main challenges is the large variation between signals from different subjects. It limits recognition systems to work only for the subjects involved in model training, which is undesirable for real-world scenarios where new subjects are frequently added. This limitation can be alleviated by collecting a large amount of data for each new user, yet it is costly and sometimes infeasible. To make the task more practical, we introduce a novel problem setting, namely subject adaptive EEG-based visual recognition. In this setting, a bunch of pre-recorded data of existing users (source) is available, while only a little training data from a new user (target) are provided. At inference time, the model is evaluated solely on the signals from the target user. This setting is challenging, especially because training samples from source subjects may not be helpful when evaluating the model on the data from the target subject. To tackle the new problem, we design a simple yet effective baseline that minimizes the discrepancy between feature distributions from different subjects, which allows the model to extract subject-independent features. Consequently, our model can learn the common knowledge shared among subjects, thereby significantly improving the recognition performance for the target subject. In the experiments, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our method under various settings. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DeepBCI/Deep-BCI/tree/master/1_Intelligent_BCI/Subject_Adaptive_EEG_based_Visual_Recognition" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.A time-weighted metric for sets of trajectories to assess multi-object tracking algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13444.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a metric for sets of trajectories to evaluate multi-object tracking algorithms that includes time-weighted costs for localisation errors of properly detected targets, for false targets, missed targets and track switches. The proposed metric extends the metric in [1] by including weights to the costs associated to different time steps. The time-weighted costs increase the flexibility of the metric [1] to fit more applications and user preferences. We first introduce a metric based on multi-dimensional assignments, and then its linear programming relaxation, which is computable in polynomial time and is also a metric. The metrics can also be extended to metrics on random finite sets of trajectories to evaluate and rank algorithms across different scenarios, each with a ground truth set of trajectories.      
### 32.Understanding the Role of Self-Supervised Learning in Out-of-Distribution Detection Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13435.pdf)
>  Self-supervised learning (SSL) has achieved great success in a variety of computer vision tasks. However, the mechanism of how SSL works in these tasks remains a mystery. In this paper, we study how SSL can enhance the performance of the out-of-distribution (OOD) detection task. We first point out two general properties that a good OOD detector should have: 1) the overall feature space should be large and 2) the inlier feature space should be small. Then we demonstrate that SSL can indeed increase the intrinsic dimension of the overall feature space. In the meantime, SSL even has the potential to shrink the inlier feature space. As a result, there will be more space spared for the outliers, making OOD detection much easier. The conditions when SSL can shrink the inlier feature space is also discussed and validated. By understanding the role of SSL in the OOD detection task, our study can provide a guideline for designing better OOD detection algorithms. Moreover, this work can also shed light to other tasks where SSL can improve the performance.      
### 33.Contextual Similarity Aggregation with Self-attention for Visual Re-ranking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13430.pdf)
>  In content-based image retrieval, the first-round retrieval result by simple visual feature comparison may be unsatisfactory, which can be refined by visual re-ranking techniques. In image retrieval, it is observed that the contextual similarity among the top-ranked images is an important clue to distinguish the semantic relevance. Inspired by this observation, in this paper, we propose a visual re-ranking method by contextual similarity aggregation with self-attention. In our approach, for each image in the top-K ranking list, we represent it into an affinity feature vector by comparing it with a set of anchor images. Then, the affinity features of the top-K images are refined by aggregating the contextual information with a transformer encoder. Finally, the affinity features are used to recalculate the similarity scores between the query and the top-K images for re-ranking of the latter. To further improve the robustness of our re-ranking model and enhance the performance of our method, a new data augmentation scheme is designed. Since our re-ranking model is not directly involved with the visual feature used in the initial retrieval, it is ready to be applied to retrieval result lists obtained from various retrieval algorithms. We conduct comprehensive experiments on four benchmark datasets to demonstrate the generality and effectiveness of our proposed visual re-ranking method.      
### 34.Semantic Host-free Trojan Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13414.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel host-free Trojan attack with triggers that are fixed in the semantic space but not necessarily in the pixel space. In contrast to existing Trojan attacks which use clean input images as hosts to carry small, meaningless trigger patterns, our attack considers triggers as full-sized images belonging to a semantically meaningful object class. Since in our attack, the backdoored classifier is encouraged to memorize the abstract semantics of the trigger images than any specific fixed pattern, it can be later triggered by semantically similar but different looking images. This makes our attack more practical to be applied in the real-world and harder to defend against. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that with only a small number of Trojan patterns for training, our attack can generalize well to new patterns of the same Trojan class and can bypass state-of-the-art defense methods.      
### 35.TriBERT: Full-body Human-centric Audio-visual Representation Learning for Visual Sound Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13412.pdf)
>  The recent success of transformer models in language, such as BERT, has motivated the use of such architectures for multi-modal feature learning and tasks. However, most multi-modal variants (e.g., ViLBERT) have limited themselves to visual-linguistic data. Relatively few have explored its use in audio-visual modalities, and none, to our knowledge, illustrate them in the context of granular audio-visual detection or segmentation tasks such as sound source separation and localization. In this work, we introduce TriBERT -- a transformer-based architecture, inspired by ViLBERT, which enables contextual feature learning across three modalities: vision, pose, and audio, with the use of flexible co-attention. The use of pose keypoints is inspired by recent works that illustrate that such representations can significantly boost performance in many audio-visual scenarios where often one or more persons are responsible for the sound explicitly (e.g., talking) or implicitly (e.g., sound produced as a function of human manipulating an object). From a technical perspective, as part of the TriBERT architecture, we introduce a learned visual tokenization scheme based on spatial attention and leverage weak-supervision to allow granular cross-modal interactions for visual and pose modalities. Further, we supplement learning with sound-source separation loss formulated across all three streams. We pre-train our model on the large MUSIC21 dataset and demonstrate improved performance in audio-visual sound source separation on that dataset as well as other datasets through fine-tuning. In addition, we show that the learned TriBERT representations are generic and significantly improve performance on other audio-visual tasks such as cross-modal audio-visual-pose retrieval by as much as 66.7% in top-1 accuracy.      
### 36.Learning Rich Features for Gait Recognition by Integrating Skeletons and Silhouettes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13408.pdf)
>  Gait recognition captures gait patterns from the walking sequence of an individual for identification. Most existing gait recognition methods learn features from silhouettes or skeletons for the robustness to clothing, carrying, and other exterior factors. The combination of the two data modalities, however, is not fully exploited. This paper proposes a simple yet effective bimodal fusion (BiFusion) network, which mines the complementary clues of skeletons and silhouettes, to learn rich features for gait identification. Particularly, the inherent hierarchical semantics of body joints in a skeleton is leveraged to design a novel Multi-scale Gait Graph (MSGG) network for the feature extraction of skeletons. Extensive experiments on CASIA-B and OUMVLP demonstrate both the superiority of the proposed MSGG network in modeling skeletons and the effectiveness of the bimodal fusion for gait recognition. Under the most challenging condition of walking in different clothes on CASIA-B, our method achieves the rank-1 accuracy of 92.1%.      
### 37.Transferring Domain-Agnostic Knowledge in Video Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13395.pdf)
>  Video question answering (VideoQA) is designed to answer a given question based on a relevant video clip. The current available large-scale datasets have made it possible to formulate VideoQA as the joint understanding of visual and language information. However, this training procedure is costly and still less competent with human performance. In this paper, we investigate a transfer learning method by the introduction of domain-agnostic knowledge and domain-specific knowledge. First, we develop a novel transfer learning framework, which finetunes the pre-trained model by applying domain-agnostic knowledge as the medium. Second, we construct a new VideoQA dataset with 21,412 human-generated question-answer samples for comparable transfer of knowledge. Our experiments show that: (i) domain-agnostic knowledge is transferable and (ii) our proposed transfer learning framework can boost VideoQA performance effectively.      
### 38.A Normalized Gaussian Wasserstein Distance for Tiny Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13389.pdf)
>  Detecting tiny objects is a very challenging problem since a tiny object only contains a few pixels in size. We demonstrate that state-of-the-art detectors do not produce satisfactory results on tiny objects due to the lack of appearance information. Our key observation is that Intersection over Union (IoU) based metrics such as IoU itself and its extensions are very sensitive to the location deviation of the tiny objects, and drastically deteriorate the detection performance when used in anchor-based detectors. To alleviate this, we propose a new evaluation metric using Wasserstein distance for tiny object detection. Specifically, we first model the bounding boxes as 2D Gaussian distributions and then propose a new metric dubbed Normalized Wasserstein Distance (NWD) to compute the similarity between them by their corresponding Gaussian distributions. The proposed NWD metric can be easily embedded into the assignment, non-maximum suppression, and loss function of any anchor-based detector to replace the commonly used IoU metric. We evaluate our metric on a new dataset for tiny object detection (AI-TOD) in which the average object size is much smaller than existing object detection datasets. Extensive experiments show that, when equipped with NWD metric, our approach yields performance that is 6.7 AP points higher than a standard fine-tuning baseline, and 6.0 AP points higher than state-of-the-art competitors.      
### 39.Self-Denoising Neural Networks for Few Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13386.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a new architecture for few shot learning, the task of teaching a neural network from as few as one or five labeled examples. Inspired by the theoretical results of Alaine et al that Denoising Autoencoders refine features to lie closer to the true data manifold, we present a new training scheme that adds noise at multiple stages of an existing neural architecture while simultaneously learning to be robust to this added noise. This architecture, which we call a Self-Denoising Neural Network (SDNN), can be applied easily to most modern convolutional neural architectures, and can be used as a supplement to many existing few-shot learning techniques. We empirically show that SDNNs out-perform previous state-of-the-art methods for few shot image recognition using the Wide-ResNet architecture on the \textit{mini}ImageNet, tiered-ImageNet, and CIFAR-FS few shot learning datasets. We also perform a series of ablation experiments to empirically justify the construction of the SDNN architecture. Finally, we show that SDNNs even improve few shot performance on the task of human action detection in video using experiments on the ActEV SDL Surprise Activities challenge.      
### 40.IIP-Transformer: Intra-Inter-Part Transformer for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13385.pdf)
>  Recently, Transformer-based networks have shown great promise on skeleton-based action recognition tasks. The ability to capture global and local dependencies is the key to success while it also brings quadratic computation and memory cost. Another problem is that previous studies mainly focus on the relationships among individual joints, which often suffers from the noisy skeleton joints introduced by the noisy inputs of sensors or inaccurate estimations. To address the above issues, we propose a novel Transformer-based network (IIP-Transformer). Instead of exploiting interactions among individual joints, our IIP-Transformer incorporates body joints and parts interactions simultaneously and thus can capture both joint-level (intra-part) and part-level (inter-part) dependencies efficiently and effectively. From the data aspect, we introduce a part-level skeleton data encoding that significantly reduces the computational complexity and is more robust to joint-level skeleton noise. Besides, a new part-level data augmentation is proposed to improve the performance of the model. On two large-scale datasets, NTU-RGB+D 60 and NTU RGB+D 120, the proposed IIP-Transformer achieves the-state-of-art performance with more than 8x less computational complexity than DSTA-Net, which is the SOTA Transformer-based method.      
### 41.ViDA-MAN: Visual Dialog with Digital Humans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13384.pdf)
>  We demonstrate ViDA-MAN, a digital-human agent for multi-modal interaction, which offers realtime audio-visual responses to instant speech inquiries. Compared to traditional text or voice-based system, ViDA-MAN offers human-like interactions (e.g, vivid voice, natural facial expression and body gestures). Given a speech request, the demonstration is able to response with high quality videos in sub-second latency. To deliver immersive user experience, ViDA-MAN seamlessly integrates multi-modal techniques including Acoustic Speech Recognition (ASR), multi-turn dialog, Text To Speech (TTS), talking heads video generation. Backed with large knowledge base, ViDA-MAN is able to chat with users on a number of topics including chit-chat, weather, device control, News recommendations, booking hotels, as well as answering questions via structured knowledge.      
### 42.Plug-and-Play Few-shot Object Detection with Meta Strategy and Explicit Localization Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13377.pdf)
>  Aiming at recognizing and localizing the object of novel categories by a few reference samples, few-shot object detection is a quite challenging task. Previous works often depend on the fine-tuning process to transfer their model to the novel category and rarely consider the defect of fine-tuning, resulting in many drawbacks. For example, these methods are far from satisfying in the low-shot or episode-based scenarios since the fine-tuning process in object detection requires much time and high-shot support data. To this end, this paper proposes a plug-and-play few-shot object detection (PnP-FSOD) framework that can accurately and directly detect the objects of novel categories without the fine-tuning process. To accomplish the objective, the PnP-FSOD framework contains two parallel techniques to address the core challenges in the few-shot learning, i.e., across-category task and few-annotation support. Concretely, we first propose two simple but effective meta strategies for the box classifier and RPN module to enable the across-category object detection without fine-tuning. Then, we introduce two explicit inferences into the localization process to reduce its dependence on the annotated data, including explicit localization score and semi-explicit box regression. In addition to the PnP-FSOD framework, we propose a novel one-step tuning method that can avoid the defects in fine-tuning. It is noteworthy that the proposed techniques and tuning method are based on the general object detector without other prior methods, so they are easily compatible with the existing FSOD methods. Extensive experiments show that the PnP-FSOD framework has achieved the state-of-the-art few-shot object detection performance without any tuning method. After applying the one-step tuning method, it further shows a significant lead in both efficiency, precision, and recall, under varied evaluation protocols.      
### 43.Camera-Based Physiological Sensing: Challenges and Future Directions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13362.pdf)
>  Numerous real-world applications have been driven by the recent algorithmic advancement of artificial intelligence (AI). Healthcare is no exception and AI technologies have great potential to revolutionize the industry. Non-contact camera-based physiological sensing, including remote photoplethysmography (rPPG), is a set of imaging methods that leverages ordinary RGB cameras (e.g., webcam or smartphone camera) to capture subtle changes in electromagnetic radiation (e.g., light) reflected by the body caused by physiological processes. Because of the relative ubiquity of cameras, these methods not only have the ability to measure the signals without contact with the body but also have the opportunity to capture multimodal information (e.g., facial expressions, activities and other context) from the same sensor. However, developing accessible, equitable and useful camera-based physiological sensing systems comes with various challenges. In this article, we identify four research challenges for the field of camera-based physiological sensing and broader AI driven healthcare communities and suggest future directions to tackle these. We believe solving these challenges will help deliver accurate, equitable and generalizable AI systems for healthcare that are practical in real-world and clinical contexts.      
### 44.Robust Ellipsoid-specific Fitting via Expectation Maximization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13337.pdf)
>  Ellipsoid fitting is of general interest in machine vision, such as object detection and shape approximation. Most existing approaches rely on the least-squares fitting of quadrics, minimizing the algebraic or geometric distances, with additional constraints to enforce the quadric as an ellipsoid. However, they are susceptible to outliers and non-ellipsoid or biased results when the axis ratio exceeds certain thresholds. To address these problems, we propose a novel and robust method for ellipsoid fitting in a noisy, outlier-contaminated 3D environment. We explicitly model the ellipsoid by kernel density estimation (KDE) of the input data. The ellipsoid fitting is cast as a maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) problem without extra constraints, where a weighting term is added to depress outliers, and then effectively solved via the Expectation-Maximization (EM) framework. Furthermore, we introduce the vector {\epsilon} technique to accelerate the convergence of the original EM. The proposed method is compared with representative state-of-the-art approaches by extensive experiments, and results show that our method is ellipsoid-specific, parameter free, and more robust against noise, outliers, and the large axis ratio. Our implementation is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zikai1.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.History Aware Multimodal Transformer for Vision-and-Language Navigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13309.pdf)
>  Vision-and-language navigation (VLN) aims to build autonomous visual agents that follow instructions and navigate in real scenes. To remember previously visited locations and actions taken, most approaches to VLN implement memory using recurrent states. Instead, we introduce a History Aware Multimodal Transformer (HAMT) to incorporate a long-horizon history into multimodal decision making. HAMT efficiently encodes all the past panoramic observations via a hierarchical vision transformer (ViT), which first encodes individual images with ViT, then models spatial relation between images in a panoramic observation and finally takes into account temporal relation between panoramas in the history. It, then, jointly combines text, history and current observation to predict the next action. We first train HAMT end-to-end using several proxy tasks including single step action prediction and spatial relation prediction, and then use reinforcement learning to further improve the navigation policy. HAMT achieves new state of the art on a broad range of VLN tasks, including VLN with fine-grained instructions (R2R, RxR), high-level instructions (R2R-Last, REVERIE), dialogs (CVDN) as well as long-horizon VLN (R4R, R2R-Back). We demonstrate HAMT to be particularly effective for navigation tasks with longer trajectories.      
### 46.Uncertainty quantification in non-rigid image registration via stochastic gradient Markov chain Monte Carlo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13289.pdf)
>  We develop a new Bayesian model for non-rigid registration of three-dimensional medical images, with a focus on uncertainty quantification. Probabilistic registration of large images with calibrated uncertainty estimates is difficult for both computational and modelling reasons. To address the computational issues, we explore connections between the Markov chain Monte Carlo by backpropagation and the variational inference by backpropagation frameworks, in order to efficiently draw samples from the posterior distribution of transformation parameters. To address the modelling issues, we formulate a Bayesian model for image registration that overcomes the existing barriers when using a dense, high-dimensional, and diffeomorphic transformation parametrisation. This results in improved calibration of uncertainty estimates. We compare the model in terms of both image registration accuracy and uncertainty quantification to VoxelMorph, a state-of-the-art image registration model based on deep learning.      
### 47.Generative Flows as a General Purpose Solution for Inverse Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13285.pdf)
>  Due to the success of generative flows to model data distributions, they have been explored in inverse problems. Given a pre-trained generative flow, previous work proposed to minimize the 2-norm of the latent variables as a regularization term in the main objective. The intuition behind it was to ensure high likelihood latent variables, however this does not ensure the generation of realistic samples as we show in our experiments. We therefore propose a regularization term to directly produce high likelihood reconstructions. Our hypothesis is that our method could make generative flows a general-purpose solver for inverse problems. We evaluate our method in image denoising, image deblurring, image inpainting, and image colorization. We observe a compelling improvement of our method over prior works in the PSNR and SSIM metrics.      
### 48.A Variational Graph Autoencoder for Manipulation Action Recognition and Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13280.pdf)
>  Despite decades of research, understanding human manipulation activities is, and has always been, one of the most attractive and challenging research topics in computer vision and robotics. Recognition and prediction of observed human manipulation actions have their roots in the applications related to, for instance, human-robot interaction and robot learning from demonstration. The current research trend heavily relies on advanced convolutional neural networks to process the structured Euclidean data, such as RGB camera images. These networks, however, come with immense computational complexity to be able to process high dimensional raw data. <br>Different from the related works, we here introduce a deep graph autoencoder to jointly learn recognition and prediction of manipulation tasks from symbolic scene graphs, instead of relying on the structured Euclidean data. Our network has a variational autoencoder structure with two branches: one for identifying the input graph type and one for predicting the future graphs. The input of the proposed network is a set of semantic graphs which store the spatial relations between subjects and objects in the scene. The network output is a label set representing the detected and predicted class types. We benchmark our new model against different state-of-the-art methods on two different datasets, MANIAC and MSRC-9, and show that our proposed model can achieve better performance. We also release our source code <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/gamzeakyol/GNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 49.Learning Neural Transmittance for Efficient Rendering of Reflectance Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13272.pdf)
>  Recently neural volumetric representations such as neural reflectance fields have been widely applied to faithfully reproduce the appearance of real-world objects and scenes under novel viewpoints and lighting conditions. However, it remains challenging and time-consuming to render such representations under complex lighting such as environment maps, which requires individual ray marching towards each single light to calculate the transmittance at every sampled point. In this paper, we propose a novel method based on precomputed Neural Transmittance Functions to accelerate the rendering of neural reflectance fields. Our neural transmittance functions enable us to efficiently query the transmittance at an arbitrary point in space along an arbitrary ray without tedious ray marching, which effectively reduces the time-complexity of the rendering. We propose a novel formulation for the neural transmittance function, and train it jointly with the neural reflectance fields on images captured under collocated camera and light, while enforcing monotonicity. Results on real and synthetic scenes demonstrate almost two order of magnitude speedup for renderings under environment maps with minimal accuracy loss.      
### 50.Facial Recognition in Collaborative Learning Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13269.pdf)
>  Face recognition in collaborative learning videos presents many challenges. In collaborative learning videos, students sit around a typical table at different positions to the recording camera, come and go, move around, get partially or fully occluded. Furthermore, the videos tend to be very long, requiring the development of fast and accurate methods. We develop a dynamic system of recognizing participants in collaborative learning systems. We address occlusion and recognition failures by using past information about the face detection history. We address the need for detecting faces from different poses and the need for speed by associating each participant with a collection of prototype faces computed through sampling or K-means clustering. Our results show that the proposed system is proven to be very fast and accurate. We also compare our system against a baseline system that uses InsightFace [2] and the original training video segments. We achieved an average accuracy of 86.2% compared to 70.8% for the baseline system. On average, our recognition rate was 28.1 times faster than the baseline system.      
### 51.Image Quality Assessment using Contrastive Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13266.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of obtaining image quality representations in a self-supervised manner. We use prediction of distortion type and degree as an auxiliary task to learn features from an unlabeled image dataset containing a mixture of synthetic and realistic distortions. We then train a deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) using a contrastive pairwise objective to solve the auxiliary problem. We refer to the proposed training framework and resulting deep IQA model as the CONTRastive Image QUality Evaluator (CONTRIQUE). During evaluation, the CNN weights are frozen and a linear regressor maps the learned representations to quality scores in a No-Reference (NR) setting. We show through extensive experiments that CONTRIQUE achieves competitive performance when compared to state-of-the-art NR image quality models, even without any additional fine-tuning of the CNN backbone. The learned representations are highly robust and generalize well across images afflicted by either synthetic or authentic distortions. Our results suggest that powerful quality representations with perceptual relevance can be obtained without requiring large labeled subjective image quality datasets. The implementations used in this paper are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pavancm/CONTRIQUE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 52.Active Learning for Deep Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13259.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been successfully applied to the single target tracking task in recent years. Generally, training a deep CNN model requires numerous labeled training samples, and the number and quality of these samples directly affect the representational capability of the trained model. However, this approach is restrictive in practice, because manually labeling such a large number of training samples is time-consuming and prohibitively expensive. In this paper, we propose an active learning method for deep visual tracking, which selects and annotates the unlabeled samples to train the deep CNNs model. Under the guidance of active learning, the tracker based on the trained deep CNNs model can achieve competitive tracking performance while reducing the labeling cost. More specifically, to ensure the diversity of selected samples, we propose an active learning method based on multi-frame collaboration to select those training samples that should be and need to be annotated. Meanwhile, considering the representativeness of these selected samples, we adopt a nearest neighbor discrimination method based on the average nearest neighbor distance to screen isolated samples and low-quality samples. Therefore, the training samples subset selected based on our method requires only a given budget to maintain the diversity and representativeness of the entire sample set. Furthermore, we adopt a Tversky loss to improve the bounding box estimation of our tracker, which can ensure that the tracker achieves more accurate target states. Extensive experimental results confirm that our active learning-based tracker (ALT) achieves competitive tracking accuracy and speed compared with state-of-the-art trackers on the seven most challenging evaluation benchmarks.      
### 53.Pediatric Otoscopy Video Screening with Shift Contrastive Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13254.pdf)
>  Ear related concerns and symptoms represents the leading indication for seeking pediatric healthcare attention. Despite the high incidence of such encounters, the diagnostic process of commonly encountered disease of the middle and external presents significant challenge. Much of this challenge stems from the lack of cost effective diagnostic testing, which necessitating the presence or absence of ear pathology to be determined clinically. Research has however demonstrated considerable variation among clinicians in their ability to accurately diagnose and consequently manage ear pathology. With recent advances in computer vision and machine learning, there is an increasing interest in helping clinicians to accurately diagnose middle and external ear pathology with computer-aided systems. It has been shown that AI has the capacity to analyse a single clinical image captured during examination of the ear canal and eardrum from which it can determine the likelihood of a pathognomonic pattern for a specific diagnosis being present. The capture of such an image can however be challenging especially to inexperienced clinicians. To help mitigate this technical challenge we have developed and tested a method using video sequences. We present a two stage method that first, identifies valid frames by detecting and extracting ear drum patches from the video sequence, and second, performs the proposed shift contrastive anomaly detection to flag the otoscopy video sequences as normal or abnormal. Our method achieves an AUROC of 88.0% on the patient-level and also outperforms the average of a group of 25 clinicians in a comparative study, which is the largest of such published to date. We conclude that the presented method achieves a promising first step towards automated analysis of otoscopy video.      
### 54.IconQA: A New Benchmark for Abstract Diagram Understanding and Visual Language Reasoning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13214.pdf)
>  Current visual question answering (VQA) tasks mainly consider answering human-annotated questions for natural images. However, aside from natural images, abstract diagrams with semantic richness are still understudied in visual understanding and reasoning research. In this work, we introduce a new challenge of Icon Question Answering (IconQA) with the goal of answering a question in an icon image context. We release IconQA, a large-scale dataset that consists of 107,439 questions and three sub-tasks: multi-image-choice, multi-text-choice, and filling-in-the-blank. The IconQA dataset is inspired by real-world diagram word problems that highlight the importance of abstract diagram understanding and comprehensive cognitive reasoning. Thus, IconQA requires not only perception skills like object recognition and text understanding, but also diverse cognitive reasoning skills, such as geometric reasoning, commonsense reasoning, and arithmetic reasoning. To facilitate potential IconQA models to learn semantic representations for icon images, we further release an icon dataset Icon645 which contains 645,687 colored icons on 377 classes. We conduct extensive user studies and blind experiments and reproduce a wide range of advanced VQA methods to benchmark the IconQA task. Also, we develop a strong IconQA baseline Patch-TRM that applies a pyramid cross-modal Transformer with input diagram embeddings pre-trained on the icon dataset. IconQA and Icon645 are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://iconqa.github.io" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 55.Spectral unmixing of Raman microscopic images of single human cells using Independent Component Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13189.pdf)
>  Application of independent component analysis (ICA) as an unmixing and image clustering technique for high spatial resolution Raman maps is reported. A hyperspectral map of a fixed human cell was collected by a Raman micro spectrometer in a raster pattern on a 0.5um grid. Unlike previously used unsupervised machine learning techniques such as principal component analysis, ICA is based on non-Gaussianity and statistical independence of data which is the case for mixture Raman spectra. Hence, ICA is a great candidate for assembling pseudo-colour maps from the spectral hypercube of Raman spectra. Our experimental results revealed that ICA is capable of reconstructing false colour maps of Raman hyperspectral data of human cells, showing the nuclear region constituents as well as subcellular organelle in the cytoplasm and distribution of mitochondria in the perinuclear region. Minimum preprocessing requirements and label-free nature of the ICA method make it a great unmixed method for extraction of endmembers in Raman hyperspectral maps of living cells.      
### 56.Generalized Multi-Task Learning from Substantially Unlabeled Multi-Source Medical Image Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13185.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based models, when trained in a fully-supervised manner, can be effective in performing complex image analysis tasks, although contingent upon the availability of large labeled datasets. Especially in the medical imaging domain, however, expert image annotation is expensive, time-consuming, and prone to variability. Semi-supervised learning from limited quantities of labeled data has shown promise as an alternative. Maximizing knowledge gains from copious unlabeled data benefits semi-supervised learning models. Moreover, learning multiple tasks within the same model further improves its generalizability. We propose MultiMix, a new multi-task learning model that jointly learns disease classification and anatomical segmentation in a semi-supervised manner, while preserving explainability through a novel saliency bridge between the two tasks. Our experiments with varying quantities of multi-source labeled data in the training sets confirm the effectiveness of MultiMix in the simultaneous classification of pneumonia and segmentation of the lungs in chest X-ray images. Moreover, both in-domain and cross-domain evaluations across these tasks further showcase the potential of our model to adapt to challenging generalization scenarios.      
### 57.As if by magic: self-supervised training of deep despeckling networks with MERLIN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13148.pdf)
>  Speckle fluctuations seriously limit the interpretability of synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images. Speckle reduction has thus been the subject of numerous works spanning at least four decades. Techniques based on deep neural networks have recently achieved a new level of performance in terms of SAR image restoration quality. Beyond the design of suitable network architectures or the selection of adequate loss functions, the construction of training sets is of uttermost importance. So far, most approaches have considered a supervised training strategy: the networks are trained to produce outputs as close as possible to speckle-free reference images. Speckle-free images are generally not available, which requires resorting to natural or optical images or the selection of stable areas in long time series to circumvent the lack of ground truth. Self-supervision, on the other hand, avoids the use of speckle-free images. We introduce a self-supervised strategy based on the separation of the real and imaginary parts of single-look complex SAR images, called MERLIN (coMplex sElf-supeRvised despeckLINg), and show that it offers a straightforward way to train all kinds of deep despeckling networks. Networks trained with MERLIN take into account the spatial correlations due to the SAR transfer function specific to a given sensor and imaging mode. By requiring only a single image, and possibly exploiting large archives, MERLIN opens the door to hassle-free as well as large-scale training of despeckling networks. The code of the trained models is made freely available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gitlab.telecom-paris.fr/RING/MERLIN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 58.FL-WBC: Enhancing Robustness against Model Poisoning Attacks in Federated Learning from a Client Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13864.pdf)
>  Federated learning (FL) is a popular distributed learning framework that trains a global model through iterative communications between a central server and edge devices. Recent works have demonstrated that FL is vulnerable to model poisoning attacks. Several server-based defense approaches (e.g. robust aggregation), have been proposed to mitigate such attacks. However, we empirically show that under extremely strong attacks, these defensive methods fail to guarantee the robustness of FL. More importantly, we observe that as long as the global model is polluted, the impact of attacks on the global model will remain in subsequent rounds even if there are no subsequent attacks. In this work, we propose a client-based defense, named White Blood Cell for Federated Learning (FL-WBC), which can mitigate model poisoning attacks that have already polluted the global model. The key idea of FL-WBC is to identify the parameter space where long-lasting attack effect on parameters resides and perturb that space during local training. Furthermore, we derive a certified robustness guarantee against model poisoning attacks and a convergence guarantee to FedAvg after applying our FL-WBC. We conduct experiments on FasionMNIST and CIFAR10 to evaluate the defense against state-of-the-art model poisoning attacks. The results demonstrate that our method can effectively mitigate model poisoning attack impact on the global model within 5 communication rounds with nearly no accuracy drop under both IID and Non-IID settings. Our defense is also complementary to existing server-based robust aggregation approaches and can further improve the robustness of FL under extremely strong attacks.      
### 59.Defensive Tensorization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13859.pdf)
>  We propose defensive tensorization, an adversarial defence technique that leverages a latent high-order factorization of the network. The layers of a network are first expressed as factorized tensor layers. Tensor dropout is then applied in the latent subspace, therefore resulting in dense reconstructed weights, without the sparsity or perturbations typically induced by the randomization.Our approach can be readily integrated with any arbitrary neural architecture and combined with techniques like adversarial training. We empirically demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on standard image classification benchmarks. We validate the versatility of our approach across domains and low-precision architectures by considering an audio classification task and binary networks. In all cases, we demonstrate improved performance compared to prior works.      
### 60.Real-time division-of-focal-plane polarization imaging system with progressive networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13823.pdf)
>  Division-of-focal-plane (DoFP) polarization imaging technical recently has been applied in many fields. However, the images captured by such sensors cannot be used directly because they suffer from instantaneous field-of-view errors and low resolution problem. This paper builds a fast DoFP demosaicing system with proposed progressive polarization demosaicing convolutional neural network (PPDN), which is specifically designed for edge-side GPU devices like Navidia Jetson TX2. The proposed network consists of two parts: reconstruction stage and refining stage. The former recovers four polarization channels from a single DoFP image. The latter fine-tune the four channels to obtain more accurate polarization information. PPDN can be implemented in another version: PPDN-L (large), for the platforms of high computing resources. Experiments show that PPDN can compete with the best existing methods with fewer parameters and faster inference speed and meet the real-time demands of imaging system.      
### 61.DPCOVID: Privacy-Preserving Federated Covid-19 Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13760.pdf)
>  Coronavirus (COVID-19) has shown an unprecedented global crisis by the detrimental effect on the global economy and health. The number of COVID-19 cases has been rapidly increasing, and there is no sign of stopping. It leads to a severe shortage of test kits and accurate detection models. A recent study demonstrated that the chest X-ray radiography outperformed laboratory testing in COVID-19 detection. Therefore, using chest X-ray radiography analysis can help to screen suspected COVID-19 cases at an early stage. Moreover, the patient data is sensitive, and it must be protected to avoid revealing through model updates and reconstruction from the malicious attacker. In this paper, we present a privacy-preserving Federated Learning system for COVID-19 detection based on chest X-ray images. First, a Federated Learning system is constructed from chest X-ray images. The main idea is to build a decentralized model across multiple hospitals without sharing data among hospitals. Second, we first show that the accuracy of Federated Learning for COVID-19 identification reduces significantly for Non-IID data. We then propose a strategy to improve model's accuracy on Non-IID COVID-19 data by increasing the total number of clients, parallelism (client fraction), and computation per client. Finally, we apply a Differential Privacy Stochastic Gradient Descent (DP-SGD) to enhance the preserving of patient data privacy for our Federated Learning model. A strategy is also proposed to keep the robustness of Federated Learning to ensure the security and accuracy of the model.      
### 62.Deep DIC: Deep Learning-Based Digital Image Correlation for End-to-End Displacement and Strain Measurement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13720.pdf)
>  Digital image correlation (DIC) has become an industry standard to retrieve accurate displacement and strain measurement in tensile testing and other material characterization. Though traditional DIC offers a high precision estimation of deformation for general tensile testing cases, the prediction becomes unstable at large deformation or when the speckle patterns start to tear. In addition, traditional DIC requires a long computation time and often produces a low spatial resolution output affected by filtering and speckle pattern quality. To address these challenges, we propose a new deep learning-based DIC approach -- Deep DIC, in which two convolutional neural networks, DisplacementNet and StrainNet, are designed to work together for end-to-end prediction of displacements and strains. DisplacementNet predicts the displacement field and adaptively tracks the change of a region of interest. StrainNet predicts the strain field directly from the image input without relying on the displacement prediction, which significantly improves the strain prediction accuracy. A new dataset generation method is proposed to synthesize a realistic and comprehensive dataset including artificial speckle patterns, randomly generated displacement and strain fields, and deformed images based on the given deformation. Proposed Deep DIC is trained purely on a synthetic dataset, but designed to perform both on simulated and experimental data. Its performance is systematically evaluated and compared with commercial DIC software. Deep DIC gives highly consistent and comparable predictions of displacement and strain with those obtained from commercial DIC software, while it outperforms commercial software with very robust strain prediction even with large and localized deformation and varied pattern qualities.      
### 63.A Closer Look at Reference Learning for Fourier Phase Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13688.pdf)
>  Reconstructing images from their Fourier magnitude measurements is a problem that often arises in different research areas. This process is also referred to as phase retrieval. In this work, we consider a modified version of the phase retrieval problem, which allows for a reference image to be added onto the image before the Fourier magnitudes are measured. We analyze an unrolled Gerchberg-Saxton (GS) algorithm that can be used to learn a good reference image from a dataset. Furthermore, we take a closer look at the learned reference images and propose a simple and efficient heuristic to construct reference images that, in some cases, yields reconstructions of comparable quality as approaches that learn references. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tuelwer/reference-learning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 64.W-Net: A Two-Stage Convolutional Network for Nucleus Detection in Histopathology Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13670.pdf)
>  Pathological diagnosis is the gold standard for cancer diagnosis, but it is labor-intensive, in which tasks such as cell detection, classification, and counting are particularly prominent. A common solution for automating these tasks is using nucleus segmentation technology. However, it is hard to train a robust nucleus segmentation model, due to several challenging problems, the nucleus adhesion, stacking, and excessive fusion with the background. Recently, some researchers proposed a series of automatic nucleus segmentation methods based on point annotation, which can significant improve the model performance. Nevertheless, the point annotation needs to be marked by experienced pathologists. In order to take advantage of segmentation methods based on point annotation, further alleviate the manual workload, and make cancer diagnosis more efficient and accurate, it is necessary to develop an automatic nucleus detection algorithm, which can automatically and efficiently locate the position of the nucleus in the pathological image and extract valuable information for pathologists. In this paper, we propose a W-shaped network for automatic nucleus detection. Different from the traditional U-Net based method, mapping the original pathology image to the target mask directly, our proposed method split the detection task into two sub-tasks. The first sub-task maps the original pathology image to the binary mask, then the binary mask is mapped to the density mask in the second sub-task. After the task is split, the task's difficulty is significantly reduced, and the network's overall performance is improved.      
### 65.A Precision Diagnostic Framework of Renal Cell Carcinoma on Whole-Slide Images using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13652.pdf)
>  Diagnostic pathology, which is the basis and gold standard of cancer diagnosis, provides essential information on the prognosis of the disease and vital evidence for clinical treatment. Tumor region detection, subtype and grade classification are the fundamental diagnostic indicators for renal cell carcinoma (RCC) in whole-slide images (WSIs). However, pathological diagnosis is subjective, differences in observation and diagnosis between pathologists is common in hospitals with inadequate diagnostic capacity. The main challenge for developing deep learning based RCC diagnostic system is the lack of large-scale datasets with precise annotations. In this work, we proposed a deep learning-based framework for analyzing histopathological images of patients with renal cell carcinoma, which has the potential to achieve pathologist-level accuracy in diagnosis. A deep convolutional neural network (InceptionV3) was trained on the high-quality annotated dataset of The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) whole-slide histopathological image for accurate tumor area detection, classification of RCC subtypes, and ISUP grades classification of clear cell carcinoma subtypes. These results suggest that our framework can help pathologists in the detection of cancer region and classification of subtypes and grades, which could be applied to any cancer type, providing auxiliary diagnosis and promoting clinical consensus.      
### 66.Bayesian Optimization and Deep Learning forsteering wheel angle prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13629.pdf)
>  Automated driving systems (ADS) have undergone a significant improvement in the last years. ADS and more precisely self-driving cars technologies will change the way we perceive and know the world of transportation systems in terms of user experience, mode choices and business models. The emerging field of Deep Learning (DL) has been successfully applied for the development of innovative ADS solutions. However, the attempt to single out the best deep neural network architecture and tuning its hyperparameters are all expensive processes, both in terms of time and computational resources. In this work, Bayesian Optimization (BO) is used to optimize the hyperparameters of a Spatiotemporal-Long Short Term Memory (ST-LSTM) network with the aim to obtain an accurate model for the prediction of the steering angle in a ADS. BO was able to identify, within a limited number of trials, a model -- namely BOST-LSTM -- which resulted, on a public dataset, the most accurate when compared to classical end-to-end driving models.      
### 67.Dendritic Self-Organizing Maps for Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13611.pdf)
>  Current deep learning architectures show remarkable performance when trained in large-scale, controlled datasets. However, the predictive ability of these architectures significantly decreases when learning new classes incrementally. This is due to their inclination to forget the knowledge acquired from previously seen data, a phenomenon termed catastrophic-forgetting. On the other hand, Self-Organizing Maps (SOMs) can model the input space utilizing constrained k-means and thus maintain past knowledge. Here, we propose a novel algorithm inspired by biological neurons, termed Dendritic-Self-Organizing Map (DendSOM). DendSOM consists of a single layer of SOMs, which extract patterns from specific regions of the input space accompanied by a set of hit matrices, one per SOM, which estimate the association between units and labels. The best-matching unit of an input pattern is selected using the maximum cosine similarity rule, while the point-wise mutual information is employed for class inference. DendSOM performs unsupervised feature extraction as it does not use labels for targeted updating of the weights. It outperforms classical SOMs and several state-of-the-art continual learning algorithms on benchmark datasets, such as the Split-MNIST and Split-CIFAR-10. We propose that the incorporation of neuronal properties in SOMs may help remedy catastrophic forgetting.      
### 68.Deep Learning-based Segmentation of Cerebral Aneurysms in 3D TOF-MRA using Coarse-to-Fine Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13432.pdf)
>  BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Cerebral aneurysm is one of the most common cerebrovascular diseases, and SAH caused by its rupture has a very high mortality and disability rate. Existing automatic segmentation methods based on DLMs with TOF-MRA modality could not segment edge voxels very well, so that our goal is to realize more accurate segmentation of cerebral aneurysms in 3D TOF-MRA with the help of DLMs. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this research, we proposed an automatic segmentation framework of cerebral aneurysm in 3D TOF-MRA. The framework was composed of two segmentation networks ranging from coarse to fine. The coarse segmentation network, namely DeepMedic, completed the coarse segmentation of cerebral aneurysms, and the processed results were fed into the fine segmentation network, namely dual-channel SE_3D U-Net trained with weighted loss function, for fine segmentation. Images from ADAM2020 (n=113) were used for training and validation and images from another center (n=45) were used for testing. The segmentation metrics we used include DSC, HD, and VS. RESULTS: The trained cerebral aneurysm segmentation model achieved DSC of 0.75, HD of 1.52, and VS of 0.91 on validation cohort. On the totally independent test cohort, our method achieved the highest DSC of 0.12, the lowest HD of 11.61, and the highest VS of 0.16 in comparison with state-of-the-art segmentation networks. CONCLUSIONS: The coarse-to-fine framework, which composed of DeepMedic and dual-channel SE_3D U-Net can segment cerebral aneurysms in 3D TOF-MRA with a superior accuracy.      
### 69.Image Magnification Network for Vessel Segmentation in OCTA Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13428.pdf)
>  Optical coherence tomography angiography (OCTA) is a novel non-invasive imaging modality that allows micron-level resolution to visualize the retinal microvasculature. The retinal vessel segmentation in OCTA images is still an open problem, and especially the thin and dense structure of the capillary plexus is an important challenge of this problem. In this work, we propose a novel image magnification network (IMN) for vessel segmentation in OCTA images. Contrary to the U-Net structure with a down-sampling encoder and up-sampling decoder, the proposed IMN adopts the design of up-sampling encoding and then down-sampling decoding. This design is to capture more image details and reduce the omission of thin-and-small structures. The experimental results on three open OCTA datasets show that the proposed IMN with an average dice score of 90.2% achieves the best performance in vessel segmentation of OCTA images. Besides, we also demonstrate the superior performance of IMN in cross-field image vessel segmentation and vessel skeleton extraction.      
### 70.An Automatic Detection Method Of Cerebral Aneurysms In Time-Of-Flight Magnetic Resonance Angiography Images Based On Attention 3D U-Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13367.pdf)
>  Background:Subarachnoid hemorrhage caused by ruptured cerebral aneurysm often leads to fatal consequences.However,if the aneurysm can be found and treated during asymptomatic periods,the probability of rupture can be greatly <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://reduced.At" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> present,time-of-flight magnetic resonance angiography is one of the most commonly used non-invasive screening techniques for cerebral aneurysm,and the application of deep learning technology in aneurysm detection can effectively improve the screening effect of aneurysm.Existing studies have found that three-dimensional features play an important role in aneurysm detection,but they require a large amount of training data and have problems such as a high false positive rate. Methods:This paper proposed a novel method for aneurysm detection.First,a fully automatic cerebral artery segmentation algorithm without training data was used to extract the volume of interest,and then the 3D U-Net was improved by the 3D SENet module to establish an aneurysm detection model.Eventually a set of fully automated,end-to-end aneurysm detection methods have been formed. Results:A total of 231 magnetic resonance angiography image data were used in this study,among which 132 were training sets,34 were internal test sets and 65 were external test sets.The presented method obtained 97.89% sensitivity in the five-fold cross-validation and obtained 91.0% sensitivity with 2.48 false positives/case in the detection of the external test sets. Conclusions:Compared with the results of our previous studies and other studies,the method in this paper achieves a very competitive sensitivity with less training data and maintains a low false positive <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://rate.As" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> the only method currently using 3D U-Net for aneurysm detection,it proves the feasibility and superior performance of this network in aneurysm detection,and also explores the potential of the channel attention mechanism in this task.      
### 71.Identifying and Benchmarking Natural Out-of-Context Prediction Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13223.pdf)
>  Deep learning systems frequently fail at out-of-context (OOC) prediction, the problem of making reliable predictions on uncommon or unusual inputs or subgroups of the training distribution. To this end, a number of benchmarks for measuring OOC performance have recently been introduced. In this work, we introduce a framework unifying the literature on OOC performance measurement, and demonstrate how rich auxiliary information can be leveraged to identify candidate sets of OOC examples in existing datasets. We present NOOCh: a suite of naturally-occurring "challenge sets", and show how varying notions of context can be used to probe specific OOC failure modes. Experimentally, we explore the tradeoffs between various learning approaches on these challenge sets and demonstrate how the choices made in designing OOC benchmarks can yield varying conclusions.      
### 72.RBSRICNN: Raw Burst Super-Resolution through Iterative Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13217.pdf)
>  Modern digital cameras and smartphones mostly rely on image signal processing (ISP) pipelines to produce realistic colored RGB images. However, compared to DSLR cameras, low-quality images are usually obtained in many portable mobile devices with compact camera sensors due to their physical limitations. The low-quality images have multiple degradations i.e., sub-pixel shift due to camera motion, mosaick patterns due to camera color filter array, low-resolution due to smaller camera sensors, and the rest information are corrupted by the noise. Such degradations limit the performance of current Single Image Super-resolution (SISR) methods in recovering high-resolution (HR) image details from a single low-resolution (LR) image. In this work, we propose a Raw Burst Super-Resolution Iterative Convolutional Neural Network (RBSRICNN) that follows the burst photography pipeline as a whole by a forward (physical) model. The proposed Burst SR scheme solves the problem with classical image regularization, convex optimization, and deep learning techniques, compared to existing black-box data-driven methods. The proposed network produces the final output by an iterative refinement of the intermediate SR estimates. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach in quantitative and qualitative experiments that generalize robustly to real LR burst inputs with onl synthetic burst data available for training.      
### 73.Multi-Task Meta-Learning Modification with Stochastic Approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13188.pdf)
>  Meta-learning methods aim to build learning algorithms capable of quickly adapting to new tasks in low-data regime. One of the main benchmarks of such an algorithms is a few-shot learning problem. In this paper we investigate the modification of standard meta-learning pipeline that takes a multi-task approach during training. The proposed method simultaneously utilizes information from several meta-training tasks in a common loss function. The impact of each of these tasks in the loss function is controlled by the corresponding weight. Proper optimization of these weights can have a big influence on training of the entire model and might improve the quality on test time tasks. In this work we propose and investigate the use of methods from the family of simultaneous perturbation stochastic approximation (SPSA) approaches for meta-train tasks weights optimization. We have also compared the proposed algorithms with gradient-based methods and found that stochastic approximation demonstrates the largest quality boost in test time. Proposed multi-task modification can be applied to almost all methods that use meta-learning pipeline. In this paper we study applications of this modification on Prototypical Networks and Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning algorithms on CIFAR-FS, FC100, tieredImageNet and miniImageNet few-shot learning benchmarks. During these experiments, multi-task modification has demonstrated improvement over original methods. The proposed SPSA-Tracking algorithm shows the largest accuracy boost. Our code is available online.      
### 74.Self-supervised similarity search for large scientific datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13151.pdf)
>  We present the use of self-supervised learning to explore and exploit large unlabeled datasets. Focusing on 42 million galaxy images from the latest data release of the Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument (DESI) Legacy Imaging Surveys, we first train a self-supervised model to distil low-dimensional representations that are robust to symmetries, uncertainties, and noise in each image. We then use the representations to construct and publicly release an interactive semantic similarity search tool. We demonstrate how our tool can be used to rapidly discover rare objects given only a single example, increase the speed of crowd-sourcing campaigns, and construct and improve training sets for supervised applications. While we focus on images from sky surveys, the technique is straightforward to apply to any scientific dataset of any dimensionality. The similarity search web app can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/georgestein/galaxy_search" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 75.An Embedded System for Image-based Crack Detection by using Fine-Tuning model of Adaptive Structural Learning of Deep Belief Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13145.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been a successful model which can effectively represent several features of input space and remarkably improve image recognition performance on the deep architectures. In our research, an adaptive structural learning method of Restricted Boltzmann Machine (Adaptive RBM) and Deep Belief Network (Adaptive DBN) have been developed as a deep learning model. The models have a self-organize function which can discover an optimal number of hidden neurons for given input data in a RBM by neuron generation-annihilation algorithm, and can obtain an appropriate number of RBM as hidden layers in the trained DBN. The proposed method was applied to a concrete image benchmark data set SDNET 2018 for crack detection. The dataset contains about 56,000 crack images for three types of concrete structures: bridge decks, walls, and paved roads. The fine-tuning method of the Adaptive DBN can show 99.7%, 99.7%, and 99.4% classification accuracy for test dataset of three types of structures. In this paper, our developed Adaptive DBN was embedded to a tiny PC with GPU for real-time inference on a drone. For fast inference, the fine tuning algorithm also removed some inactivated hidden neurons to make a small model and then the model was able to improve not only classification accuracy but also inference speed simultaneously. The inference speed and running time of portable battery charger were evaluated on three kinds of Nvidia embedded systems; Jetson Nano, AGX Xavier, and Xavier NX.      
### 76.Light-Field Microscopy for optical imaging of neuronal activity: when model-based methods meet data-driven approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.13142.pdf)
>  Understanding how networks of neurons process information is one of the key challenges in modern neuroscience. A necessary step to achieve this goal is to be able to observe the dynamics of large populations of neurons over a large area of the brain. Light-field microscopy (LFM), a type of scanless microscope, is a particularly attractive candidate for high-speed three-dimensional (3D) imaging. It captures volumetric information in a single snapshot, allowing volumetric imaging at video frame-rates. Specific features of imaging neuronal activity using LFM call for the development of novel machine learning approaches that fully exploit priors embedded in physics and optics models. Signal processing theory and wave-optics theory could play a key role in filling this gap, and contribute to novel computational methods with enhanced interpretability and generalization by integrating model-driven and data-driven approaches. This paper is devoted to a comprehensive survey to state-of-the-art of computational methods for LFM, with a focus on model-based and data-driven approaches.      
