# ArXiv cs.CV --Tue, 5 Oct 2021
### 1.CertainNet: Sampling-free Uncertainty Estimation for Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01604.pdf)
>  Estimating the uncertainty of a neural network plays a fundamental role in safety-critical settings. In perception for autonomous driving, measuring the uncertainty means providing additional calibrated information to downstream tasks, such as path planning, that can use it towards safe navigation. In this work, we propose a novel sampling-free uncertainty estimation method for object detection. We call it CertainNet, and it is the first to provide separate uncertainties for each output signal: objectness, class, location and size. To achieve this, we propose an uncertainty-aware heatmap, and exploit the neighboring bounding boxes provided by the detector at inference time. We evaluate the detection performance and the quality of the different uncertainty estimates separately, also with challenging out-of-domain samples: BDD100K and nuImages with models trained on KITTI. Additionally, we propose a new metric to evaluate location and size uncertainties. When transferring to unseen datasets, CertainNet generalizes substantially better than previous methods and an ensemble, while being real-time and providing high quality and comprehensive uncertainty estimates.      
### 2.Effectiveness of Optimization Algorithms in Deep Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01598.pdf)
>  Adam is applied widely to train neural networks. Different kinds of Adam methods with different features pop out. Recently two new adam optimizers, AdaBelief and Padam are introduced among the community. We analyze these two adam optimizers and compare them with other conventional optimizers (Adam, SGD + Momentum) in the scenario of image classification. We evaluate the performance of these optimization algorithms on AlexNet and simplified versions of VGGNet, ResNet using the EMNIST dataset. (Benchmark algorithm is available at \hyperref[<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chuiyunjun/projectCSC413" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>]{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/chuiyunjun/projectCSC413" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}).      
### 3.Fast Scalable Image Restoration using Total Variation Priors and Expectation Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01585.pdf)
>  This paper presents a scalable approximate Bayesian method for image restoration using total variation (TV) priors. In contrast to most optimization methods based on maximum a posteriori estimation, we use the expectation propagation (EP) framework to approximate minimum mean squared error (MMSE) estimators and marginal (pixel-wise) variances, without resorting to Monte Carlo sampling. For the classical anisotropic TV-based prior, we also propose an iterative scheme to automatically adjust the regularization parameter via expectation-maximization (EM). Using Gaussian approximating densities with diagonal covariance matrices, the resulting method allows highly parallelizable steps and can scale to large images for denoising, deconvolution and compressive sensing (CS) problems. The simulation results illustrate that such EP methods can provide a posteriori estimates on par with those obtained via sampling methods but at a fraction of the computational cost. Moreover, EP does not exhibit strong underestimation of posteriori variances, in contrast to variational Bayes alternatives.      
### 4.Inductive Biased Estimation: Learning Generalizations for Identity Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01571.pdf)
>  Identity transfer often faces the challenge of generalizing to new situations where large pose and expression or background gaps exist between source and target face images. To improve generalization in such situations, biases take a key role~\cite{mitchell_1980_bias}. This paper proposes an Errors-in-Variables Adapter (EVA) model to induce learning of proper generalizations by explicitly employing biases to identity estimation based on prior knowledge about the target situation. To better match the source face with the target situation in terms of pose, expression, and background factors, we model the bias as a causal effect of the target situation on source identity and estimate this effect through a controlled intervention trial. To achieve smoother transfer for the target face across the identity gap, we eliminate the target face specificity through multiple kernel regressions. The kernels are used to constrain the regressions to operate only on identity information in the internal representations of the target image, while leaving other perceptual information invariant. Combining these post-regression representations with the biased estimation for identity, EVA shows impressive performance even in the presence of large gaps, providing empirical evidence supporting the utility of the inductive biases in identity estimation.      
### 5.Balanced Masked and Standard Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01521.pdf)
>  We present the improved network architecture, data augmentation, and training strategies for the Webface track and Insightface/Glint360K track of the masked face recognition challenge of ICCV2021. One of the key goals is to have a balanced performance of masked and standard face recognition. In order to prevent the overfitting for the masked face recognition, we control the total number of masked faces by not more than 10\% of the total face recognition in the training dataset. We propose a few key changes to the face recognition network including a new stem unit, drop block, face detection and alignment using YOLO5Face, feature concatenation, a cycle cosine learning rate, etc. With this strategy, we achieve good and balanced performance for both masked and standard face recognition.      
### 6.Weak-shot Semantic Segmentation by Transferring Semantic Affinity and Boundary  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01519.pdf)
>  Weakly-supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) with image-level labels has been widely studied to relieve the annotation burden of the traditional segmentation task. In this paper, we show that existing fully-annotated base categories can help segment objects of novel categories with only image-level labels, even if base and novel categories have no overlap. We refer to this task as weak-shot semantic segmentation, which could also be treated as WSSS with auxiliary fully-annotated categories. Recent advanced WSSS methods usually obtain class activation maps (CAMs) and refine them by affinity propagation. Based on the observation that semantic affinity and boundary are class-agnostic, we propose a method under the WSSS framework to transfer semantic affinity and boundary from base categories to novel ones. As a result, we find that pixel-level annotation of base categories can facilitate affinity learning and propagation, leading to higher-quality CAMs of novel categories. Extensive experiments on PASCAL VOC 2012 dataset demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms WSSS baselines on novel categories.      
### 7.Learning Online Visual Invariances for Novel Objects via Super-vised and Self-Supervised Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01476.pdf)
>  Humans can identify objects following various spatial transformations such as scale and viewpoint. This extends to novel objects, after a single presentation at a single pose, sometimes referred to as online invariance. CNNs have been proposed as a compelling model of human vision, but their ability to identify objects across transformations is typically tested on held-out samples of trained categories after extensive data augmentation. This paper assesses whether standard CNNs can support human-like online invariance by training models to recognize images of synthetic 3D objects that undergo several transformations: rotation, scaling, translation, brightness, contrast, and viewpoint. Through the analysis of models' internal representations, we show that standard supervised CNNs trained on transformed objects can acquire strong invariances on novel classes even when trained with as few as 50 objects taken from 10 classes. This extended to a different dataset of photographs of real objects. We also show that these invariances can be acquired in a self-supervised way, through solving the same/different task. We suggest that this latter approach may be similar to how humans acquire invariances.      
### 8.A new weakly supervised approach for ALS point cloud semantic segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01462.pdf)
>  While there are novel point cloud semantic segmentation schemes that continuously surpass state-of-the-art results, the success of learning an effective model usually rely on the availability of abundant labeled data. However, data annotation is a time-consuming and labor-intensive task, particularly for large-scale airborne laser scanning (ALS) point clouds involving multiple classes in urban areas. Thus, how to attain promising results while largely reducing labeling works become an essential issue. In this study, we propose a deep-learning based weakly supervised framework for semantic segmentation of ALS point clouds, exploiting potential information from unlabeled data subject to incomplete and sparse labels. Entropy regularization is introduced to penalize the class overlap in predictive probability. Additionally, a consistency constraint by minimizing difference between current and ensemble predictions is designed to improve the robustness of predictions. Finally, we propose an online soft pseudo-labeling strategy to create extra supervisory sources in an efficient and nonpaprametric way. Extensive experimental analysis using three benchmark datasets demonstrates that in case of sparse point annotations, our proposed method significantly boosts the classification performance without compromising the computational efficiency. It outperforms current weakly supervised methods and achieves a comparable result against full supervision competitors. For the ISPRS 3D Labeling Vaihingen data, by using only 0.1% of labels, our method achieves an overall accuracy of 83.0% and an average F1 score of 70.0%, which have increased by 6.9% and 12.8% respectively, compared to model trained by sparse label information only.      
### 9.Seeking Similarities over Differences: Similarity-based Domain Alignment for Adaptive Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01428.pdf)
>  In order to robustly deploy object detectors across a wide range of scenarios, they should be adaptable to shifts in the input distribution without the need to constantly annotate new data. This has motivated research in Unsupervised Domain Adaptation (UDA) algorithms for detection. UDA methods learn to adapt from labeled source domains to unlabeled target domains, by inducing alignment between detector features from source and target domains. Yet, there is no consensus on what features to align and how to do the alignment. In our work, we propose a framework that generalizes the different components commonly used by UDA methods laying the ground for an in-depth analysis of the UDA design space. Specifically, we propose a novel UDA algorithm, ViSGA, a direct implementation of our framework, that leverages the best design choices and introduces a simple but effective method to aggregate features at instance-level based on visual similarity before inducing group alignment via adversarial training. We show that both similarity-based grouping and adversarial training allows our model to focus on coarsely aligning feature groups, without being forced to match all instances across loosely aligned domains. Finally, we examine the applicability of ViSGA to the setting where labeled data are gathered from different sources. Experiments show that not only our method outperforms previous single-source approaches on Sim2Real and Adverse Weather, but also generalizes well to the multi-source setting.      
### 10.3d sequential image mosaicing for underwater navigation and mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01382.pdf)
>  Although fully autonomous mapping methods are becoming more and more common and reliable, still the human operator is regularly employed in many 3D surveying missions. In a number of underwater applications, divers or pilots of remotely operated vehicles (ROVs) are still considered irreplaceable, and tools for real-time visualization of the mapped scene are essential to support and maximize the navigation and surveying efforts. For underwater exploration, image mosaicing has proved to be a valid and effective approach to visualize large mapped areas, often employed in conjunction with autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs) and ROVs. In this work, we propose the use of a modified image mosaicing algorithm that coupled with image-based real-time navigation and mapping algorithms provides two visual navigation aids. The first is a classic image mosaic, where the recorded and processed images are incrementally added, named 2D sequential image mosaicing (2DSIM). The second one geometrically transform the images so that they are projected as planar point clouds in the 3D space providing an incremental point cloud mosaicing, named 3D sequential image plane projection (3DSIP). In the paper, the implemented procedure is detailed, and experiments in different underwater scenarios presented and discussed. Technical considerations about computational efforts, frame rate capabilities and scalability to different and more compact architectures (i.e. embedded systems) is also provided.      
### 11.Context-Aware Unsupervised Clustering for Person Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01341.pdf)
>  The existing person search methods use the annotated labels of person identities to train deep networks in a supervised manner that requires a huge amount of time and effort for human labeling. In this paper, we first introduce a novel framework of person search that is able to train the network in the absence of the person identity labels, and propose efficient unsupervised clustering methods to substitute the supervision process using annotated person identity labels. Specifically, we propose a hard negative mining scheme based on the uniqueness property that only a single person has the same identity to a given query person in each image. We also propose a hard positive mining scheme by using the contextual information of co-appearance that neighboring persons in one image tend to appear simultaneously in other images. The experimental results show that the proposed method achieves comparable performance to that of the state-of-the-art supervised person search methods, and furthermore outperforms the extended unsupervised person re-identification methods on the benchmark person search datasets.      
### 12.InfiniteForm: A synthetic, minimal bias dataset for fitness applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01330.pdf)
>  The growing popularity of remote fitness has increased the demand for highly accurate computer vision models that track human poses. However, the best methods still fail in many real-world fitness scenarios, suggesting that there is a domain gap between current datasets and real-world fitness data. To enable the field to address fitness-specific vision problems, we created InfiniteForm, an open-source synthetic dataset of 60k images with diverse fitness poses (15 categories), both single- and multi-person scenes, and realistic variation in lighting, camera angles, and occlusions. As a synthetic dataset, InfiniteForm offers minimal bias in body shape and skin tone, and provides pixel-perfect labels for standard annotations like 2D keypoints, as well as those that are difficult or impossible for humans to produce like depth and occlusion. In addition, we introduce a novel generative procedure for creating diverse synthetic poses from predefined exercise categories. This generative process can be extended to any application where pose diversity is needed to train robust computer vision models.      
### 13.Automated Aerial Animal Detection When Spatial Resolution Conditions Are Varied  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01329.pdf)
>  Knowing where livestock are located enables optimized management and mustering. However, Australian farms are large meaning that many of Australia's livestock are unmonitored which impacts farm profit, animal welfare and the environment. Effective animal localisation and counting by analysing satellite imagery overcomes this management hurdle however, high resolution satellite imagery is expensive. Thus, to minimise cost the lowest spatial resolution data that enables accurate livestock detection should be selected. In our work, we determine the association between object detector performance and spatial degradation for cattle, sheep and dogs. Accurate ground truth was established using high resolution drone images which were then downsampled to various ground sample distances (GSDs). Both circular and cassegrain aperture optics were simulated to generate point spread functions (PSFs) corresponding to various optical qualities. By simulating the PSF, rather than approximating it as a Gaussian, the images were accurately degraded to match the spatial resolution and blurring structure of satellite imagery. <br>Two existing datasets were combined and used to train and test a YoloV5 object detection network. Detector performance was found to drop steeply around a GSD of 0.5m/px and was associated with PSF matrix structure within this GSD region. Detector mAP performance fell by 52 percent when a cassegrain, rather than circular, aperture was used at a 0.5m/px GSD. Overall blurring magnitude also had a small impact when matched to GSD, as did the internal network resolution. Our results here inform the selection of remote sensing data requirements for animal detection tasks, allowing farmers and ecologists to use more accessible medium resolution imagery with confidence.      
### 14.PCAM: Product of Cross-Attention Matrices for Rigid Registration of Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01269.pdf)
>  Rigid registration of point clouds with partial overlaps is a longstanding problem usually solved in two steps: (a) finding correspondences between the point clouds; (b) filtering these correspondences to keep only the most reliable ones to estimate the transformation. Recently, several deep nets have been proposed to solve these steps jointly. We built upon these works and propose PCAM: a neural network whose key element is a pointwise product of cross-attention matrices that permits to mix both low-level geometric and high-level contextual information to find point correspondences. These cross-attention matrices also permits the exchange of context information between the point clouds, at each layer, allowing the network construct better matching features within the overlapping regions. The experiments show that PCAM achieves state-of-the-art results among methods which, like us, solve steps (a) and (b) jointly via deepnets. Our code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/valeoai/PCAM" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.GenCo: Generative Co-training on Data-Limited Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01254.pdf)
>  Training effective Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) requires large amounts of training data, without which the trained models are usually sub-optimal with discriminator over-fitting. Several prior studies address this issue by expanding the distribution of the limited training data via massive and hand-crafted data augmentation. We handle data-limited image generation from a very different perspective. Specifically, we design GenCo, a Generative Co-training network that mitigates the discriminator over-fitting issue by introducing multiple complementary discriminators that provide diverse supervision from multiple distinctive views in training. We instantiate the idea of GenCo in two ways. The first way is Weight-Discrepancy Co-training (WeCo) which co-trains multiple distinctive discriminators by diversifying their parameters. The second way is Data-Discrepancy Co-training (DaCo) which achieves co-training by feeding discriminators with different views of the input images (e.g., different frequency components of the input images). Extensive experiments over multiple benchmarks show that GenCo achieves superior generation with limited training data. In addition, GenCo also complements the augmentation approach with consistent and clear performance gains when combined.      
### 16.Spatial Ensemble: a Novel Model Smoothing Mechanism for Student-Teacher Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01253.pdf)
>  Model smoothing is of central importance for obtaining a reliable teacher model in the student-teacher framework, where the teacher generates surrogate supervision signals to train the student. A popular model smoothing method is the Temporal Moving Average (TMA), which continuously averages the teacher parameters with the up-to-date student parameters. In this paper, we propose "Spatial Ensemble", a novel model smoothing mechanism in parallel with TMA. Spatial Ensemble randomly picks up a small fragment of the student model to directly replace the corresponding fragment of the teacher model. Consequentially, it stitches different fragments of historical student models into a unity, yielding the "Spatial Ensemble" effect. Spatial Ensemble obtains comparable student-teacher learning performance by itself and demonstrates valuable complementarity with temporal moving average. Their integration, named Spatial-Temporal Smoothing, brings general (sometimes significant) improvement to the student-teacher learning framework on a variety of state-of-the-art methods. For example, based on the self-supervised method BYOL, it yields +0.9% top-1 accuracy improvement on ImageNet, while based on the semi-supervised approach FixMatch, it increases the top-1 accuracy by around +6% on CIFAR-10 when only few training labels are available. Codes and models are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tengteng95/Spatial_Ensemble" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.A free lunch from ViT: Adaptive Attention Multi-scale Fusion Transformer for Fine-grained Visual Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01240.pdf)
>  Learning subtle representation about object parts plays a vital role in fine-grained visual recognition (FGVR) field. The vision transformer (ViT) achieves promising results on computer vision due to its attention mechanism. Nonetheless, with the fixed size of patches in ViT, the class token in deep layer focuses on the global receptive field and cannot generate multi-granularity features for FGVR. To capture region attention without box annotations and compensate for ViT shortcomings in FGVR, we propose a novel method named Adaptive attention multi-scale Fusion Transformer (AFTrans). The Selective Attention Collection Module (SACM) in our approach leverages attention weights in ViT and filters them adaptively to corre-spond with the relative importance of input patches. The multiple scales (global and local) pipeline is supervised by our weights sharing encoder and can be easily trained end-to-end. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that AFTrans can achieve SOTA performance on three published fine-grained benchmarks: CUB-200-2011, Stanford Dogs and iNat2017.      
### 18.Max and Coincidence Neurons in Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01218.pdf)
>  Network design has been a central topic in machine learning. Large amounts of effort have been devoted towards creating efficient architectures through manual exploration as well as automated neural architecture search. However, todays architectures have yet to consider the diversity of neurons and the existence of neurons with specific processing functions. In this work, we optimize networks containing models of the max and coincidence neurons using neural architecture search, and analyze the structure, operations, and neurons of optimized networks to develop a signal-processing ResNet. The developed network achieves an average of 2% improvement in accuracy and a 25% improvement in network size across a variety of datasets, demonstrating the importance of neuronal functions in creating compact, efficient networks.      
### 19.Learning Structural Representations for Recipe Generation and Food Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01209.pdf)
>  Food is significant to human daily life. In this paper, we are interested in learning structural representations for lengthy recipes, that can benefit the recipe generation and food retrieval tasks. We mainly investigate an open research task of generating cooking instructions based on food images and ingredients, which is similar to the image captioning task. However, compared with image captioning datasets, the target recipes are lengthy paragraphs and do not have annotations on structure information. To address the above limitations, we propose a novel framework of Structure-aware Generation Network (SGN) to tackle the food recipe generation task. Our approach brings together several novel ideas in a systematic framework: (1) exploiting an unsupervised learning approach to obtain the sentence-level tree structure labels before training; (2) generating trees of target recipes from images with the supervision of tree structure labels learned from (1); and (3) integrating the inferred tree structures into the recipe generation procedure. Our proposed model can produce high-quality and coherent recipes, and achieve the state-of-the-art performance on the benchmark Recipe1M dataset. We also validate the usefulness of our learned tree structures in the food cross-modal retrieval task, where the proposed model with tree representations can outperform state-of-the-art benchmark results.      
### 20.Adding Quaternion Representations to Attention Networks for Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01185.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel modification to axial-attention networks to improve their image classification accuracy. The modification involves supplementing axial-attention modules with quaternion input representations to improve image classification accuracy. We chose axial-attention networks because they factor 2D attention operations into two consecutive 1D operations (similar to separable convolution) and are thus less resource intensive than non-axial attention networks. We chose a quaternion encoder because of they share weights across four real-valued input channels and the weight-sharing has been shown to produce a more interlinked/interwoven output representation. We hypothesize that an attention module can be more effective using these interlinked representations as input. Our experiments support this hypothesis as reflected in the improved classification accuracy compared to standard axial-attention networks. We think this happens because the attention modules have better input representations to work with.      
### 21.BPFNet: A Unified Framework for Bimodal Palmprint Alignment and Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01179.pdf)
>  Bimodal palmprint recognition leverages palmprint and palm vein images simultaneously,which achieves high accuracy by multi-model information fusion and has strong anti-falsification property. In the recognition pipeline, the detection of palm and the alignment of region-of-interest (ROI) are two crucial steps for accurate matching. Most existing methods localize palm ROI by keypoint detection algorithms, however the intrinsic difficulties of keypoint detection tasks make the results unsatisfactory. Besides, the ROI alignment and fusion algorithms at image-level are not fully <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://investigaged.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> bridge the gap, in this paper, we propose Bimodal Palmprint Fusion Network (BPFNet) which focuses on ROI localization, alignment and bimodal image fusion.BPFNet is an end-to-end framework containing two subnets: The detection network directly regresses the palmprint ROIs based on bounding box prediction and conducts alignment by translation <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://estimation.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> the downstream,the bimodal fusion network implements bimodal ROI image fusion leveraging a novel proposed cross-modal selection scheme. To show the effectiveness of BPFNet,we carry out experiments on the large-scale touchless palmprint datasets CUHKSZ-v1 and TongJi and the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performances.      
### 22.Enhance Images as You Like with Unpaired Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01161.pdf)
>  Low-light image enhancement exhibits an ill-posed nature, as a given image may have many enhanced versions, yet recent studies focus on building a deterministic mapping from input to an enhanced version. In contrast, we propose a lightweight one-path conditional generative adversarial network (cGAN) to learn a one-to-many relation from low-light to normal-light image space, given only sets of low- and normal-light training images without any correspondence. By formulating this ill-posed problem as a modulation code learning task, our network learns to generate a collection of enhanced images from a given input conditioned on various reference images. Therefore our inference model easily adapts to various user preferences, provided with a few favorable photos from each user. Our model achieves competitive visual and quantitative results on par with fully supervised methods on both noisy and clean datasets, while being 6 to 10 times lighter than state-of-the-art generative adversarial networks (GANs) approaches.      
### 23.Universal Face Restoration With Memorized Modulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01033.pdf)
>  Blind face restoration (BFR) is a challenging problem because of the uncertainty of the degradation patterns. This paper proposes a Restoration with Memorized Modulation (RMM) framework for universal BFR in diverse degraded scenes and heterogeneous domains. We apply random noise as well as unsupervised wavelet memory to adaptively modulate the face-enhancement generator, considering attentional denormalization in both layer and instance levels. Specifically, in the training stage, the low-level spatial feature embedding, the wavelet memory embedding obtained by wavelet transformation of the high-resolution image, as well as the disentangled high-level noise embeddings are integrated, with the guidance of attentional maps generated from layer normalization, instance normalization, and the original feature map. These three embeddings are respectively associated with the spatial content, high-frequency texture details, and a learnable universal prior against other blind image degradation patterns. We store the spatial feature of the low-resolution image and the corresponding wavelet style code as key and value in the memory unit, respectively. In the test stage, the wavelet memory value whose corresponding spatial key is the most matching with that of the inferred image is retrieved to modulate the generator. Moreover, the universal prior learned from the random noise has been memorized by training the modulation network. Experimental results show the superiority of the proposed method compared with the state-of-the-art methods, and a good generalization in the wild.      
### 24.DARDet: A Dense Anchor-free Rotated Object Detector in Aerial Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01025.pdf)
>  Rotated object detection in aerial images has received increasing attention for a wide range of applications. However, it is also a challenging task due to the huge variations of scale, rotation, aspect ratio, and densely arranged targets. Most existing methods heavily rely on a large number of pre-defined anchors with different scales, angles, and aspect ratios, and are optimized with a distance loss. Therefore, these methods are sensitive to anchor hyper-parameters and easily suffer from performance degradation caused by boundary discontinuity. To handle this problem, in this paper, we propose a dense anchor-free rotated object detector (DARDet) for rotated object detection in aerial images. Our DARDet directly predicts five parameters of rotated boxes at each foreground pixel of feature maps. We design a new alignment convolution module to extracts aligned features and introduce a PIoU loss for precise and stable regression. Our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on three commonly used aerial objects datasets (i.e., DOTA, HRSC2016, and UCAS-AOD) while keeping high efficiency. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zf020114/DARDet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.Classification of Viral Pneumonia X-ray Images with the Aucmedi Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01017.pdf)
>  In this work we use the AUCMEDI-Framework to train a deep neural network to classify chest X-ray images as either normal or viral pneumonia. Stratified k-fold cross-validation with k=3 is used to generate the validation-set and 15% of the data are set aside for the evaluation of the models of the different folds and ensembles each. A random-forest ensemble as well as a Soft-Majority-Vote ensemble are built from the predictions of the different folds. Evaluation metrics (Classification-Report, macro f1-scores, Confusion-Matrices, ROC-Curves) of the individual folds and the ensembles show that the classifier works well. Finally Grad-CAM and LIME explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) algorithms are applied to visualize the image features that are most important for the prediction. For Grad-CAM the heatmaps of the three folds are furthermore averaged for all images in order to calculate a mean XAI-heatmap. As the heatmaps of the different folds for most images differ only slightly this averaging procedure works well. However, only medical professionals can evaluate the quality of the features marked by the XAI. A comparison of the evaluation metrics with metrics of standard procedures such as PCR would also be important. Further limitations are discussed.      
### 26.Spatio-Temporal Video Representation Learning for AI Based Video Playback Style Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01015.pdf)
>  Ever-increasing smartphone-generated video content demands intelligent techniques to edit and enhance videos on power-constrained devices. Most of the best performing algorithms for video understanding tasks like action recognition, localization, etc., rely heavily on rich spatio-temporal representations to make accurate predictions. For effective learning of the spatio-temporal representation, it is crucial to understand the underlying object motion patterns present in the video. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for understanding object motions via motion type classification. The proposed motion type classifier predicts a motion type for the video based on the trajectories of the objects present. Our classifier assigns a motion type for the given video from the following five primitive motion classes: linear, projectile, oscillatory, local and random. We demonstrate that the representations learned from the motion type classification generalizes well for the challenging downstream task of video retrieval. Further, we proposed a recommendation system for video playback style based on the motion type classifier predictions.      
### 27.Counterfactual Samples Synthesizing and Training for Robust Visual Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01013.pdf)
>  Today's VQA models still tend to capture superficial linguistic correlations in the training set and fail to generalize to the test set with different QA distributions. To reduce these language biases, recent VQA works introduce an auxiliary question-only model to regularize the training of targeted VQA model, and achieve dominating performance on diagnostic benchmarks for out-of-distribution testing. However, due to complex model design, these ensemble-based methods are unable to equip themselves with two indispensable characteristics of an ideal VQA model: 1) Visual-explainable: The model should rely on the right visual regions when making decisions. 2) Question-sensitive: The model should be sensitive to the linguistic variations in questions. To this end, we propose a novel model-agnostic Counterfactual Samples Synthesizing and Training (CSST) strategy. After training with CSST, VQA models are forced to focus on all critical objects and words, which significantly improves both visual-explainable and question-sensitive abilities. Specifically, CSST is composed of two parts: Counterfactual Samples Synthesizing (CSS) and Counterfactual Samples Training (CST). CSS generates counterfactual samples by carefully masking critical objects in images or words in questions and assigning pseudo ground-truth answers. CST not only trains the VQA models with both complementary samples to predict respective ground-truth answers, but also urges the VQA models to further distinguish the original samples and superficially similar counterfactual ones. To facilitate the CST training, we propose two variants of supervised contrastive loss for VQA, and design an effective positive and negative sample selection mechanism based on CSS. Extensive experiments have shown the effectiveness of CSST. Particularly, by building on top of model LMH+SAR, we achieve record-breaking performance on all OOD benchmarks.      
### 28.Hierarchical Kinematic Probability Distributions for 3D Human Shape and Pose Estimation from Images in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00990.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of 3D human body shape and pose estimation from an RGB image. This is often an ill-posed problem, since multiple plausible 3D bodies may match the visual evidence present in the input - particularly when the subject is occluded. Thus, it is desirable to estimate a distribution over 3D body shape and pose conditioned on the input image instead of a single 3D reconstruction. We train a deep neural network to estimate a hierarchical matrix-Fisher distribution over relative 3D joint rotation matrices (i.e. body pose), which exploits the human body's kinematic tree structure, as well as a Gaussian distribution over SMPL body shape parameters. To further ensure that the predicted shape and pose distributions match the visual evidence in the input image, we implement a differentiable rejection sampler to impose a reprojection loss between ground-truth 2D joint coordinates and samples from the predicted distributions, projected onto the image plane. We show that our method is competitive with the state-of-the-art in terms of 3D shape and pose metrics on the SSP-3D and 3DPW datasets, while also yielding a structured probability distribution over 3D body shape and pose, with which we can meaningfully quantify prediction uncertainty and sample multiple plausible 3D reconstructions to explain a given input image. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/akashsengupta1997/HierarchicalProbabilistic3DHuman" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 29.Keypoint Communities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00988.pdf)
>  We present a fast bottom-up method that jointly detects over 100 keypoints on humans or objects, also referred to as human/object pose estimation. We model all keypoints belonging to a human or an object -- the pose -- as a graph and leverage insights from community detection to quantify the independence of keypoints. We use a graph centrality measure to assign training weights to different parts of a pose. Our proposed measure quantifies how tightly a keypoint is connected to its neighborhood. Our experiments show that our method outperforms all previous methods for human pose estimation with fine-grained keypoint annotations on the face, the hands and the feet with a total of 133 keypoints. We also show that our method generalizes to car poses.      
### 30.A Robust Scheme for 3D Point Cloud Copy Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00972.pdf)
>  Most existing 3D geometry copy detection research focused on 3D watermarking, which first embeds ``watermarks'' and then detects the added watermarks. However, this kind of methods is non-straightforward and may be less robust to attacks such as cropping and noise. In this paper, we focus on a fundamental and practical research problem: judging whether a point cloud is plagiarized or copied to another point cloud in the presence of several manipulations (e.g., similarity transformation, smoothing). We propose a novel method to address this critical problem. Our key idea is first to align the two point clouds and then calculate their similarity distance. We design three different measures to compute the similarity. We also introduce two strategies to speed up our method. Comprehensive experiments and comparisons demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of our method in estimating the similarity of two given 3D point clouds.      
### 31.Semantic-Guided Zero-Shot Learning for Low-Light Image/Video Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00970.pdf)
>  Low-light images challenge both human perceptions and computer vision algorithms. It is crucial to make algorithms robust to enlighten low-light images for computational photography and computer vision applications such as real-time detection and segmentation tasks. This paper proposes a semantic-guided zero-shot low-light enhancement network which is trained in the absence of paired images, unpaired datasets, and segmentation annotation. Firstly, we design an efficient enhancement factor extraction network using depthwise separable convolution. Secondly, we propose a recurrent image enhancement network for progressively enhancing the low-light image. Finally, we introduce an unsupervised semantic segmentation network for preserving the semantic information. Extensive experiments on various benchmark datasets and a low-light video demonstrate that our model outperforms the previous state-of-the-art qualitatively and quantitatively. We further discuss the benefits of the proposed method for low-light detection and segmentation.      
### 32.Translating Images into Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00966.pdf)
>  We approach instantaneous mapping, converting images to a top-down view of the world, as a translation problem. We show how a novel form of transformer network can be used to map from images and video directly to an overhead map or bird's-eye-view (BEV) of the world, in a single end-to-end network. We assume a 1-1 correspondence between a vertical scanline in the image, and rays passing through the camera location in an overhead map. This lets us formulate map generation from an image as a set of sequence-to-sequence translations. Posing the problem as translation allows the network to use the context of the image when interpreting the role of each pixel. This constrained formulation, based upon a strong physical grounding of the problem, leads to a restricted transformer network that is convolutional in the horizontal direction only. The structure allows us to make efficient use of data when training, and obtains state-of-the-art results for instantaneous mapping of three large-scale datasets, including a 15% and 30% relative gain against existing best performing methods on the nuScenes and Argoverse datasets, respectively. We make our code available on <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/avishkarsaha/translating-images-into-maps" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Fingerprint Matching using the Onion Peeling Approach and Turning Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00958.pdf)
>  Fingerprint, as one of the most popular and robust biometric traits, can be used in automatic identification and verification systems to identify individuals. Fingerprint matching is a vital and challenging issue in fingerprint recognition systems. Most fingerprint matching algorithms are minutiae-based. The minutiae in fingerprints can be determined by their discontinuity. Ridge ending and ridge bifurcation are two frequently used minutiae in most fingerprint-based matching algorithms. <br>This paper presents a new minutiae-based fingerprint matching using the onion peeling approach. In the proposed method, fingerprints are aligned to find the matched minutiae points. Then, the nested convex polygons of matched minutiae points are constructed and the comparison between peer-to-peer polygons is performed by the turning function distance. Simplicity, accuracy, and low time complexity of the Onion peeling approach are three important factors that make it a standard method for fingerprint matching purposes. The performance of the proposed algorithm is evaluated on the database $FVC2002$. The results show that fingerprints of the same fingers have higher scores than different fingers. Since the fingerprints that the difference between the number of their layers is more than $2$ and the minutiae matching score lower than 0.15 are ignored, the better results are obtained.      
### 34.Accurate Cup-to-Disc Ratio Measurement with Tight Bounding Box Supervision in Fundus Photography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00943.pdf)
>  The cup-to-disc ratio (CDR) is one of the most significant indicator for glaucoma diagnosis. Different from the use of costly fully supervised learning formulation with pixel-wise annotations in the literature, this study investigates the feasibility of accurate CDR measurement in fundus images using only tight bounding box supervision. For this purpose, we develop a two-task network for accurate CDR measurement, one for weakly supervised image segmentation, and the other for bounding-box regression. The weakly supervised image segmentation task is implemented based on generalized multiple instance learning formulation and smooth maximum approximation, and the bounding-box regression task outputs class-specific bounding box prediction in a single scale at the original image resolution. To get accurate bounding box prediction, a class-specific bounding-box normalizer and an expected intersection-over-union are proposed. In the experiments, the proposed approach was evaluated by a testing set with 1200 images using CDR error and F1 score for CDR measurement and dice coefficient for image segmentation. A grader study was conducted to compare the performance of the proposed approach with those of individual graders. The results demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art performance obtained from the fully supervised image segmentation (FSIS) approach using pixel-wise annotation for CDR measurement, which is also better than those of individual graders. It also gets performance close to the state-of-the-art obtained from FSIS for optic cup and disc segmentation, similar to those of individual graders. The codes are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wangjuan313/CDRNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 35.Anatomical Landmarks Localization for 3D Foot Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00937.pdf)
>  3D anatomical landmarks play an important role in health research. Their automated prediction/localization thus becomes a vital task. In this paper, we introduce a deformation method for 3D anatomical landmarks prediction. It utilizes a source model with anatomical landmarks which are annotated by clinicians, and deforms this model non-rigidly to match the target model. Two constraints are introduced in the optimization, which are responsible for alignment and smoothness, respectively. Experiments are performed on our dataset and the results demonstrate the robustness of our method, and show that it yields better performance than the state-of-the-art techniques in most cases.      
### 36.Bounding Box Tightness Prior for Weakly Supervised Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00934.pdf)
>  This paper presents a weakly supervised image segmentation method that adopts tight bounding box annotations. It proposes generalized multiple instance learning (MIL) and smooth maximum approximation to integrate the bounding box tightness prior into the deep neural network in an end-to-end manner. In generalized MIL, positive bags are defined by parallel crossing lines with a set of different angles, and negative bags are defined as individual pixels outside of any bounding boxes. Two variants of smooth maximum approximation, i.e., $\alpha$-softmax function and $\alpha$-quasimax function, are exploited to conquer the numeral instability introduced by maximum function of bag prediction. The proposed approach was evaluated on two pubic medical datasets using Dice coefficient. The results demonstrate that it outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. The codes are available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/wangjuan313/wsis-boundingbox" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 37.Anti-aliasing Deep Image Classifiers using Novel Depth Adaptive Blurring and Activation Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00899.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional networks are vulnerable to image translation or shift, partly due to common down-sampling layers, e.g., max-pooling and strided convolution. These operations violate the Nyquist sampling rate and cause aliasing. The textbook solution is low-pass filtering (blurring) before down-sampling, which can benefit deep networks as well. Even so, non-linearity units, such as ReLU, often re-introduce the problem, suggesting that blurring alone may not suffice. In this work, first, we analyse deep features with Fourier transform and show that Depth Adaptive Blurring is more effective, as opposed to monotonic blurring. To this end, we outline how this can replace existing down-sampling methods. Second, we introduce a novel activation function -- with a built-in low pass filter, to keep the problem from reappearing. From experiments, we observe generalisation on other forms of transformations and corruptions as well, e.g., rotation, scale, and noise. We evaluate our method under three challenging settings: (1) a variety of image translations; (2) adversarial attacks -- both $\ell_{p}$ bounded and unbounded; and (3) data corruptions and perturbations. In each setting, our method achieves state-of-the-art results and improves clean accuracy on various benchmark datasets.      
### 38.Weakly Supervised Attention-based Models Using Activation Maps for Citrus Mite and Insect Pest Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00881.pdf)
>  Citrus juices and fruits are commodities with great economic potential in the international market, but productivity losses caused by mites and other pests are still far from being a good mark. Despite the integrated pest mechanical aspect, only a few works on automatic classification have handled images with orange mite characteristics, which means tiny and noisy regions of interest. On the computational side, attention-based models have gained prominence in deep learning research, and, along with weakly supervised learning algorithms, they have improved tasks performed with some label restrictions. In agronomic research of pests and diseases, these techniques can improve classification performance while pointing out the location of mites and insects without specific labels, reducing deep learning development costs related to generating bounding boxes. In this context, this work proposes an attention-based activation map approach developed to improve the classification of tiny regions called Two-Weighted Activation Mapping, which also produces locations using feature map scores learned from class labels. We apply our method in a two-stage network process called Attention-based Multiple Instance Learning Guided by Saliency Maps. We analyze the proposed approach in two challenging datasets, the Citrus Pest Benchmark, which was captured directly in the field using magnifying glasses, and the Insect Pest, a large pest image benchmark. In addition, we evaluate and compare our models with weakly supervised methods, such as Attention-based Deep MIL and WILDCAT. The results show that our classifier is superior to literature methods that use tiny regions in their classification tasks, surpassing them in all scenarios by at least 16 percentage points. Moreover, our approach infers bounding box locations for salient insects, even training without any location labels.      
### 39.BdSL36: A Dataset for Bangladeshi Sign Letters Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00869.pdf)
>  Bangladeshi Sign Language (BdSL) is a commonly used medium of communication for the hearing-impaired people in Bangladesh. A real-time BdSL interpreter with no controlled lab environment has a broad social impact and an interesting avenue of research as well. Also, it is a challenging task due to the variation in different subjects (age, gender, color, etc.), complex features, and similarities of signs and clustered backgrounds. However, the existing dataset for BdSL classification task is mainly built in a lab friendly setup which limits the application of powerful deep learning technology. In this paper, we introduce a dataset named BdSL36 which incorporates background augmentation to make the dataset versatile and contains over four million images belonging to 36 categories. Besides, we annotate about 40,000 images with bounding boxes to utilize the potentiality of object detection algorithms. Furthermore, several intensive experiments are performed to establish the baseline performance of our BdSL36. Moreover, we employ beta testing of our classifiers at the user level to justify the possibilities of real-world application with this dataset. We believe our BdSL36 will expedite future research on practical sign letter classification. We make the datasets and all the pre-trained models available for further researcher.      
### 40.Implicit and Explicit Attention for Zero-Shot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00860.pdf)
>  Most of the existing Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL) methods focus on learning a compatibility function between the image representation and class attributes. Few others concentrate on learning image representation combining local and global features. However, the existing approaches still fail to address the bias issue towards the seen classes. In this paper, we propose implicit and explicit attention mechanisms to address the existing bias problem in ZSL models. We formulate the implicit attention mechanism with a self-supervised image angle rotation task, which focuses on specific image features aiding to solve the task. The explicit attention mechanism is composed with the consideration of a multi-headed self-attention mechanism via Vision Transformer model, which learns to map image features to semantic space during the training stage. We conduct comprehensive experiments on three popular benchmarks: AWA2, CUB and SUN. The performance of our proposed attention mechanisms has proved its effectiveness, and has achieved the state-of-the-art harmonic mean on all the three datasets.      
### 41.Optimizing Neural Network for Computer Vision task in Edge Device  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00791.pdf)
>  The field of computer vision has grown very rapidly in the past few years due to networks like convolution neural networks and their variants. The memory required to store the model and computational expense are very high for such a network limiting it to deploy on the edge device. Many times, applications rely on the cloud but that makes it hard for working in real-time due to round-trip delays. We overcome these problems by deploying the neural network on the edge device itself. The computational expense for edge devices is reduced by reducing the floating-point precision of the parameters in the model. After this the memory required for the model decreases and the speed of the computation increases where the performance of the model is least affected. This makes an edge device to predict from the neural network all by itself.      
### 42.Automated Seed Quality Testing System using GAN &amp; Active Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00777.pdf)
>  Quality assessment of agricultural produce is a crucial step in minimizing food stock wastage. However, this is currently done manually and often requires expert supervision, especially in smaller seeds like corn. We propose a novel computer vision-based system for automating this process. We build a novel seed image acquisition setup, which captures both the top and bottom views. Dataset collection for this problem has challenges of data annotation costs/time and class imbalance. We address these challenges by i.) using a Conditional Generative Adversarial Network (CGAN) to generate real-looking images for the classes with lesser images and ii.) annotate a large dataset with minimal expert human intervention by using a Batch Active Learning (BAL) based annotation tool. We benchmark different image classification models on the dataset obtained. We are able to get accuracies of up to 91.6% for testing the physical purity of seed samples.      
### 43.Explainable Event Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00755.pdf)
>  The literature shows outstanding capabilities for CNNs in event recognition in images. However, fewer attempts are made to analyze the potential causes behind the decisions of the models and exploring whether the predictions are based on event-salient objects or regions? To explore this important aspect of event recognition, in this work, we propose an explainable event recognition framework relying on Grad-CAM and an Xception architecture-based CNN model. Experiments are conducted on three large-scale datasets covering a diversified set of natural disasters, social, and sports events. Overall, the model showed outstanding generalization capabilities obtaining overall F1-scores of 0.91, 0.94, and 0.97 on natural disasters, social, and sports events, respectively. Moreover, for subjective analysis of activation maps generated through Grad-CAM for the predicted samples of the model, a crowdsourcing study is conducted to analyze whether the model's predictions are based on event-related objects/regions or not? The results of the study indicate that 78%, 84%, and 78% of the model decisions on natural disasters, sports, and social events datasets, respectively, are based onevent-related objects or regions.      
### 44.FICGAN: Facial Identity Controllable GAN for De-identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00740.pdf)
>  In this work, we present Facial Identity Controllable GAN (FICGAN) for not only generating high-quality de-identified face images with ensured privacy protection, but also detailed controllability on attribute preservation for enhanced data utility. We tackle the less-explored yet desired functionality in face de-identification based on the two factors. First, we focus on the challenging issue to obtain a high level of privacy protection in the de-identification task while uncompromising the image quality. Second, we analyze the facial attributes related to identity and non-identity and explore the trade-off between the degree of face de-identification and preservation of the source attributes for enhanced data utility. Based on the analysis, we develop Facial Identity Controllable GAN (FICGAN), an autoencoder-based conditional generative model that learns to disentangle the identity attributes from non-identity attributes on a face image. By applying the manifold k-same algorithm to satisfy k-anonymity for strengthened security, our method achieves enhanced privacy protection in de-identified face images. Numerous experiments demonstrate that our model outperforms others in various scenarios of face de-identification.      
### 45.Domain-Specific Bias Filtering for Single Labeled Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00726.pdf)
>  Domain generalization (DG) utilizes multiple labeled source datasets to train a generalizable model for unseen target domains. However, due to expensive annotation costs, the requirements of labeling all the source data are hard to be met in real-world applications. In this paper, we investigate a Single Labeled Domain Generalization (SLDG) task with only one source domain being labeled, which is more practical and challenging than the Conventional Domain Generalization (CDG). A major obstacle in the SLDG task is the discriminability-generalization bias: discriminative information in the labeled source dataset may contain domain-specific bias, constraining the generalization of the trained model. To tackle this challenging task, we propose a novel method called Domain-Specific Bias Filtering (DSBF), which initializes a discriminative model with the labeled source data and filters out its domain-specific bias with the unlabeled source data for generalization improvement. We divide the filtering process into: (1) Feature extractor debiasing using k-means clustering-based semantic feature re-extraction; and (2) Classifier calibrating using attention-guided semantic feature projection. DSBF unifies the exploration of the labeled and the unlabeled source data to enhance the discriminability and generalization of the trained model, resulting in a highly generalizable model. We further provide theoretical analysis to verify the proposed domain-specific bias filtering process. Extensive experiments on multiple datasets show the superior performance of DSBF in tackling both the challenging SLDG task and the CDG task.      
### 46.An Optimization-Based Meta-Learning Model for MRI Reconstruction with Diverse Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00715.pdf)
>  Purpose: This work aims at developing a generalizable MRI reconstruction model in the meta-learning framework. The standard benchmarks in meta-learning are challenged by learning on diverse task distributions. The proposed network learns the regularization function in a variational model and reconstructs MR images with various under-sampling ratios or patterns that may or may not be seen in the training data by leveraging a heterogeneous dataset. Methods: We propose an unrolling network induced by learnable optimization algorithms (LOA) for solving our nonconvex nonsmooth variational model for MRI reconstruction. In this model, the learnable regularization function contains a task-invariant common feature encoder and task-specific learner represented by a shallow network. To train the network we split the training data into two parts: training and validation, and introduce a bilevel optimization algorithm. The lower-level optimization trains task-invariant parameters for the feature encoder with fixed parameters of the task-specific learner on the training dataset, and the upper-level optimizes the parameters of the task-specific learner on the validation dataset. Results: The average PSNR increases significantly compared to the network trained through conventional supervised learning on the seen CS ratios. We test the result of quick adaption on the unseen tasks after meta-training and in the meanwhile saving half of the training time; Conclusion: We proposed a meta-learning framework consisting of the base network architecture, design of regularization, and bi-level optimization-based training. The network inherits the convergence property of the LOA and interpretation of the variational model. The generalization ability is improved by the designated regularization and bilevel optimization-based training algorithm.      
### 47.Asking questions on handwritten document collections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00711.pdf)
>  This work addresses the problem of Question Answering (QA) on handwritten document collections. Unlike typical QA and Visual Question Answering (VQA) formulations where the answer is a short text, we aim to locate a document snippet where the answer lies. The proposed approach works without recognizing the text in the documents. We argue that the recognition-free approach is suitable for handwritten documents and historical collections where robust text recognition is often difficult. At the same time, for human users, document image snippets containing answers act as a valid alternative to textual answers. The proposed approach uses an off-the-shelf deep embedding network which can project both textual words and word images into a common sub-space. This embedding bridges the textual and visual domains and helps us retrieve document snippets that potentially answer a question. We evaluate results of the proposed approach on two new datasets: (i) HW-SQuAD: a synthetic, handwritten document image counterpart of SQuAD1.0 dataset and (ii) BenthamQA: a smaller set of QA pairs defined on documents from the popular Bentham manuscripts collection. We also present a thorough analysis of the proposed recognition-free approach compared to a recognition-based approach which uses text recognized from the images using an OCR. Datasets presented in this work are available to download at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://docvqa.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 48.Universal Adversarial Spoofing Attacks against Face Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00708.pdf)
>  We assess the vulnerabilities of deep face recognition systems for images that falsify/spoof multiple identities simultaneously. We demonstrate that, by manipulating the deep feature representation extracted from a face image via imperceptibly small perturbations added at the pixel level using our proposed Universal Adversarial Spoofing Examples (UAXs), one can fool a face verification system into recognizing that the face image belongs to multiple different identities with a high success rate. One characteristic of the UAXs crafted with our method is that they are universal (identity-agnostic); they are successful even against identities not known in advance. For a certain deep neural network, we show that we are able to spoof almost all tested identities (99\%), including those not known beforehand (not included in training). Our results indicate that a multiple-identity attack is a real threat and should be taken into account when deploying face recognition systems.      
### 49.Light Field Saliency Detection with Dual Local Graph Learning andReciprocative Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00698.pdf)
>  The application of light field data in salient object de-tection is becoming increasingly popular recently. The diffi-culty lies in how to effectively fuse the features within the fo-cal stack and how to cooperate them with the feature of theall-focus image. Previous methods usually fuse focal stackfeatures via convolution or ConvLSTM, which are both lesseffective and ill-posed. In this paper, we model the infor-mation fusion within focal stack via graph networks. Theyintroduce powerful context propagation from neighbouringnodes and also avoid ill-posed implementations. On the onehand, we construct local graph connections thus avoidingprohibitive computational costs of traditional graph net-works. On the other hand, instead of processing the twokinds of data separately, we build a novel dual graph modelto guide the focal stack fusion process using all-focus pat-terns. To handle the second difficulty, previous methods usu-ally implement one-shot fusion for focal stack and all-focusfeatures, hence lacking a thorough exploration of their sup-plements. We introduce a reciprocative guidance schemeand enable mutual guidance between these two kinds of in-formation at multiple steps. As such, both kinds of featurescan be enhanced iteratively, finally benefiting the saliencyprediction. Extensive experimental results show that theproposed models are all beneficial and we achieve signif-icantly better results than state-of-the-art methods.      
### 50.RoomStructNet: Learning to Rank Non-Cuboidal Room Layouts From Single View  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00644.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a new approach to estimate the layout of a room from its single image. While recent approaches for this task use robust features learnt from data, they resort to optimization for detecting the final layout. In addition to using learnt robust features, our approach learns an additional ranking function to estimate the final layout instead of using optimization. To learn this ranking function, we propose a framework to train a CNN using max-margin structure cost. Also, while most approaches aim at detecting cuboidal layouts, our approach detects non-cuboidal layouts for which we explicitly estimates layout complexity parameters. We use these parameters to propose layout candidates in a novel way. Our approach shows state-of-the-art results on standard datasets with mostly cuboidal layouts and also performs well on a dataset containing rooms with non-cuboidal layouts.      
### 51.SPEC: Seeing People in the Wild with an Estimated Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00620.pdf)
>  Due to the lack of camera parameter information for in-the-wild images, existing 3D human pose and shape (HPS) estimation methods make several simplifying assumptions: weak-perspective projection, large constant focal length, and zero camera rotation. These assumptions often do not hold and we show, quantitatively and qualitatively, that they cause errors in the reconstructed 3D shape and pose. To address this, we introduce SPEC, the first in-the-wild 3D HPS method that estimates the perspective camera from a single image and employs this to reconstruct 3D human bodies more accurately. %regress 3D human bodies. First, we train a neural network to estimate the field of view, camera pitch, and roll given an input image. We employ novel losses that improve the calibration accuracy over previous work. We then train a novel network that concatenates the camera calibration to the image features and uses these together to regress 3D body shape and pose. SPEC is more accurate than the prior art on the standard benchmark (3DPW) as well as two new datasets with more challenging camera views and varying focal lengths. Specifically, we create a new photorealistic synthetic dataset (SPEC-SYN) with ground truth 3D bodies and a novel in-the-wild dataset (SPEC-MTP) with calibration and high-quality reference bodies. Both qualitative and quantitative analysis confirm that knowing camera parameters during inference regresses better human bodies. Code and datasets are available for research purposes at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://spec.is.tue.mpg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 52.Algorithm Fairness in AI for Medicine and Healthcare  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00603.pdf)
>  In the current development and deployment of many artificial intelligence (AI) systems in healthcare, algorithm fairness is a challenging problem in delivering equitable care. Recent evaluation of AI models stratified across race sub-populations have revealed enormous inequalities in how patients are diagnosed, given treatments, and billed for healthcare costs. In this perspective article, we summarize the intersectional field of fairness in machine learning through the context of current issues in healthcare, outline how algorithmic biases (e.g. - image acquisition, genetic variation, intra-observer labeling variability) arise in current clinical workflows and their resulting healthcare disparities. Lastly, we also review emerging strategies for mitigating bias via decentralized learning, disentanglement, and model explainability.      
### 53.Traffic Flow Forecasting with Maintenance Downtime via Multi-Channel Attention-Based Spatio-Temporal Graph Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01535.pdf)
>  Forecasting traffic flows is a central task in intelligent transportation system management. Graph structures have shown promise as a modeling framework, with recent advances in spatio-temporal modeling via graph convolution neural networks, improving the performance or extending the prediction horizon on traffic flows. However, a key shortcoming of state-of-the-art methods is their inability to take into account information of various modalities, for instance the impact of maintenance downtime on traffic flows. This is the issue we address in this paper. Specifically, we propose a novel model to predict traffic speed under the impact of construction work. The model is based on the powerful attention-based spatio-temporal graph convolution architecture but utilizes various channels to integrate different sources of information, explicitly builds spatio-temporal dependencies among traffic states, captures the relationships between heterogeneous roadway networks, and then predicts changes in traffic flow resulting from maintenance downtime events. The model is evaluated on two benchmark datasets and a novel dataset we have collected over the bustling Tyson's corner region in Northern Virginia. Extensive comparative experiments and ablation studies show that the proposed model can capture complex and nonlinear spatio-temporal relationships across a transportation corridor, outperforming baseline models.      
### 54.Assessing glaucoma in retinal fundus photographs using Deep Feature Consistent Variational Autoencoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01534.pdf)
>  One of the leading causes of blindness is glaucoma, which is challenging to detect since it remains asymptomatic until the symptoms are severe. Thus, diagnosis is usually possible until the markers are easy to identify, i.e., the damage has already occurred. Early identification of glaucoma is generally made based on functional, structural, and clinical assessments. However, due to the nature of the disease, researchers still debate which markers qualify as a consistent glaucoma metric. Deep learning methods have partially solved this dilemma by bypassing the marker identification stage and analyzing high-level information directly to classify the data. Although favorable, these methods make expert analysis difficult as they provide no insight into the model discrimination process. In this paper, we overcome this using deep generative networks, a deep learning model that learns complicated, high-dimensional probability distributions. We train a Deep Feature consistent Variational Autoencoder (DFC-VAE) to reconstruct optic disc images. We show that a small-sized latent space obtained from the DFC-VAE can learn the high-dimensional glaucoma data distribution and provide discriminatory evidence between normal and glaucoma eyes. Latent representations of size as low as 128 from our model got a 0.885 area under the receiver operating characteristic curve when trained with Support Vector Classifier.      
### 55.Skill Induction and Planning with Latent Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01517.pdf)
>  We present a framework for learning hierarchical policies from demonstrations, using sparse natural language annotations to guide the discovery of reusable skills for autonomous decision-making. We formulate a generative model of action sequences in which goals generate sequences of high-level subtask descriptions, and these descriptions generate sequences of low-level actions. We describe how to train this model using primarily unannotated demonstrations by parsing demonstrations into sequences of named high-level subtasks, using only a small number of seed annotations to ground language in action. In trained models, the space of natural language commands indexes a combinatorial library of skills; agents can use these skills to plan by generating high-level instruction sequences tailored to novel goals. We evaluate this approach in the ALFRED household simulation environment, providing natural language annotations for only 10% of demonstrations. It completes more than twice as many tasks as a standard approach to learning from demonstrations, matching the performance of instruction following models with access to ground-truth plans during both training and evaluation.      
### 56.Distributed Learning Approaches for Automated Chest X-Ray Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01474.pdf)
>  Deep Learning has established in the latest years as a successful approach to address a great variety of tasks. Healthcare is one of the most promising field of application for Deep Learning approaches since it would allow to help clinicians to analyze patient data and perform diagnoses. However, despite the vast amount of data collected every year in hospitals and other clinical institutes, privacy regulations on sensitive data - such as those related to health - pose a serious challenge to the application of these methods. In this work, we focus on strategies to cope with privacy issues when a consortium of healthcare institutions needs to train machine learning models for identifying a particular disease, comparing the performances of two recent distributed learning approaches - Federated Learning and Split Learning - on the task of Automated Chest X-Ray Diagnosis. In particular, in our analysis we investigated the impact of different data distributions in client data and the possible policies on the frequency of data exchange between the institutions.      
### 57.Fine-Grained Neural Network Explanation by Identifying Input Features with Predictive Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01471.pdf)
>  One principal approach for illuminating a black-box neural network is feature attribution, i.e. identifying the importance of input features for the network's prediction. The predictive information of features is recently proposed as a proxy for the measure of their importance. So far, the predictive information is only identified for latent features by placing an information bottleneck within the network. We propose a method to identify features with predictive information in the input domain. The method results in fine-grained identification of input features' information and is agnostic to network architecture. The core idea of our method is leveraging a bottleneck on the input that only lets input features associated with predictive latent features pass through. We compare our method with several feature attribution methods using mainstream feature attribution evaluation experiments. The code is publicly available.      
### 58.Robust and Decomposable Average Precision for Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01445.pdf)
>  In image retrieval, standard evaluation metrics rely on score ranking, e.g. average precision (AP). In this paper, we introduce a method for robust and decomposable average precision (ROADMAP) addressing two major challenges for end-to-end training of deep neural networks with AP: non-differentiability and non-decomposability. Firstly, we propose a new differentiable approximation of the rank function, which provides an upper bound of the AP loss and ensures robust training. Secondly, we design a simple yet effective loss function to reduce the decomposability gap between the AP in the whole training set and its averaged batch approximation, for which we provide theoretical guarantees. Extensive experiments conducted on three image retrieval datasets show that ROADMAP outperforms several recent AP approximation methods and highlight the importance of our two contributions. Finally, using ROADMAP for training deep models yields very good performances, outperforming state-of-the-art results on the three datasets.      
### 59.A review of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) and its applications in a wide variety of disciplines -- From Medical to Remote Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01442.pdf)
>  We look into Generative Adversarial Network (GAN), its prevalent variants and applications in a number of sectors. GANs combine two neural networks that compete against one another using zero-sum game theory, allowing them to create much crisper and discrete outputs. GANs can be used to perform image processing, video generation and prediction, among other computer vision applications. GANs can also be utilised for a variety of science-related activities, including protein engineering, astronomical data processing, remote sensing image dehazing, and crystal structure synthesis. Other notable fields where GANs have made gains include finance, marketing, fashion design, sports, and music. Therefore in this article we provide a comprehensive overview of the applications of GANs in a wide variety of disciplines. We first cover the theory supporting GAN, GAN variants, and the metrics to evaluate GANs. Then we present how GAN and its variants can be applied in twelve domains, ranging from STEM fields, such as astronomy and biology, to business fields, such as marketing and finance, and to arts, such as music. As a result, researchers from other fields may grasp how GANs work and apply them to their own study. To the best of our knowledge, this article provides the most comprehensive survey of GAN's applications in different fields.      
### 60.Learning Domain-Invariant Relationship with Instrumental Variable for Domain Generalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01438.pdf)
>  Domain generalization (DG) aims to learn from multiple source domains a model that generalizes well on unseen target domains. Existing methods mainly learn input feature representations with invariant marginal distribution, while the invariance of the conditional distribution is more essential for unknown domain generalization. This paper proposes an instrumental variable-based approach to learn the domain-invariant relationship between input features and labels contained in the conditional distribution. Interestingly, with a causal view on the data generating process, we find that the input features of one domain are valid instrumental variables for other domains. Inspired by this finding, we design a simple yet effective framework to learn the Domain-invariant Relationship with Instrumental VariablE (DRIVE) via a two-stage IV method. Specifically, it first learns the conditional distribution of input features of one domain given input features of another domain, and then it estimates the domain-invariant relationship by predicting labels with the learned conditional distribution. Simulation experiments show the proposed method accurately captures the domain-invariant relationship. Extensive experiments on several datasets consistently demonstrate that DRIVE yields state-of-the-art results.      
### 61.RED++ : Data-Free Pruning of Deep Neural Networks via Input Splitting and Output Merging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01397.pdf)
>  Pruning Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) is a prominent field of study in the goal of inference runtime acceleration. In this paper, we introduce a novel data-free pruning protocol RED++. Only requiring a trained neural network, and not specific to DNN architecture, we exploit an adaptive data-free scalar hashing which exhibits redundancies among neuron weight values. We study the theoretical and empirical guarantees on the preservation of the accuracy from the hashing as well as the expected pruning ratio resulting from the exploitation of said redundancies. We propose a novel data-free pruning technique of DNN layers which removes the input-wise redundant operations. This algorithm is straightforward, parallelizable and offers novel perspective on DNN pruning by shifting the burden of large computation to efficient memory access and allocation. We provide theoretical guarantees on RED++ performance and empirically demonstrate its superiority over other data-free pruning methods and its competitiveness with data-driven ones on ResNets, MobileNets and EfficientNets.      
### 62.A Survey of Selected Algorithms Used in Military Applications from the Viewpoints of Dataflow and GaAs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01389.pdf)
>  This is a short survey of ten algorithms that are often used for military purposes, followed by analysis of their potential suitability for dataflow and GaAs, which are a specific architecture and technology for supercomputers on a chip, respectively. <br>Whenever an algorithm or a device is used in military settings, it is natural to assume strict requirements related to speed, reliability, scale, energy, size, and accuracy. The two aforementioned paradigms seem to be promising in fulfilling most of these requirements.      
### 63.Blindness (Diabetic Retinopathy) Severity Scale Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01333.pdf)
>  Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is a severe complication of diabetes that can cause permanent blindness. Timely diagnosis and treatment of DR are critical to avoid total loss of vision. Manual diagnosis is time consuming and error-prone. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning based method for automatic screening of retinal fundus images to detect and classify DR based on the severity. The method uses a dual-path configuration of deep neural networks to achieve the objective. In the first step, a modified UNet++ based retinal vessel segmentation is used to create a fundus image that emphasises elements like haemorrhages, cotton wool spots, and exudates that are vital to identify the DR stages. Subsequently, two convolutional neural networks (CNN) classifiers take the original image and the newly created fundus image respectively as inputs and identify the severity of DR on a scale of 0 to 4. These two scores are then passed through a shallow neural network classifier (ANN) to predict the final DR stage. The public datasets STARE, DRIVE, CHASE DB1, and APTOS are used for training and evaluation. Our method achieves an accuracy of 94.80% and Quadratic Weighted Kappa (QWK) score of 0.9254, and outperform many state-of-the-art methods.      
### 64.Synthetic Velocity Mapping Cardiac MRI Coupled with Automated Left Ventricle Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01304.pdf)
>  Temporal patterns of cardiac motion provide important information for cardiac disease diagnosis. This pattern could be obtained by three-directional CINE multi-slice left ventricular myocardial velocity mapping (3Dir MVM), which is a cardiac MR technique providing magnitude and phase information of the myocardial motion simultaneously. However, long acquisition time limits the usage of this technique by causing breathing artifacts, while shortening the time causes low temporal resolution and may provide an inaccurate assessment of cardiac motion. In this study, we proposed a frame synthesis algorithm to increase the temporal resolution of 3Dir MVM data. Our algorithm is featured by 1) three attention-based encoders which accept magnitude images, phase images, and myocardium segmentation masks respectively as inputs; 2) three decoders that output the interpolated frames and corresponding myocardium segmentation results; and 3) loss functions highlighting myocardium pixels. Our algorithm can not only increase the temporal resolution 3Dir MVMs, but can also generates the myocardium segmentation results at the same time.      
### 65.Incremental Class Learning using Variational Autoencoders with Similarity Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01303.pdf)
>  Catastrophic forgetting in neural networks during incremental learning remains a challenging problem. Previous research investigated catastrophic forgetting in fully connected networks, with some earlier work exploring activation functions and learning algorithms. Applications of neural networks have been extended to include similarity and metric learning. It is of significant interest to understand how metric learning loss functions would be affected by catastrophic forgetting. Our research investigates catastrophic forgetting for four well-known metric-based loss functions during incremental class learning. The loss functions are angular, contrastive, centre, and triplet loss. Our results show that the rate of catastrophic forgetting is different across loss functions on multiple datasets. The angular loss was least affected, followed by contrastive, triplet loss, and centre loss with good mining techniques. We implemented three existing incremental learning techniques, iCARL, EWC, and EBLL. We further proposed our novel technique using VAEs to generate representation as exemplars that are passed through intermediate layers of the network. Our method outperformed the three existing techniques. We have shown that we do not require stored images as exemplars for incremental learning with similarity learning. The generated representations can help preserve regions of the embedding space used by prior knowledge so that new knowledge will not "overwrite" prior knowledge.      
### 66.Light-weight Deformable Registration using Adversarial Learning with Distilling Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01293.pdf)
>  Deformable registration is a crucial step in many medical procedures such as image-guided surgery and radiation therapy. Most recent learning-based methods focus on improving the accuracy by optimizing the non-linear spatial correspondence between the input images. Therefore, these methods are computationally expensive and require modern graphic cards for real-time deployment. In this paper, we introduce a new Light-weight Deformable Registration network that significantly reduces the computational cost while achieving competitive accuracy. In particular, we propose a new adversarial learning with distilling knowledge algorithm that successfully leverages meaningful information from the effective but expensive teacher network to the student network. We design the student network such as it is light-weight and well suitable for deployment on a typical CPU. The extensively experimental results on different public datasets show that our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art accuracy while significantly faster than recent methods. We further show that the use of our adversarial learning algorithm is essential for a time-efficiency deformable registration method. Finally, our source code and trained models are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/aioz-ai/LDR_ALDK" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 67.Consistency Regularization Can Improve Robustness to Label Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01242.pdf)
>  Consistency regularization is a commonly-used technique for semi-supervised and self-supervised learning. It is an auxiliary objective function that encourages the prediction of the network to be similar in the vicinity of the observed training samples. Hendrycks et al. (2020) have recently shown such regularization naturally brings test-time robustness to corrupted data and helps with calibration. This paper empirically studies the relevance of consistency regularization for training-time robustness to noisy labels. First, we make two interesting and useful observations regarding the consistency of networks trained with the standard cross entropy loss on noisy datasets which are: (i) networks trained on noisy data have lower consistency than those trained on clean data, and(ii) the consistency reduces more significantly around noisy-labelled training data points than correctly-labelled ones. Then, we show that a simple loss function that encourages consistency improves the robustness of the models to label noise on both synthetic (CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100) and real-world (WebVision) noise as well as different noise rates and types and achieves state-of-the-art results.      
### 68.Deep Kernel Representation for Image Reconstruction in PET  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01174.pdf)
>  Image reconstruction for positron emission tomography (PET) is challenging because of the ill-conditioned tomographic problem and low counting statistics. Kernel methods address this challenge by using kernel representation to incorporate image prior information in the forward model of iterative PET image reconstruction. Existing kernel methods construct the kernels commonly using an empirical process, which may lead to suboptimal performance. In this paper, we describe the equivalence between the kernel representation and a trainable neural network model. A deep kernel method is proposed by exploiting deep neural networks to enable an automated learning of an optimized kernel model. The proposed method is directly applicable to single subjects. The training process utilizes available image prior data to seek the best way to form a set of robust kernels optimally rather than empirically. The results from computer simulations and a real patient dataset demonstrate that the proposed deep kernel method can outperform existing kernel method and neural network method for dynamic PET image reconstruction.      
### 69.A New Approach for Image Authentication Framework for Media Forensics Purpose  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01065.pdf)
>  With the increasing widely spread digital media become using in most fields such as medical care, Oceanography, Exploration processing, security purpose, military fields and astronomy, evidence in criminals and more vital fields and then digital Images become have different appreciation values according to what is important of carried information by digital images. Due to the easy manipulation property of digital images (by proper computer software) makes us doubtful when are juries using digital images as forensic evidence in courts, especially, if the digital images are main evidence to demonstrate the relationship between suspects and the criminals. Obviously, here demonstrate importance of data Originality Protection methods to detect unauthorized process like modification or duplication and then enhancement protection of evidence to guarantee rights of incriminatory. In this paper, we shall introduce a novel digital forensic security framework for digital image authentication and originality identification techniques and related methodologies, algorithms and protocols that are applied on camera captured images. The approach depends on implanting secret code into RGB images that should indicate any unauthorized modification on the image under investigation. The secret code generation depends mainly on two main parameter types, namely the image characteristics and capturing device identifier. In this paper, the architecture framework will be analyzed, explained and discussed together with the associated protocols, algorithms and methodologies. Also, the secret code deduction and insertion techniques will be analyzed and discussed, in addition to the image benchmarking and quality testing techniques.      
### 70.Learn then Test: Calibrating Predictive Algorithms to Achieve Risk Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01052.pdf)
>  We introduce Learn then Test (LTT), a framework for calibrating machine learning models so that their predictions satisfy explicit, finite-sample statistical guarantees regardless of the underlying model and (unknown) data-generating distribution. The framework addresses, among other examples, false discovery rate control in multi-label classification, intersection-over-union control in instance segmentation, and the simultaneous control of the type-1 error of outlier detection and confidence set coverage in classification or regression. To accomplish this, we solve a key technical challenge: the control of arbitrary risks that are not necessarily monotonic. Our main insight is to reframe the risk-control problem as multiple hypothesis testing, enabling techniques and mathematical arguments different from those in the previous literature. We use our framework to provide new calibration methods for several core machine learning tasks with detailed worked examples in computer vision.      
### 71.Marginally calibrated response distributions for end-to-end learning in autonomous driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01050.pdf)
>  End-to-end learners for autonomous driving are deep neural networks that predict the instantaneous steering angle directly from images of the ahead-lying street. These learners must provide reliable uncertainty estimates for their predictions in order to meet safety requirements and initiate a switch to manual control in areas of high uncertainty. Yet end-to-end learners typically only deliver point predictions, since distributional predictions are associated with large increases in training time or additional computational resources during prediction. To address this shortcoming we investigate efficient and scalable approximate inference for the implicit copula neural linear model of Klein, Nott and Smith (2021) in order to quantify uncertainty for the predictions of end-to-end learners. The result are densities for the steering angle that are marginally calibrated, i.e.~the average of the estimated densities equals the empirical distribution of steering angles. To ensure the scalability to large $n$ regimes, we develop efficient estimation based on variational inference as a fast alternative to computationally intensive, exact inference via Hamiltonian Monte Carlo. We demonstrate the accuracy and speed of the variational approach in comparison to Hamiltonian Monte Carlo on two end-to-end learners trained for highway driving using the comma2k19 data set. The implicit copula neural linear model delivers accurate calibration, high-quality prediction intervals and allows to identify overconfident learners. Our approach also contributes to the explainability of black-box end-to-end learners, since predictive densities can be used to understand which steering actions the end-to-end learner sees as valid.      
### 72.RAP-Net: Region Attention Predictive Network for Precipitation Nowcasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01035.pdf)
>  Natural disasters caused by heavy rainfall often cost huge loss of life and property. To avoid it, the task of precipitation nowcasting is imminent. To solve the problem, increasingly deep learning methods are proposed to forecast future radar echo images and then the predicted maps have converted the distribution of rainfall. The prevailing spatiotemporal sequence prediction methods apply ConvRNN structure which combines the Convolution and Recurrent neural network. Although improvements based on ConvRNN achieve remarkable success, these methods ignore capturing both local and global spatial features simultaneously, which degrades the nowcasting in the region of heavy rainfall. To address this issue, we proposed the Region Attention Block (RAB) and embed it into ConvRNN to enhance the forecast in the area with strong rainfall. Besides, the ConvRNN models are hard to memory longer history representations with limited parameters. Considering it, we propose Recall Attention Mechanism (RAM) to improve the prediction. By preserving longer temporal information, RAM contributes to the forecasting, especially in the middle rainfall intensity. The experiments show that the proposed model Region Attention Predictive Network (RAP-Net) has outperformed the state-of-art method.      
### 73.EAR-U-Net: EfficientNet and attention-based residual U-Net for automatic liver segmentation in CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.01014.pdf)
>  Purpose: This paper proposes a new network framework called EAR-U-Net, which leverages EfficientNetB4, attention gate, and residual learning techniques to achieve automatic and accurate liver segmentation. Methods: The proposed method is based on the U-Net framework. First, we use EfficientNetB4 as the encoder to extract more feature information during the encoding stage. Then, an attention gate is introduced in the skip connection to eliminate irrelevant regions and highlight features of a specific segmentation task. Finally, to alleviate the problem of gradient vanishment, we replace the traditional convolution of the decoder with a residual block to improve the segmentation accuracy. Results: We verified the proposed method on the LiTS17 and SLiver07 datasets and compared it with classical networks such as FCN, U-Net, Attention U-Net, and Attention Res-U-Net. In the Sliver07 evaluation, the proposed method achieved the best segmentation performance on all five standard metrics. Meanwhile, in the LiTS17 assessment, the best performance is obtained except for a slight inferior on RVD. Moreover, we also participated in the MICCIA-LiTS17 challenge, and the Dice per case score was 0.952. Conclusion: The proposed method's qualitative and quantitative results demonstrated its applicability in liver segmentation and proved its good prospect in computer-assisted liver segmentation.      
### 74.Precise Object Placement with Pose Distance Estimations for Different Objects and Grippers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00992.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel approach for the grasping and precise placement of various known rigid objects using multiple grippers within highly cluttered scenes. Using a single depth image of the scene, our method estimates multiple 6D object poses together with an object class, a pose distance for object pose estimation, and a pose distance from a target pose for object placement for each automatically obtained grasp pose with a single forward pass of a neural network. By incorporating model knowledge into the system, our approach has higher success rates for grasping than state-of-the-art model-free approaches. Furthermore, our method chooses grasps that result in significantly more precise object placements than prior model-based work.      
### 75.Adaptive Unfolding Total Variation Network for Low-Light Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00984.pdf)
>  Real-world low-light images suffer from two main degradations, namely, inevitable noise and poor visibility. Since the noise exhibits different levels, its estimation has been implemented in recent works when enhancing low-light images from raw Bayer space. When it comes to sRGB color space, the noise estimation becomes more complicated due to the effect of the image processing pipeline. Nevertheless, most existing enhancing algorithms in sRGB space only focus on the low visibility problem or suppress the noise under a hypothetical noise level, leading them impractical due to the lack of robustness. To address this issue,we propose an adaptive unfolding total variation network (UTVNet), which approximates the noise level from the real sRGB low-light image by learning the balancing parameter in the model-based denoising method with total variation regularization. Meanwhile, we learn the noise level map by unrolling the corresponding minimization process for providing the inferences of smoothness and fidelity constraints. Guided by the noise level map, our UTVNet can recover finer details and is more capable to suppress noise in real captured low-light scenes. Extensive experiments on real-world low-light images clearly demonstrate the superior performance of UTVNet over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 76.Graph Representation Learning for Spatial Image Steganalysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00957.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a graph representation learning architecture for spatial image steganalysis, which is motivated by the assumption that steganographic modifications unavoidably distort the statistical characteristics of the hidden graph features derived from cover images. In the detailed architecture, we translate each image to a graph, where nodes represent the patches of the image and edges indicate the local associations between the patches. Each node is associated with a feature vector determined from the corresponding patch by a shallow convolutional neural network (CNN) structure. By feeding the graph to an attention network, the discriminative features can be learned for efficient steganalysis. Experiments indicate that the reported architecture achieves a competitive performance compared to the benchmark CNN model, which has shown the potential of graph learning for steganalysis.      
### 77.An Unsupervised Video Game Playstyle Metric via State Discretization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00950.pdf)
>  On playing video games, different players usually have their own playstyles. Recently, there have been great improvements for the video game AIs on the playing strength. However, past researches for analyzing the behaviors of players still used heuristic rules or the behavior features with the game-environment support, thus being exhausted for the developers to define the features of discriminating various playstyles. In this paper, we propose the first metric for video game playstyles directly from the game observations and actions, without any prior specification on the playstyle in the target game. Our proposed method is built upon a novel scheme of learning discrete representations that can map game observations into latent discrete states, such that playstyles can be exhibited from these discrete states. Namely, we measure the playstyle distance based on game observations aligned to the same states. We demonstrate high playstyle accuracy of our metric in experiments on some video game platforms, including TORCS, RGSK, and seven Atari games, and for different agents including rule-based AI bots, learning-based AI bots, and human players.      
### 78.Interactive Segmentation for COVID-19 Infection Quantification on Longitudinal CT scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00948.pdf)
>  Consistent segmentation of COVID-19 patient's CT scans across multiple time points is essential to assess disease progression and response to therapy accurately. Existing automatic and interactive segmentation models for medical images only use data from a single time point (static). However, valuable segmentation information from previous time points is often not used to aid the segmentation of a patient's follow-up scans. Also, fully automatic segmentation techniques frequently produce results that would need further editing for clinical use. In this work, we propose a new single network model for interactive segmentation that fully utilizes all available past information to refine the segmentation of follow-up scans. In the first segmentation round, our model takes 3D volumes of medical images from two-time points (target and reference) as concatenated slices with the additional reference time point segmentation as a guide to segment the target scan. In subsequent segmentation refinement rounds, user feedback in the form of scribbles that correct the segmentation and the target's previous segmentation results are additionally fed into the model. This ensures that the segmentation information from previous refinement rounds is retained. Experimental results on our in-house multiclass longitudinal COVID-19 dataset show that the proposed model outperforms its static version and can assist in localizing COVID-19 infections in patient's follow-up scans.      
### 79.Artificial Intelligence For Breast Cancer Detection: Trends &amp; Directions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00942.pdf)
>  In the last decade, researchers working in the domain of computer vision and Artificial Intelligence (AI) have beefed up their efforts to come up with the automated framework that not only detects but also identifies stage of breast cancer. The reason for this surge in research activities in this direction are mainly due to advent of robust AI algorithms (deep learning), availability of hardware that can train those robust and complex AI algorithms and accessibility of large enough dataset required for training AI algorithms. Different imaging modalities that have been exploited by researchers to automate the task of breast cancer detection are mammograms, ultrasound, magnetic resonance imaging, histopathological images or any combination of them. This article analyzes these imaging modalities and presents their strengths, limitations and enlists resources from where their datasets can be accessed for research purpose. This article then summarizes AI and computer vision based state-of-the-art methods proposed in the last decade, to detect breast cancer using various imaging modalities. Generally, in this article we have focused on to review frameworks that have reported results using mammograms as it is most widely used breast imaging modality that serves as first test that medical practitioners usually prescribe for the detection of breast cancer. Second reason of focusing on mammogram imaging modalities is the availability of its labeled datasets. Datasets availability is one of the most important aspect for the development of AI based frameworks as such algorithms are data hungry and generally quality of dataset affects performance of AI based algorithms. In a nutshell, this research article will act as a primary resource for the research community working in the field of automated breast imaging analysis.      
### 80.Attention module improves both performance and interpretability of 4D fMRI decoding neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00920.pdf)
>  Decoding brain cognitive states from neuroimaging signals is an important topic in neuroscience. In recent years, deep neural networks (DNNs) have been recruited for multiple brain state decoding and achieved good performance. However, the open question of how to interpret the DNN black box remains unanswered. Capitalizing on advances in machine learning, we integrated attention modules into brain decoders to facilitate an in-depth interpretation of DNN channels. A 4D convolution operation was also included to extract temporo-spatial interaction within the fMRI signal. The experiments showed that the proposed model obtains a very high accuracy (97.4%) and outperforms previous researches on the 7 different task benchmarks from the Human Connectome Project (HCP) dataset. The visualization analysis further illustrated the hierarchical emergence of task-specific masks with depth. Finally, the model was retrained to regress individual traits within the HCP and to classify viewing images from the BOLD5000 dataset, respectively. Transfer learning also achieves good performance. A further visualization analysis shows that, after transfer learning, low-level attention masks remained similar to the source domain, whereas high-level attention masks changed adaptively. In conclusion, the proposed 4D model with attention module performed well and facilitated interpretation of DNNs, which is helpful for subsequent research.      
### 81.Does deep learning model calibration improve performance in class-imbalanced medical image classification?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00918.pdf)
>  In medical image classification tasks, it is common to find that the number of normal samples far exceeds the number of abnormal samples. In such class-imbalanced situations, reliable training of deep neural networks continues to be a major challenge. Under these circumstances, the predicted class confidence may be biased toward the majority class. Calibration has been suggested to alleviate some of these effects. However, there is insufficient analysis explaining when and whether calibrating a model would be beneficial in improving performance. In this study, we perform a systematic analysis of the effect of model calibration on its performance on two medical image modalities, namely, chest X-rays (CXRs) and fundus images, using various deep learning classifier backbones. For this, we study the following variations: (i) the degree of imbalances in the dataset used for training; (ii) calibration methods; and, (iii) two classification thresholds, namely, default decision threshold of 0.5, and optimal threshold from precision-recall (PR) curves. Our results indicate that at the default operating threshold of 0.5, the performance achieved through calibration is significantly superior (p &lt; 0.05) to an uncalibrated model. However, at the PR-guided threshold, these gains were not significantly different (p &gt; 0.05). This finding holds for both image modalities and at varying degrees of imbalance.      
### 82.GROWN: GRow Only When Necessary for Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00908.pdf)
>  Catastrophic forgetting is a notorious issue in deep learning, referring to the fact that Deep Neural Networks (DNN) could forget the knowledge about earlier tasks when learning new tasks. To address this issue, continual learning has been developed to learn new tasks sequentially and perform knowledge transfer from the old tasks to the new ones without forgetting. While recent structure-based learning methods show the capability of alleviating the forgetting problem, these methods start from a redundant full-size network and require a complex learning process to gradually grow-and-prune or search the network structure for each task, which is inefficient. To address this problem and enable efficient network expansion for new tasks, we first develop a learnable sparse growth method eliminating the additional pruning/searching step in previous structure-based methods. Building on this learnable sparse growth method, we then propose GROWN, a novel end-to-end continual learning framework to dynamically grow the model only when necessary. Different from all previous structure-based methods, GROWN starts from a small seed network, instead of a full-sized one. We validate GROWN on multiple datasets against state-of-the-art methods, which shows superior performance in both accuracy and model size. For example, we achieve 1.0\% accuracy gain on average compared to the current SOTA results on CIFAR-100 Superclass 20 tasks setting.      
### 83.Disarranged Zone Learning (DZL): An unsupervised and dynamic automatic stenosis recognition methodology based on coronary angiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00896.pdf)
>  We proposed a novel unsupervised methodology named Disarranged Zone Learning (DZL) to automatically recognize stenosis in coronary angiography. The methodology firstly disarranges the frames in a video, secondly it generates an effective zone and lastly trains an encoder-decoder GRU model to learn the capability to recover disarranged frames. The breakthrough of our study is to discover and validate the Sequence Intensity (Recover Difficulty) is a measure of Coronary Artery Stenosis Status. Hence, the prediction accuracy of DZL is used as an approximator of coronary stenosis indicator. DZL is an unsupervised methodology and no label engineering effort is needed, the sub GRU model in DZL works as a self-supervised approach. So DZL could theoretically utilize infinitely huge amounts of coronary angiographies to learn and improve performance without laborious data labeling. There is no data preprocessing precondition to run DZL as it dynamically utilizes the whole video, hence it is easy to be implemented and generalized to overcome the data heterogeneity of coronary angiography. The overall average precision score achieves 0.93, AUC achieves 0.8 for this pure methodology. The highest segmented average precision score is 0.98 and the highest segmented AUC is 0.87 for coronary occlusion indicator. Finally, we developed a software demo to implement DZL methodology.      
### 84.ProTo: Program-Guided Transformer for Program-Guided Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00804.pdf)
>  Programs, consisting of semantic and structural information, play an important role in the communication between humans and agents. Towards learning general program executors to unify perception, reasoning, and decision making, we formulate program-guided tasks which require learning to execute a given program on the observed task specification. Furthermore, we propose the Program-guided Transformer (ProTo), which integrates both semantic and structural guidance of a program by leveraging cross-attention and masked self-attention to pass messages between the specification and routines in the program. ProTo executes a program in a learned latent space and enjoys stronger representation ability than previous neural-symbolic approaches. We demonstrate that ProTo significantly outperforms the previous state-of-the-art methods on GQA visual reasoning and 2D Minecraft policy learning datasets. Additionally, ProTo demonstrates better generalization to unseen, complex, and human-written programs.      
### 85.Welsch Based Multiview Disparity Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00803.pdf)
>  In this work, we explore disparity estimation from a high number of views. We experimentally identify occlusions as a key challenge for disparity estimation for applications with high numbers of views. In particular, occlusions can actually result in a degradation in accuracy as more views are added to a dataset. We propose the use of a Welsch loss function for the data term in a global variational framework for disparity estimation. We also propose a disciplined warping strategy and a progressive inclusion of views strategy that can reduce the need for coarse to fine strategies that discard high spatial frequency components from the early iterations. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach produces superior and/or more robust estimates than other conventional variational approaches.      
### 86.Inference-InfoGAN: Inference Independence via Embedding Orthogonal Basis Expansion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00788.pdf)
>  Disentanglement learning aims to construct independent and interpretable latent variables in which generative models are a popular strategy. InfoGAN is a classic method via maximizing Mutual Information (MI) to obtain interpretable latent variables mapped to the target space. However, it did not emphasize independent characteristic. To explicitly infer latent variables with inter-independence, we propose a novel GAN-based disentanglement framework via embedding Orthogonal Basis Expansion (OBE) into InfoGAN network (Inference-InfoGAN) in an unsupervised way. Under the OBE module, one set of orthogonal basis can be adaptively found to expand arbitrary data with independence property. To ensure the target-wise interpretable representation, we add a consistence constraint between the expansion coefficients and latent variables on the base of MI maximization. Additionally, we design an alternating optimization step on the consistence constraint and orthogonal requirement updating, so that the training of Inference-InfoGAN can be more convenient. Finally, experiments validate that our proposed OBE module obtains adaptive orthogonal basis, which can express better independent characteristics than fixed basis expression of Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT). To depict the performance in downstream tasks, we compared with the state-of-the-art GAN-based and even VAE-based approaches on different datasets. Our Inference-InfoGAN achieves higher disentanglement score in terms of FactorVAE, Separated Attribute Predictability (SAP), Mutual Information Gap (MIG) and Variation Predictability (VP) metrics without model fine-tuning. All the experimental results illustrate that our method has inter-independence inference ability because of the OBE module, and provides a good trade-off between it and target-wise interpretability of latent variables via jointing the alternating optimization.      
### 87.Seeking Visual Discomfort: Curiosity-driven Representations for Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00784.pdf)
>  Vision-based reinforcement learning (RL) is a promising approach to solve control tasks involving images as the main observation. State-of-the-art RL algorithms still struggle in terms of sample efficiency, especially when using image observations. This has led to increased attention on integrating state representation learning (SRL) techniques into the RL pipeline. Work in this field demonstrates a substantial improvement in sample efficiency among other benefits. However, to take full advantage of this paradigm, the quality of samples used for training plays a crucial role. More importantly, the diversity of these samples could affect the sample efficiency of vision-based RL, but also its generalization capability. In this work, we present an approach to improve sample diversity for state representation learning. Our method enhances the exploration capability of RL algorithms, by taking advantage of the SRL setup. Our experiments show that our proposed approach boosts the visitation of problematic states, improves the learned state representation, and outperforms the baselines for all tested environments. These results are most apparent for environments where the baseline methods struggle. Even in simple environments, our method stabilizes the training, reduces the reward variance, and promotes sample efficiency.      
### 88.Multi-view SA-LA Net: A framework for simultaneous segmentation of RV on multi-view cardiac MR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00682.pdf)
>  We proposed a multi-view SA-LA model for simultaneous segmentation of RV on the short-axis (SA) and long-axis (LA) cardiac MR images. The multi-view SA-LA model is a multi-encoder, multi-decoder U-Net architecture based on the U-Net model. One encoder-decoder pair segments the RV on SA images and the other pair on LA images. Multi-view SA-LA model assembles an extremely rich set of synergistic features, at the root of the encoder branch, by combining feature maps learned from matched SA and LA cardiac MR images. Segmentation performance is further enhanced by: (1) incorporating spatial context of LV as a prior and (2) performing deep supervision in the last three layers of the decoder branch. Multi-view SA-LA model was extensively evaluated on the MICCAI 2021 Multi- Disease, Multi-View, and Multi- Centre RV Segmentation Challenge dataset (M&amp;Ms-2021). M&amp;Ms-2021 dataset consists of multi-phase, multi-view cardiac MR images of 360 subjects acquired at four clinical centers with three different vendors. On the challenge cohort (160 subjects), the proposed multi-view SA-LA model achieved a Dice Score of 91% and Hausdorff distance of 11.2 mm on short-axis images and a Dice Score of 89.6% and Hausdorff distance of 8.1 mm on long-axis images. Moreover, multi-view SA-LA model exhibited strong generalization to unseen RV related pathologies including Dilated Right Ventricle (DSC: SA 91.41%, LA 89.63%) and Tricuspidal Regurgitation (DSC: SA 91.40%, LA 90.40%) with low variance (std_DSC: SA &lt;5%, LA&lt;6%).      
### 89.Reconstructing group wavelet transform from feature maps with a reproducing kernel iteration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.00600.pdf)
>  In this paper we consider the problem of reconstructing an image that is downsampled in the space of its $SE(2)$ wavelet transform, which is motivated by classical models of simple cells receptive fields and feature preference maps in primary visual cortex. We prove that, whenever the problem is solvable, the reconstruction can be obtained by an elementary project and replace iterative scheme based on the reproducing kernel arising from the group structure, and show numerical results on real images.      
